the provided image is a cover page for ayondo ltd.'s 2020 annual report.
no other data is present to extract.
this annual report has been prepared by the company and its contents have been reviewed by the company's sponsor, uob kay hian private limited the "sponsor" for compliance with the relevant rules of the singapore exchange securities trading limited the “sgx-st" listing manual section b: rules of catalist.
this annual report has not been examined or approved by the sgx-st and the sgx-st assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report, including the accuracy, completeness or correctness of any of the information, statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this annual report.
the contact person for the sponsor is mr lance tan, senior vice president, at 8 anthony road, 01-01, singapore 229957, telephone 65 6590 6881. contents corporate profile 2 letter to shareholders 3 corporate information 5 board of directors 6 corporate governance report 8 financial contents directors' statement 50 independent auditor's report 54 statements of financial position 58 statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 59 statement of changes in equity 61 statement of cash flows 62 notes to the financial statements 64 statistics of shareholdings 91 corporate profile ayondo ltd.
the "company" is an investment holding company listed on the catalist of the singapore exchange securities trading limited “sgx-st” on 26 march 2018. on 5 june 2019, the group disposed of its key operating subsidiary in the united kingdom, ayondo markets limited “aml” to bux holding b.v. the “aml disposal” , having obtained approval from the shareholders of the company at the extraordinary general meeting “egm” held on 3 june 2019. on 14 august 2019, the company announced that an insolvency application was filed with the competent court in germany to commence insolvency proceedings over the assets of ayondo gmbh “ayg” a wholly-owned subsidiary of ayondo holding ag “ahag” , which is in turn a 99.97%-owned subsidiary of the company . consequently, inter alia , an insolvency application was filed with the competent court in zug, switzerland to commence insolvency proceedings over the assets of ahag.
following the disposal of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets limited since june 2019, and the insolvency proceedings of its overseas subsidiaries in switzerland and germany, namely, ahag deregistered and ayg in liquidation , the group has ceased to have any operations.
on 29 july 2020 the company entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement “spa” with speed success group limited in relation to the proposed acquisition of the entire equity interest in rich glory international investment limited “target” by the company the “proposed acquisition” . the proposed acquisition, if undertaken and completed, is expected to result in a “reverse take-over” of the company as defined under chapter 10 of listing manual section b: rules of catalist the “catalist rules” of the singapore exchange securities trading limited “sgx-st” and is subject to, inter alia , the approval of shareholders of the company at an egm to be convened, and the approval of the sgx-st.
the target is in the business of licensed collateralized lending specializing in residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and shareholders loans, and the proposed acquisition is intended to enable the company to resume trading of its shares on the catalist board.
as the proposed acquisition is subject to conditions and due diligence by the company, shareholders should note that there is no certainty or assurance that the proposed acquisition will be completed.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images or footnotes.
letter to shareholders dear valued shareholders, on behalf of the board of directors, i am pleased to present our annual report of ayondo ltd.
for the financial year ended 31 december 2020. 2020 has been an extraordinary year not only for the company but for the global market due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
notwithstanding the challenges in 2020, the company and the board had continued to work tirelessly to restructure with an emphasis on completing the proposed acquisition.
thanks to the support of the shareholders and the board, the company continues to receive additional investments to carry the company and the group through its difficulty stages.
as at 31 march 2021, an aggregate of singapore dollar1,080,000 under the convertible notes to golden nugget jinzhuan limited “gn” the “cn3” has been subscribed and there is a remaining balance principal amount of up to singapore dollar7,020,000 that has yet to be subscribed by gn.
the proceeds from the issue of cn3 are intended to be utilised by the company, for the repayment of loans and outstanding payments owing by the company and general working capital purposes, including professional fees and salaries.
outlook including resumption of trading following the ongoing efforts in seeking the injection of a sustainable business, the company had on 30 july 2020, announced the entry into a conditional sale and purchase agreement dated 29 july 2020 with speed success group limited “vendor” in relation to the proposed acquisition of the entire equity interest in rich glory international investment limited “target” by the company the “proposed acquisition” . the proposed acquisition, if undertaken and completed, is expected to result in a “reverse take-over” “rto” of the company under the catalist and is subject to, inter alia , the approval of shareholders of the company at an egm to be convened, and the approval of the sgx-st.
following consultation with the sgx-st through the company’s continuing sponsor, the company has been informed that as part of the company’s proposal for the resumption of trading, the company is required to submit the finalised draft shareholders’ circular for the proposed acquisition “rto circular” to sgx-st.
as such, the company has applied for a further extension of time to submit the resumption proposal.
on 6 january 2021, the sgx-st has informed the company that it has no objection to the company’s application for further extension of time to 30 april 2021. the company has been working closely with the vendor, the target and the relevant professionals in respect of the rto to complete the proposed acquisition and to prepare the rto circular.
the company will provide updates to the sgx-st and the shareholders of the company via announcements to be released on the sgxnet on material developments to the proposed acquisition.
the company is of the view that the proposed acquisition will place the company in a strong position to expand into new business areas and grow revenues, both which will help rebuild shareholder value.
in appreciation in closing and on behalf of the board, i would like to extend my appreciation to our investors and business associates for their patience, unwavering support and confidence in ayondo ltd.
in this challenging time.
most importantly, i would like to take this opportunity to thank our valued shareholders for their continued support in us.
going forward, we intend to focus on implementing our new strategy with the intent of rebuilding shareholder value.
mr dominic morris interim chief executive officer ayondo ltd.
corporate information board of directors - foo fatt kah non-executive director - tse man kit gilbert non-executive director - foong daw ching lead independent director - lam shiao ning independent director audit and risk committee - foong daw ching chairman - foo fatt kah - lam shiao ning nominating committee - lam shiao ning chairman - foong daw ching - tse man kit gilbert remuneration committee - foong daw ching chairman - lam shiao ning - tse man kit gilbert company secretary wee woon hong, llb hons registered office 20 collyer quay 01-02 singapore 049319 sponsor uob kay hian private limited 8 anthony road 01-01 singapore 229957 independent auditor foo kon tan llp 24 raffles place 07-03 clifford centre singapore 048621 partner-in-charge: toh kim teck a member of the institute of singapore chartered accountants appointed since the financial year ended 31 december 2019 share registrar tricor barbinder share registration services 80 robinson road 11-02 singapore 068898 board of directors foo fatt kah non-executive director dr foo fatt kah has more than 30 years of experience in investment banking, venture capital and private equity investments.
he is also the managing director and co-founder of luminor capital pte.
ltd., a fund management firm based in singapore since 2008. from 2003 to 2012, he was the asian venture partner for aravis ventures, a global venture capital firm specializing in biotechnology and energy investments.
prior to that, he was with sg securities asia for seven years, most latterly being the group's managing director, head of equities asia excluding japan, with responsibility for the firm's research, sales, sales trading and dealing activities in 10 asian markets.
from 1994 to 1996, dr foo joined deutsche morgan grenfell in singapore as the head of equity research where he was involved in their singapore equity research product covering all market sectors.
dr foo started his career as an equity analyst specializing in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sector in europe, working in various firms including paribas capital markets group limited, barings securities ltd.
and robert fleming & co., ltd.
in london.
dr foo obtained his degree in medicine from queen's university, uk in 1984 and subsequently obtained his masters in business administration from queen's university in 1987. dr foo is also a member of the singapore institute of directors sid . tse man kit gilbert non-executive director mr tse man kit gilbert has more than 20 years of working experience in investment banking and asset management industries.
he currently serves as advisor to guangzhou lianggang investment consulting co., ltd.
imaibo on corporate strategy and to stormharbour securities hk ltd.
on asset management business.
he is also a director of metori investment management zhuhai hengqin co., ltd and metori holding hong kong limited.
prior to this, mr tse was also the chief executive officer of imaibo from 2015 to 2017. he held various senior management positions over his 19-year career within societe generale corporate and investment banking “societe generale" group, with the last being the managing director and head of asia at lyxor asset management, the exchange traded fund etf provider arm of societe generale where he was responsible for overseeing the operation in hong kong, shanghai and tokyo and governance of the sales activities and new product launch in the region.
from 2010 to 2013, mr tse was executive vice general manager of fortune sg fund management co., ltd, a joint venture fund management company between hwabao trust baosteel group and lyxor asset management societe generale group where he was in charge of sales and marketing, product development division and risk management division of fortune sg fund management co.
from 2007 to 2009, mr tse was the managing director and head of global markets china where he was in charge of sales and trading activities of fixed income, currencies and commodities in china.
from 2000 to 2007, mr tse was the managing director and head of structured derivatives asia excluding japan where he was in charge of providing investment and risk management solution with the use of financial derivatives for clients in non-japan asia.
from 1995 to 2000, he joined societe generale as vice president, primary markets, debt capital market & derivatives where he was taking part in the structuring and sales of various financial and risk management solutions to issuers and borrowers in asia.
mr tse started his career as forex & options trader at the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation hsbc from 1992 to 1995. mr tse obtained his bachelor of business administration from the chinese university of hong kong in 1992. he also holds master of applied finance from macquarie university, australia in 1996. board of directors foong daw ching lead independent director foong daw ching has more than 30 years of audit experience.
he was a senior partner of baker tilly tfw llp and also regional chairman of asia pacific region for baker tilly international limited until october 2016. prior to that, he was the managing partner of baker tilly tfw llp until 2010. mr foong is also a director of baker tilly international limited between april 2007 and october 2016. mr foong is also an independent director of starland holdings limited, travelite holdings ltd.
and suntar eco-city limited.
mr foong was awarded the public service medal pingat bakti masyarakat by the president of singapore in 2003 and a merit service award by the institute of certified public accountants of singapore in 2000. he is a fellow of the institute of chartered accountant in england and wales, a fellow of the institute of singapore chartered accountants, and a fellow member of cpa, australia.
lam shiao ning independent director lam shiao ning has more than 20 years of experience as a corporate lawyer in singapore.
ms lam is currently the managing director of rubicon law llc, a boutique corporate law firm in singapore.
prior to this, she was the partner of oon & bazul llp where she headed the mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance practice until march 2020. prior to joining oon & bazul llp in march 2016, she was a director of drew & napier llc since june 2007 and was an associate director since december 2004. she started her career as an associate at arfat selvam & gunasingham subsequently known as asg law corporation , a boutique corporate law firm, in april 1998 and became a director of the firm from january 2003 to october 2004. ms lam obtained a bachelor of laws honours from the university of hull, united kingdom in 1995 and was called to the bar of england and wales in july 1996. she was admitted as an advocate and solicitor of the supreme court of singapore in march 1998. ms lam is a member of the law society of singapore, the singapore academy of law and the inquiry panel of the law society of singapore.
she also holds a diploma in financial management from the association of chartered certified accountants, united kingdom.
ms lam is a senior teaching fellow at the singapore institute of legal education.
corporate governance report the board of directors the “board” of ayondo ltd.
the "company" is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance within the company and its subsidiaries the "group" . this report outlines the group's main corporate governance framework and practices that were in place during the financial year ended 31 december 2020 “fy2020” with specific reference made to the principles and provisions set out in the code of corporate governance 2018 the "code" and accompanying practice guidance issued in august 2018, which forms part of the continuing obligations of the listing rules of the singapore exchange securities trading limited the "sgx-st” the “guide” , and explains any deviation from the code.
for fy2020, the group has complied with the principles as set out in the code and the guide, where applicable.
appropriate explanations have been provided in the relevant sections below insofar as there are any deviations from the provisions in the code and the guide.
board matters the board's conduct of affairs provision 1.1 directors are fiduciaries who act objectively in the best interests of the company and hold management accountable for performance.
the board puts in place a code of conduct and ethics, sets an appropriate tone-from-the-top and desired organisational culture, and ensures proper accountability within the company.
directors facing conflicts of interest recuse themselves from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict.
provision 1.2 the board is entrusted with the responsibility for the overall management of the business and corporate affairs of the group and to protect and enhance long-term shareholders' value.
apart from its statutory and fiduciary responsibilities, the primary functions of the board are to perform their roles and responsibilities laid out under the code and the board's terms of reference.
please refer to table a pages 38 to 41 of this annual report for the composition and primary functions of the board.
the board, in the course of performing its roles and responsibilities, acts in good faith and objectively makes decisions considering the best interests of the group.
any director facing a conflict or potential conflict of interests in relation to any matter will declare his or her interest and will recuse himself or herself from participating in discussions and abstain from making any decisions on the matter involving the issue of conflict.
all directors are required to declare any conflict of interests both annually and as soon as they are aware of circumstances giving rise to such conflict.
directors understand the company’s business as well as their directorship duties including their roles as executive, non-executive and independent directors . directors are provided with opportunities to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the company’s expense.
the induction, training and development provided to new and existing directors are disclosed in the company’s annual report.
to keep the directors abreast of development in the group’s industries as well as the group’s operations, the board is regularly briefed on the status, development, business progress and financial status of the group’s operations.
outside of the mandatory quarterly board meetings, the board had communications with management via teleconferences and email.
board director training and development fy2020 all directors are appointed to the board via a formal letter of appointment non-executive directors or a service agreement executive directors , outlining their duties and obligations.
directors receive updates on changes to relevant rules and regulations e.grams., sgx-st listing rules, the code, the companies act , and commercial risks.
the company secretary or representatives briefs them on key regulatory changes; external auditors brief the audit and risk committee arc on accounting standard amendments.
the board emphasizes ongoing training and development for effective board service.
newly appointed directors receive orientation on the group, its business, trends, and operations.
all directors are encouraged to pursue further training to enhance their skills, including attending courses and events organized by the singapore institute of directors sid . newly appointed directors without prior experience as a director of an sgx-st listed issuer receive sid training as prescribed by the sgx-st to ensure they possess the skills and knowledge for their statutory and fiduciary duties.
table: trainings and seminars attended by directors in fy2020 name of directors: foo fatt kah, title of trainings/seminars: sid corporate governance roundup cgr - 17 november 2020 name of directors: foong daw ching, title of trainings/seminars: acra-sgx-sid audit committee seminar 2020; non-compliance with laws pronunciations updates by baker tilly - april 2020; ethics code and independence requirements of public accountants by baker tilly - december 2020 name of directors: tse man kit gilbert appointed as non-executive director on 2 september 2019 , title of trainings/seminars: listed entity director led programme - july 2020; led 1 – listed entity director essentials; led 2 - board dynamics; led 3 - board performance; led 4 – stakeholder engagement; led 7 – nominating committee essentials; led 8 - remuneration committee essentials table end.
provision 1.3 the board decides on matters that require its approval and clearly communicates this to management in writing.
matters requiring board approval are disclosed in the company's annual report.
matters that specifically require the board's approval include the following: allotment and issuance of new shares in the company; grant of share awards under the employee share option scheme issue of convertible bonds and warrants; bank matters including opening of bank accounts, change of bank signatories, acceptance of banking facilities and issuance of corporate guarantees; acquisition and realisation of shares in subsidiaries and any other companies; major acquisition and disposal of assets and any proposal for investment and divestment of interests; incorporation of subsidiaries, subscription of shares in subsidiaries, capitalization of loans due from subsidiaries and appointment of corporate representative; entry into sale and purchase agreements and any other agreements in relation to the acquisition or disposal of assets outside the ordinary course of business; approving of announcements, quarterly and full year financial results announcements for public release; convening of general meetings; financial and secretarial matters including approval of audited financial statements, directors’ statements, approval of annual capital expenditure, change of registered office and any proposed alteration to the constitution; and appointment of directors, key management personnel, auditors and powers of attorney.
provision 1.4 board committees, including executive committees if any , are formed with clear written terms of reference setting out their compositions, authorities and duties, including reporting back to the board.
the names of the committee members, the terms of reference, any delegation of the board’s authority to make decisions, and a summary of each committee’s activities, are disclosed in the company’s annual report.
presently, the board delegated the implementation of the business policies and day-to-day operations to the interim chief executive officer “ceo” of the company.
mr dominic anthony morris is currently the chief technology officer cum interim ceo of the company.
until a full-time ceo is appointed, mr dominic anthony morris will have the delegated authority from the board to manage and oversee the overall business and activities of the group on an interim basis.
to delegate effective management, the board is further supported in its functions by and has delegated certain authorities to three 3 board committees, namely, the audit and risk committee “arc” , nominating committee “nc” and remuneration committee “rc” collectively, the “board committees” which have been established to facilitate and assist the board in the execution and discharge of specific responsibilities as set out in the written terms of reference.
all board committees are chaired by independent directors and each board committee has its own terms of reference setting out the scope of its duties and responsibilities, the rules and regulations and procedures governing the manner in which it is to operate and how decisions are to be taken.
provision 1.5: director attendance at meetings directors attend and actively participate in board and board committee meetings.
the number of such meetings and each individual director's attendance at such meetings are disclosed in the company's annual report.
directors with multiple board representations ensure that sufficient time and attention are given to the affairs of each company.
provision 1.6: management information provided to directors management provides directors with complete, adequate, and timely information prior to meetings and on an ongoing basis to enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their responsibilities.
the company makes available to directors financial results, as well as explanatory information relating to matters to be discussed at the board and board committee meetings.
detailed board papers are prepared and circulated in advance for each meeting.
this gives directors sufficient time to review the matters to be discussed, so that discussions can be more meaningful and productive.
any other matters may also be tabled at the board meeting and discussed without papers being distributed.
the board papers include sufficient information on financial, operating, and other relevant matters.
board and board committee meetings the board meets regularly and at least quarterly.
additional meetings are held as needed to address significant matters.
dates of board and board committee meetings, annual general meetings agms , and extraordinary general meetings egms are scheduled in advance in consultation with all directors.
directors unable to attend in person may participate via telephone or video conference.
the number of board and board committee meetings held and attendance records for fy2020 are in table b on page 42 of this annual report.
in fy2020, board and board committee meetings and the annual general meeting were held electronically, in line with singapore government safe-distancing measures and regulations amidst covid-19 transmission risks.
even as measures ease, the company may continue to hold meetings electronically, depending on the covid-19 situation.
the company's constitution allows for meetings of directors via telephone and video conference, or other simultaneous communication methods, if directors cannot attend in person.
the board and board committees may also make decisions via written resolutions.
directors with multiple listed company board representations are required to ensure sufficient time and attention is given to the affairs of each company.
the nomination committee nc has reviewed multiple board representations of each director and is satisfied that directors adequately carry out their duties and devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the group.
provision 1.7: director access and independence directors have separate and independent access to management, the company secretary, and external advisors where necessary at the company's expense.
the appointment and removal of the company secretary is a decision of the board as a whole.
during fy2020, the board had separate and independent access to management and the external auditors at all times.
queries by individual directors on the company's developments, management proposals, or papers are directed and answered by mr. dominic anthony morris, the interim ceo of the company, who reports directly to the board of directors.
in addition, the directors, either individually or as a group, are provided with direct access to the group's independent professional advisors to discharge their responsibilities effectively.
they may also seek separate independent professional advice concerning any aspect of the group's affairs or in respect of their fiduciary or other duties, where necessary.
the cost of all such professional advice is borne by the company.
the board also has separate and independent access to the company secretary.
the company secretary attends to corporate secretariat administration matters, monitors and advises on corporate governance matters, and ensures compliance with the constitution, companies act, and the catalist rules.
the company secretary or their representatives attends all meetings of the board and board committees, facilitating their effective functioning in accordance with their terms of reference and best practices.
the appointment and removal of the company secretary are subject to the board's approval.
board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
provision 2.1: independent director definition an "independent" director is one who is independent in conduct, character, and judgment, and has no relationship with the company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders, or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director's independent business judgment in the best interests of the company.
the nomination committee nc is responsible for reviewing the independence of each director based on the guidelines set out in both the code and the catalist rules, to ensure that the board consists of persons who, together, will provide core competencies necessary to meet the company's objectives.
the nc conducts this review annually and requires each independent director to submit a confirmation of independence based on the guidelines provided in the code.
based on the confirmation of independence submitted by the independent directors and the results of the nc's review, the nc concluded that the board met the independence requirements.
provision 2.2: independent directors make up a majority of the board independent directors, namely mr foong daw ching and ms lam shiao ning, are independent in accordance with both the code and the catalist rules.
no individual or small group of individuals dominates the board's decision-making.
as at the date of this annual report, the chairman of the board has not been appointed.
the board comprises four 4 members: two 2 non-executive directors and two 2 independent directors.
name of directors: foo fatt kah: non-executive director tse man kit gilbert: non-executive director foong daw ching: lead independent director lam shiao ning: independent director the independent directors comprise 50.0% of the board.
the board believes there is a strong and independent element capable of exercising objective judgment on corporate affairs, independently and constructively challenging key decisions.
this takes into consideration the long-term interests of the group and the shareholders.
all three board committees are chaired by independent directors, and no individual or small group of individuals dominates the board's decision-making process.
see table a on pages 38 to 41 of this annual report for the composition of the board and board committees.
provision 2.3: non-executive directors make up a majority of the board as at the end of fy2020, the board comprised four 4 members, all of whom were non-executive directors two of whom were independent directors . provision 2.4: board composition and diversity the board and board committees are of an appropriate size and comprise directors who, as a group, provide an appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience, and other aspects of diversity such as gender and age to avoid groupthink and foster constructive debate.
the board diversity policy and progress made towards implementing it, including objectives, are disclosed in the company's annual report.
the board currently comprises business leaders and professionals with diverse backgrounds legal, accounting, finance, and business management , and some with appropriate industry knowledge and strategic planning expertise.
members of the board provide core competencies and objective perspectives on the group's business and direction.
information on individual directors' academic, professional qualifications, background, and other appointments are in the "board of directors" section pages 6-7 of this annual report . the nomination committee nc annually reviews the existing attributes and competencies of the board to determine the desired expertise or experience required to strengthen or supplement the board.
this assists the nc in identifying and information cut off in image . board composition and governance having considered the current scope and nature of the group's operations, the board and nc have reviewed and are satisfied that the current size and composition of the board are appropriate for the group to facilitate independent and effective decision-making.
the board recognizes the benefits of having a diverse board to help bring in new ways of thinking, insights, and different perspectives to the board, which will result in productivity and quality of board deliberations.
while the board and nc have not implemented a fixed diversity policy, the composition of the board is reviewed annually by the nc to ensure that the board has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience to enable the management to benefit from a diverse perspective in reviewing the issues that are brought before the board and enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
this assists the nc in identifying and nominating suitable candidates for appointment to the board.
provision 2.5: non-executive director meetings non-executive directors and/or independent directors, led by the independent chairman or other independent director as appropriate, meet regularly without the presence of management.
the chairman of such meetings provides feedback to the board and/or chairman as appropriate.
the non-executive directors and the independent directors participate actively in developing strategies and in reviewing the performance of the group.
during fy2020, the company's non-executive directors and the independent directors held conference calls regularly to discuss the group's affairs without the presence of the management.
where necessary, the lead independent director will chair meetings without involvement of the management to discuss and review the performance of the management in meeting agreed goals and objectives of the group and monitor the reporting of performance which subsequently provide feedback to the board to aid and facilitate well-balanced viewpoints on the board.
chairman and chief executive officer principle 3: there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
provision 3.1: the chairman and the chief executive officer “ceo” are separate persons to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability, and greater capacity of the board for independent decision-making.
the board recognizes that best practices of corporate governance advocate that the chairman of the board and the ceo should in principle be separate persons to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the board for independent decision-making.
as at the date of this annual report, the chairman of the board has not been appointed and the position remains vacant since the beginning of fy2020.
mr dominic anthony morris is currently the chief technology officer and interim ceo of the company.
he is responsible for the group's technology system and infrastructure and concurrently manages and oversees the overall business and activities of the group on an interim basis, until a full-time ceo is appointed.
provision 3.2: division of responsibilities between chairman and ceo the board establishes and sets out in writing the division of responsibilities between the chairman and the ceo.
as at the date of this annual report, the chairman of the board has not been appointed and the position remains vacant since the beginning of fy2020.
all major proposals and decisions made by the interim ceo are discussed and reviewed by the board with the assistance of the board committees.
as each of the arc, nc and rc consists of a majority of independent directors, and all the three board committees are chaired by independent directors, the board believes that there are strong and independent elements and adequate safeguards in place to ensure the decision-making process of the group would not be hindered.
in addition, with the active participation of the directors at the board and board committees meetings, the board is satisfied that the current arrangement provides sufficient checks and balances to ensure that no one individual member of the board holds a considerable concentration of power and no individual or small group of individuals dominates the board's decision-making, and that there is an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the board for independent decision-making.
provision 3.3: lead independent director the board has a lead independent director to provide leadership in situations where the chairman is conflicted, and especially when the chairman is not independent.
the lead independent director is available to shareholders where they have concerns and for which contact through the normal channels of communication with the chairman or management are inappropriate or inadequate.
mr foong daw ching is the lead independent director of the company.
the lead independent director avails himself to address shareholders’ concerns or issues for which communication through the normal channels with the chairman of the board and the management has not resolved or for which such communication is inappropriate, and acts as a counterbalance in the decision-making process.
where necessary, the lead independent director will chair meetings without involvement of the management and provide feedback to the board, to aid and facilitate well-balanced viewpoints on the board.
board membership principle 4: appointment and reappointment of directors the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and reappointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
provision 4.1: nominating committee responsibilities the board establishes a nominating committee “nc” to make recommendations to the board on relevant matters relating to: the review of succession plans for directors, in particular the appointment and/or replacement of the chairman, the ceo and key management personnel; the process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the board, its board committees and directors; the review of training and professional development programmes for the board and its directors; and the appointment and re-appointment of directors including alternate directors, if any . provision 4.2: nomination committee nc composition the nc is established and governed by its terms of reference, approved by the board.
refer to table a pages 38-41 of this annual report for the nc's composition and functions, based on its terms of reference.
the nc comprises at least three directors; the majority, including the nc chairman, are independent.
the lead independent director if any is a member of the nc.
the nc currently consists of three members: ms lam shiao ning chairman , mr foong daw ching, and mr tse man kit gilbert.
two are independent directors, and one is a non-executive director.
mr foong daw ching is the lead independent director and a member of the nc.
provision 4.3: director selection, appointment, and re-appointment the company discloses its process for selecting, appointing, and reappointing directors to the board.
this includes the criteria for identifying and evaluating potential new directors, and the channels used to find appropriate candidates see company's annual report . all director selections, appointments, and reappointments are reviewed and proposed/recommended by the nc.
the nc's search, nomination, and selection process for new directors identifies key attributes an incoming director should possess, based on desired qualifications, skill sets, competencies, and experience to supplement the board's existing attributes and composition and support the group's business activities or strategies.
potential candidates are initially sourced from the contacts and networks of existing directors.
if unsuitable candidates are identified, the nc may seek assistance from external search consultants.
following this, the nc with management's assistance utilizes directors' personal contacts and recommendations of potential candidates, undertaking a shortlisting process.
if candidates from this process prove unsuitable, the nc may consider recommendations from the sid.
interviews with potential candidates are conducted by nc members to assess suitability before submitting recommendations to the board for approval.
the board will consider each candidate's ability to add value to the group's business, aligning with its strategic objectives.
the board is also advised by the sponsor regarding director appointments as per catalist rule 226 2 d . all directors submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at least once every three years.
in accordance with the company's constitution, one-third of the directors or the nearest number not less than one-third if the total number of directors is not a multiple of three retire from office by rotation at each agm.
any director appointed during the financial year serves only until the next agm; retiring directors are eligible for re-election.
the nc recommends board appointments and the composition of executive and independent directors to the board.
the nc is also responsible for re-nominating retiring directors and determining annually whether a director is independent.
provision 4.4: director independence the nomination committee nc annually determines, and as circumstances require, the independence of each director.
this assessment considers factors outlined in provision 2.1 and the catalist rules and code.
directors must disclose any relationships with the company, related corporations, substantial shareholders, or officers that may affect their independence.
the board, considering the nc's views, determines final independence.
if a director is deemed independent despite such relationships, the company discloses these relationships and the rationale in its annual report.
the nc is responsible for determining the independence of directors, considering the factors in principle 2 of the code.
provision 4.5: director duties and training the nc ensures new directors understand their duties and obligations.
it also assesses whether a director adequately fulfills their role.
the company's annual report discloses each director's directorships and principal commitments; if significant, the nc and board provide a reasoned assessment of the director's ability to diligently discharge their duties.
newly appointed directors without prior experience as directors of sgx-st listed issuers must complete sid-conducted training programs as prescribed by sgx-st within one year of their appointment.
this training covers the roles and responsibilities of a listed company director in singapore and other relevant areas, at the company's expense.
the nc is aware of this training program.
directorships in other listed companies and other principal commitments table: directorships and commitments name of directors: foo fatt kah non-executive director , present directorships: pec ltd.
variscan mines ltd., past directorships for the last 5 years : anchor resources limited, other principal commitments present : luminor capital pte ltd – managing director, other principal commitments past : nil name of directors: tse man kit gilbert non-executive director , present directorships: nil, past directorships for the last 5 years : nil, other principal commitments present : nil, other principal commitments past : nil table end.
board performance principle 5: the board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.
provision 5.1: the nc recommends for the board's approval the objective performance criteria and process for the evaluation of the effectiveness of the board as a whole, and of each board committee separately, as well as the contribution by the chairman and each individual director to the board.
the nc assesses the effectiveness of the board as a whole, its board committees and the contribution of each individual director to the effectiveness of the board on an annual basis.
objective performance criteria used to assess the performance of the board include both quantitative and qualitative criteria.
the board and board committees' performance is judged on the basis of accountability as a whole, rather than table: board member commitments board member: foong daw ching lead independent director , directorships: starland holdings limited suntar eco-city limited travelite ltd, other principal commitments: nil board member: lam shiao ning independent director , directorships: nil, other principal commitments: rubicon law llc - managing director table end.
provision 5.2 the company discloses in its annual report how the assessments of the board, its board committees and each director have been conducted, including the identity of any external facilitator and its connection, if any, with the company or any of its directors.
the nc had conducted the board’s performance evaluation as a whole for fy2020 together with the performance evaluation of the arc, rc and nc.
on the recommendation of the nc, the board has implemented a process to be carried out by the nc for assessing the effectiveness of the board as a whole on an annual basis.
the performance criteria for the board and board committees’ evaluation, as determined by the nc, cover the following areas: 1. board composition and structure; 2. conduct of meetings; 3. corporate strategy and planning; 4. risk management and internal control; 5. measuring and monitoring performance; 6. training and recruitment; 7. compensation; 8. financial reporting; 9. board committees; and 10. communicating with shareholders.
the abovementioned performance criteria do not change from year to year, unless it is deemed necessary by the board.
all directors have completed the board and board committees’ evaluation forms mentioned above.
the summary of the board and board committee’s evaluation was circulated to the members of the nc for their review.
areas for improvement were suggested by the nc before submitting to the board for discussion.
all nc members have abstained from the voting or review process of any matters in connection with the assessment of his/her performance and/or re-nomination as a director.
the nc also conducted assessment of the individual directors.
all directors have completed the individual assessment forms with regard to the other directors on the board.
the summary of the directors’ individual assessment was circulated to the members of nc for their review.
the assessment parameters for each director include their attendance at board and related activities, adequacy of preparation for board meetings, participation in board discussion, ability to make informed business decisions, assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the company and how decisions will impact them, ensure strategies, budgets and business plans are compatible with vision and strategy, reading and interpreting financial reports, inquiry of information to make informed judgments/assessments, ability to articulate thoughts, opinions, rationale, and points in a clear, concise and logical manner, compliance with company policies and procedures, maintenance of independence, disclosure of related party transactions, performance in respect of specific tasks delegated to him.
the nc and the board have relied on the abovementioned parameters to remuneration matters procedures for developing remuneration policies principle 6: the board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel.
no director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.
provision 6.1 the board establishes a remuneration committee "rc" to review and make recommendations to the board on: a framework of remuneration for the board and key management personnel; and the specific remuneration packages for each director as well as for the key management personnel.
the rc oversees executive remuneration and development in the company with the goal of building a committed management team.
the rc reviews and recommends to the board a general framework of remuneration for the board, and the specific framework of remuneration packages for each director, ceo if ceo is not a director and key management personnel, and submit such recommendations for endorsement by the entire board.
the rc reviews all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards, and benefits-in-kind.
please refer to table a set out on pages 38 to 41 of the annual report for the composition and functions of the rc.
provision 6.2 the rc comprises at least three directors.
all members of the rc are non-executive directors, the majority of whom, including the rc chairman, are independent.
the rc currently comprises three 3 members, namely, mr foong daw ching chairman , ms lam shiao ning and mr tse man kit gilbert, two 2 of whom are independent directors and one 1 is a non-executive director.
provision 6.3 the rc considers all aspects of remuneration, including termination terms, to ensure they are fair.
the rc reviews and considers all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards, and benefits-in-kind.
the rc also reviews the company's obligations arising from termination clauses and termination processes in relation to the executive directors' and key management personnel's contracts of service to ensure that such clauses and processes are fair and reasonable.
each member of the rc shall abstain from reviewing and approving any remuneration, compensation or any form of benefit to be granted to him/her or someone related to him/her.
provision 6.4: remuneration consultants the company discloses the engagement of any remuneration consultants and their independence in the company's annual report.
no remuneration consultants were engaged by the company during fy2020.
the remuneration committee rc and the board were of the view that the company did not need to engage remuneration consultants as mr dominic anthony morris is currently the only executive officer being chief technology officer cum interim ceo in the company and there is no new executive director and executive officer appointed since the beginning of fy2020.
principle 7: level and mix of remuneration the level and structure of remuneration of the board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.
provision 7.1: performance-related remuneration a significant and appropriate proportion of executive directors' and key management personnel's remuneration is structured so as to link rewards to corporate and individual performance.
performance-related remuneration is aligned with the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders and promotes the long-term success of the company.
provision 7.2: executive director and key management personnel remuneration in reviewing and determining the remuneration packages of any executive directors and the key management personnel of the group, the rc will take into consideration the executive director's and key management personnel's responsibilities, skills, expertise and contribution to the group's performance when designing their respective remuneration packages.
an appropriate proportion of their remuneration is linked to individual and corporate performance and is aligned with the interests of shareholders.
there have been no executive directors in the company since the beginning of fy2020.
provision 7.3: non-executive director remuneration the remuneration of non-executive directors is appropriate to the level of contribution, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent, and responsibilities.
the independent directors and non-executive directors do not have service agreements with the company.
they are paid directors' fees, being a basic fee and additional fees for serving on any of the board committees.
the board recommends payment of such directors' fees appropriate to the level of their contributions, taking into account factors such as the effort, time spent and responsibilities of the directors including but not limited to their appointments to the various board committees . the directors' fees of the independent directors and non-executive directors are subject to approval by shareholders at each agm.
each member of the rc abstains from deliberating on or making recommendations in respect of any proposed amounts to be paid by the company to him/her.
please refer to table d set out on page 48 for the percentage breakdown of remuneration of the directors for fy2020.
remuneration is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the directors to provide good stewardship of the company and key management personnel to successfully manage the company for the long term.
the company's remuneration policy is one that seeks to ensure that the remuneration offered is competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and disclosure on remuneration principle 8: the company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.
provision 8.1: the company discloses in its annual report the policy and criteria for setting remuneration, as well as names, amounts and breakdown of remuneration of: each individual director and the ceo; and at least the top five key management personnel who are not directors or the ceo in bands no wider than singapore dollar250,000 and in aggregate the total remuneration paid to these key management personnel.
the company's remuneration policy is one that seeks to ensure that the remuneration offered is competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate executive directors and key management personnel to achieve the company's business vision and create sustainable value for its stakeholders.
the remuneration policy adopted by the group for executive directors and key management personnel comprises a fixed component and a performance-related variable component.
the fixed component is in the form of a base salary.
the variable component is in the form of a bonus and depends on the relative performance of the company and the performance of each individual executive director and key management personnel, allowing for the alignment of their interests with that of shareholders.
executive director s will not receive additional directors' fees.
in reviewing and determining the remuneration packages of the executive directors and the key management personnel, the rc considers the executive directors' and key management personnel's responsibilities, skills, expertise and contribution to the group's performance when designing their respective remuneration packages.
an appropriate proportion of their remuneration is linked to individual and corporate performance and is aligned with the interests of shareholders.
the performance criteria used to assess the remuneration of executive director s and key management personnel is based on the profitability of the group, leadership, as well as the executive director's and key management personnel's compliance in all audit matters.
save for the ayondo's 2018 employee share option scheme “2018 ayondo esos” , there are currently no long-term incentives for the executive director and key management personnel.
the executive director's and key management personnel's short-term incentives namely the performance-related variable component are recommended by the rc and approved by the board.
provision 8.2 & 8.3: remuneration disclosure for fy2020, there was no performance bonus paid to the key management team, and no executive directors were in the company since the beginning of fy2020.
independent and non-executive directors receive fees; a basic fee plus additional fees for serving on board committees.
the board recommends fees appropriate to their contributions, considering effort, time spent, and responsibilities.
these fees are recommended by the remuneration committee rc and endorsed by the board for shareholder approval at each agm.
rc members abstain from deliberation or making recommendations on proposed payments.
a percentage breakdown of director and key management personnel remuneration for fy2020 is detailed in table d on page 48. due to the sensitivity and confidentiality of remuneration matters, the company does not disclose the exact remuneration details of each director and key management personnel.
however, remuneration is disclosed in bands of singapore dollar250,000 to provide a general overview.
the company discloses the names and remuneration of employees who are substantial shareholders, or immediate family members of a director, ceo, or substantial shareholder, whose remuneration exceeds singapore dollar100,000 during the year.
this is reported in bands no wider than singapore dollar100,000, clearly stating the employee’s relationship with the relevant director, ceo, or substantial shareholder.
for fy2020, no employee met this criteria.
the company's annual report discloses all forms of remuneration and other payments and benefits paid by the company and its subsidiaries to directors and key management personnel.
it also discloses details of employee share schemes.
refer to provision 8.1 and table d on page 48 for the group's remuneration policy, criteria, and details.
2018 ayondo esos save for the 2018 ayondo esos, there are currently no long-term incentives for executive directors and key management personnel.
the 2018 ayondo esos, adopted through shareholder resolutions on 23 february 2018, and administered by the rc, involves awarding options to subscribe for company shares at a certain price after achieving prescribed performance targets.
accountability and audit risk management and internal controls principle 9: the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
provision 9.1 the board determines the nature and extent of the significant risks which the company is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives and value creation.
the board sets up a board risk committee to specifically address this, if appropriate.
the board recognises the importance of maintaining a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders' interests and the group's assets.
the system is intended to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or loss, and to safeguard assets and ensure maintenance of proper accounting records, reliability of financial information, compliance with appropriate legislations, regulations and best practices, and the identification and containment of business risks.
while acknowledging their responsibilities for the system of internal controls, the board is aware that such a system is inherently designed to manage, rather than eliminate risks and therefore cannot provide an absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against occurrence of material errors, losses, poor judgement in decision-making, human errors, fraud or other irregularities.
the board has not set up a separate board risk committee as it has assessed that given the current composition of the board and management, it would be more efficient of this function to be subsumed under the audit and risk committee at present.
provision 9.2 the board requires and discloses in the company's annual report that it has received assurance from: a the ceo and the chief financial officer “cfo” that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the company's operations and finances; and b the ceo and other key management personnel who are responsible, regarding the adequacy and effectiveness of the company's risk management and internal control systems.
audit committee the board has received assurance from the interim ceo that in respect of fy2020, save for the matters highlighted under paragraph 2 of the section titled “other corporate governance matters - internal control matters” on page 35 of this annual report: a the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the company's operations and finances; and b the company's risk management and internal control systems are adequate and effective.
following the cessation of the last chief financial officer of the company in june 2019, the arc and the board has yet to appoint a replacement chief financial officer, taking into consideration that the group has ceased to have any operations since the disposal of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets limited in june 2019, and the insolvency proceedings of its overseas subsidiaries, namely, ayondo holding ag deregistered and ayondo gmbh in liquidation , and the financial conditions of the group.
the financial and accounting-related functions of the company has been outsourced to starlight advisory pte.
ltd., which provides assistance to the arc and the interim ceo on such matters.
principle 10: the board has an audit committee "ac" which discharges its duties objectively.
provision 10.1 the duties of the ac include: a reviewing the significant financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements of the company and any announcements relating to the company's financial performance; the arc meets at least on a quarterly basis to review the quarterly and full year results announcements of the group and the audited annual financial statements, sgxnet announcements and all related disclosures to shareholders before recommending the same to the board for approval.
in the process, the arc reviews significant accounting and reporting issues and recent regulatory announcements to understand the potential impact on the company's financials.
in the review of the financial statements for fy2020, the arc has discussed with the outsourced accountant starlight advisory pte ltd and external auditors foo kon tan llp the results of the statutory audit, the accounting practices adopted for the financial year, including accounting policies and accounting estimates.
b reviewing at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the company's internal controls and risk management systems; the arc evaluates on a yearly basis the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls including financial, operational, compliance and regulatory compliance of the group.
presently, the internal controls and risk management system still remain in place and sufficient for the group, given that the group has ceased to have any operations since the disposal of its key operating audit committee report c reviewing the assurance from the ceo and the cfo on the financial records and financial statements: the arc reviews on a yearly basis the assurance from the ceo and other key management personnel if any on the financial records and financial statements.
d making recommendations to the board on: proposals to shareholders on the appointment and removal of external auditors.
remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
the arc reviews the scope and results of the audit carried by the external auditors, the cost effectiveness of the audit and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.
table: fees paid to external auditor fy2020 fee type: audit fees, amount: singapore dollar80,000 fee type: non-audit fees, amount: singapore dollar5,000 table end.
the arc recommends to the board the proposals to be made to the shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
the arc undertook the review of the independence and objectivity of the external auditors through discussions with the external auditors as well as reviewing the non-audit fees paid to them, if any.
the arc is of the view that messrs foo kon tan llp is suitable for re-appointment and it has accordingly recommended to the board that messrs foo kon tan llp be nominated for re-appointment as external auditor of the company at the forthcoming agm.
the board and the arc are of the view that the company has complied with rule 712 and 715 read with 716 of the catalist rule in appointing its audit firms.
e reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and the company's internal audit function: the arc recognises the importance of reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and the company’s internal audit where applicable . the arc reviews the scope of the external auditors’ audit plan and the effectiveness of the results from the independent audit.
the arc also reviews the independence and objectivity of the external auditors as well as the group’s compliance with the catalist rules, the code, as well as interested person transactions and whistleblowing reports, if any.
in compliance with rule 1204 6 b of the catalist rules, the arc provision 10.2 the external auditor's independence and objectivity were reviewed annually by examining the nature and extent of non-audit services provided and fees paid.
the arc concluded that these did not affect the auditor's independence or objectivity.
the company has policies and procedures for handling concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters.
these concerns are safely raised, investigated, and followed up on.
the company publicly discloses and communicates its whistle-blowing policy and procedures to employees.
a whistle-blowing policy provides a channel for employees and external parties to raise concerns about improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to the arc chairman confidentially and in good faith.
procedures are accessible to company and subsidiary employees, allowing them to contact the arc chairman directly.
follow-up procedures are established, and whistle-blowers are assured that good-faith actions will not negatively impact their work or appraisals.
see table a pages 38-41 for details on the arc's composition and functions.
the audit committee ac comprises at least three non-executive directors, with a majority including the chair being independent.
at least two members, including the chair, possess recent and relevant accounting or related financial management expertise.
the audit and risk committee arc consists of three members: mr. foong daw ching chairman , dr. foo fatt kah, and ms. lam shiao ning.
two are independent directors, and one is a non-executive director.
the board confirms the members' qualifications to fulfill their responsibilities and functions, as defined in the terms of reference.
the arc meets at least four times annually.
the arc chairman and members possess relevant accounting or financial management expertise, as interpreted by the board.
they are kept informed of changes to accounting standards and financial reporting to ensure the company's financial statements accurately reflect its business activities.
provision 10.3 dr. foo fatt kah will retire due to rotation as per regulation 117 of the company's constitution at the forthcoming agm.
he will not seek re-election and will step down from the board after the agm.
consequently, he will also leave the audit and risk committee.
mr. tse man kit gilbert will replace him on the committee.
the ac does not include former partners or directors of the company.
provision 10.4: internal audit function the primary reporting line of the internal audit function is to the audit committee ac , which also decides on the appointment, termination, and remuneration of the head of the internal audit function.
the internal audit function has unfettered access to all the company's documents, records, properties, and personnel, including the ac, and has appropriate standing within the company.
the audit & risk committee arc approves the appointment, termination, evaluation, and fees of the internal auditors of the company.
if appointed, the internal auditors would report primarily to the chairman of the arc.
the internal auditors would be granted unfettered access to all the group's documents, records, properties, and personnel, including the arc, and accordingly would have appropriate standing within the group to perform its functions effectively and objectively.
for fy2020, the board and arc agreed that, as the group has ceased to have any operations since fy2019, it would not be meaningful to conduct an internal audit engagement.
the arc is cognizant that there remain key risks at the head office level which would require sufficient internal controls, including controls over expense approval, cash disbursements, and investments.
the arc and board, together with the interim ceo, will be taking direct oversight of these areas, and the company will consider the resumption of performing an internal audit engagement following the resumption of operating activities.
the external auditors' report to the arc on any control observations noted during the course of the audit and the auditors' recommendations.
provision 10.5: meetings with auditors the ac meets with the external auditors, and with the internal auditors, in each case without the presence of management, at least annually.
during fy2020, the arc met from time to time with foo kon tan llp being the company's external auditors at virtual meetings, in each case without the presence of management to review any related matters that might have arisen, at least once a year.
shareholder rights and engagement principle 11: the company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably to enable them to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company.
the company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position, and prospects.
provision 11.1: the company provides shareholders with the opportunity to participate effectively in and vote at general meetings of shareholders and informs them of the rules governing general meetings of shareholders.
shareholder meetings and voting procedures all shareholders will receive the company's annual report, circulars, and notice of general meetings.
at general meetings, shareholders are given the opportunity to voice their views and direct their questions to the directors and management relating to the company's business or performance.
the chairpersons of the arc, nc, and rc, as well as the external auditors, will be present to assist the directors in addressing any relevant queries raised by shareholders.
shareholders are also informed of the voting procedures prior to the commencement of voting by poll at such general meetings.
in line with safe-distancing measures and regulations imposed by the singapore government amidst the current covid-19 situation, the company strongly encourages shareholder participation in the forthcoming agm for fy2020, which will be held via electronic means pursuant to the covid-19 temporary measures alternative arrangements for meetings for companies, variable capital companies, business trusts, unit trusts, and debenture holders order 2020 the “alternative arrangements order” . resolutions are passed through a process of voting by electronic polling, and shareholders are entitled to vote in accordance with established voting rules and procedures.
the poll results in favor and against each resolution are presented during the agm.
instead of the regulatory requirements for the physical delivery of the notice of agm including where the notice of agm is published in local newspapers and the accompanying annual report and proxy form, the notice of agm this year is sent by electronic means under the alternative arrangements order i.e., no physical copies of the notice of agm and accompanying annual report and proxy form will be mailed to shareholders . the company has specified in the notice of agm the detailed information on attending the agm by electronic means, such as instructions to shareholders on how they may: participate to observe and/or listen to the agm proceedings access the annual report and proxy form submit their questions in advance of the agm electronically e.grams., via email vote by appointing the chairman of the agm as proxy and indicate how they wish to vote for, vote against, or abstain from voting on the resolutions.
provision 11.2: separate resolutions the company tables separate resolutions at general meetings of shareholders on each substantially separate issue unless the issues are interdependent and linked so as to form one significant proposal.
where resolutions are “bundled,” the company explains the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting.
provision 11.3: shareholder voting rights the company has separate resolutions for each distinct issue tabled for shareholders’ approval at general meetings, and they are generally not “bundled” or made inter-conditional on each other, including resolutions on the re-election of directors.
this ensures that shareholders are given the right to express their views and exercise their voting rights on each resolution separately.
where resolutions are “bundled,” the reasons and material implications for doing so will be provided in the annual report and related documents, including the notice of general meeting.
attendance at general meetings all directors attend general meetings of shareholders, and the external auditors are also present to address shareholders’ queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditors’ report.
directors’ attendance at such meetings held during the financial year is disclosed in the company’s annual report.
the chairpersons of the arc, rc, and nc have been and will be present at general meetings.
provision 11.4: absentia voting at general meetings of shareholders the company's constitution or other constitutive documents allows for absentia voting at general meetings of shareholders.
shareholders who are individuals may appoint up to two proxies to attend and vote on their behalf.
shareholders who are intermediaries such as banks and capital markets services licence holders providing custodial services may appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote on their behalf, provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such shareholder, should shareholders be unable to personally attend the meetings.
however, due to safe-distancing measures and regulations imposed by the singapore government amidst the covid-19 situation, shareholders were only allowed to view the live webcast for the forthcoming agm.
shareholders also had to appoint the chairman of the agm as their proxy and submit questions in advance.
provision 11.5: publication of minutes of general meetings the company publishes minutes of general meetings of shareholders on its corporate website as soon as practicable.
the minutes record substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders.
notes: due to the covid-19 situation in mid-2020 and subsequent periods, agms were conducted electronically.
information on attending the agm, voting, and submitting questions is available in the company's notice of agm dated 13 april 2021. the company's constitution does not currently allow for absentia voting, and implementation is pending resolution of security and integrity issues.
provision 11.6: dividend policy and communication to shareholders the company has a dividend policy and communicates it to shareholders.
the company does not have a fixed dividend policy at present.
the form, frequency, and amount of dividends will depend on the company's earnings, general financial condition, results of operations, capital requirement, cash flow, general business condition, development plans, and other factors as the directors may deem appropriate.
as the company was in a loss-making position in fy2020, the board has not declared any dividend for fy2020.
engagement with shareholders principle 12: the company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.
provision 12.1: the company provides avenues for communication between the board and all shareholders, and discloses in its annual report the steps taken to solicit and understand the views of shareholders.
the company primarily engages with shareholders through scheduled general meetings or announcements on major developments of the group via sgxnet from time to time.
general meetings are the principal opportunity for both the directors and shareholders to exchange views on the group's business.
the board encourages shareholders' participation at the company's general meetings to gather their views and address concerns.
however, due to the safe-distancing measures and regulations imposed by the singapore government amidst the covid-19 situation in the mid-year of 2020, the company has since then conducted its agm by electronic means under the alternative arrangements order.
shareholders are only able to attend the agm by observing and listening to the proceedings of the agm by electronic means.
in light of the alternative arrangements order, shareholders may submit questions relating to the business of the agm and other business-related matters to the company in advance, and the responses to questions from shareholders will then be posted on the sgxnet.
provision 12.2: investor relations policy the company has in place an investor relations policy which allows for an ongoing exchange of views so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders.
presently, the company does not have a formal investor relations policy or protocol in place or a dedicated investor relations team as the board is of the view that the current communication channels are sufficient and cost-effective.
however, the company is committed to maintaining and improving its level of corporate transparency of financial results and other pertinent information.
in line with the continuous disclosure obligations of the company pursuant to the catalist rules and the act, it is the board's policy to ensure that all shareholders are informed on a timely basis of every significant development that has an impact on the group through the sgxnet.
the company also does not practice selective disclosure of material information.
the board's policy is that all shareholders should be informed simultaneously in an accurate and comprehensive manner regarding all material developments that impact the group via sgxnet on a timely basis, in line with the group's disclosure obligations pursuant to the catalist rules and the act.
the company's quarterly financial results, circulars and annual reports are announced via the sgxnet within the stipulated period.
shareholders with questions may also contact the company by mail to the company's registered office address as stated in the corporate information section of this annual report.
provision 12.3: shareholder communication mechanism the company's investor relations policy sets out the mechanism through which shareholders may contact the company with questions and through which the company may respond to such questions.
please refer to the group's practices as set out under provision 12.2. managing stakeholders relationships engagement with stakeholders principle 13: the board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.
provision 13.1: stakeholder engagement the company has arrangements in place to identify and engage with its material stakeholder groups and to manage its relationships with such groups.
the company recognises the importance of close collaboration with its key stakeholders such as employees, investors and media, suppliers and service providers, customers, and etc., in order to achieve sustainable there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images other than the text itself.
provision 13.2 the company discloses in its annual report its strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships during the reporting period.
the company has identified stakeholders as those who are impacted by the group's business and operations as well as those who have a material impact on the group's business and operations.
such stakeholders include employees, suppliers, regulators, community, shareholders and investors.
during fy2020, the company engaged its stakeholders, in particular shareholders and regulators through meetings, company announcements via sgxnet and emails where queries are directed to the company or its sponsor via emails , to keep them updated as to the developments affecting the group.
provision 13.3 the company maintains a current corporate website to communicate and engage with stakeholders.
the company has ceased to have any operations since the disposal of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets limited in june 2019, and the insolvency proceedings of its overseas subsidiaries, namely, ayondo holding ag deregistered and ayondo gmbh in liquidation , and given the financial condition of the group, the company no longer maintains its corporate website.
however, stakeholders can contact the company by mail to the company's registered office address as stated in the corporate information section of this annual report.
1. material contracts catalist rule 1204 8 as set out in the company's announcements dated 22 august 2019 and 4 december 2019, and the company's circular dated 17 february 2020 “cn circular” , the company had entered into, among others, a convertible note agreement with golden nugget jinzhuan limited “gn” the “cn3” , pursuant to which the company agreed to issue, and gn agreed to subscribe for convertible notes of up to singapore dollar8.1 million in principal amount the "cn3 agreement” , subject to the terms and conditions of such agreement.
the salient terms of the cn3 agreement are summarised as follows: interest: the cn3 shall bear simple interest at the maximum rate of 12% per annum, accruing from the date of issue of each relevant tranche up to the date such cn3 is repaid or converted.
the accrued interest on the cn3 will be payable upon the cn3 maturity date as defined below , or on the date of the conversion, redemption or repayment of the cn3 as the case may be . maturity date: each tranche of the cn3 will mature on the date falling three 3 years from the date of issue of the respective tranches of cn3, or such date as gn may agree with the company in writing the "cn3 maturity date" . repayment of the notes: if gn does not exercise its option to convert the cn3 on the cn3 maturity date, the principal amount and accrued interest of each tranche of cn3 shall be repaid by the company within thirty 30 business days after the relevant cn3 maturity date.
save for the above, there are no material contracts entered into by the company or any director or controlling shareholder of the company, either still subsisting at the end of fy2020 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year.
2. internal control matters catalist rule 1204 10 following the disposal of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets limited since june 2019, and the insolvency proceedings of its overseas subsidiaries in switzerland and germany, namely, ayondo holding ag deregistered and ayondo gmbh in liquidation , the group has ceased to have any operations.
as at the date of this annual report, based on the feedback received from foo kon tan llp being the external auditors of the company , the reviews performed by the interim ceo and the various board committees, the board, with the concurrence of the arc, is of the view that the group's internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management systems were reasonably adequate and effective as at 31 december 2020. internal controls and risk management systems still remain in place and is sufficient for the group, given that the group has ceased to have any operations, until a new business is injected into the company, there are minimal business and internal controls risks arising to be dealt with.
3. interested person transactions catalist rule 1204 17 the company is required to comply with the requisite rules under chapter 9 of the catalist rule issued by sgx-st for interested person transactions.
to ensure compliance with chapter 9, the company has implemented a set of procedures for the identification of interested persons and the recording of interested person transactions to be reviewed by the arc.
the main objective is to ensure that all interested person transactions are conducted on an arm's length basis and on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of the company and its minority shareholders.
the company monitors all its interested person transactions which are subject to review by the arc on a quarterly basis, if any.
in addition, such interested person transactions will also be subject to shareholders' approval, if required under chapter 9 of the catalist rules.
the company has not entered into any interested person transaction with aggregate value of more than singapore dollar100,000 during fy2020 pursuant to rule 907 of the catalist rules.
4. dealings in securities catalist rule 1204 19 in compliance with rule 1204 19 , the group has adopted a code of best practice to provide guidance to the company, its directors and officers and all staff of the group with regards to dealing in the company’s securities.
the company, its directors, officers and all staff of the group and their associates are prohibited from dealing in the company’s securities on short-term considerations and when they are in possession of price-sensitive information which is not publicly available.
they are not allowed to deal in the company’s securities during the period commencing two 2 weeks before the announcement of the company’s financial statements for each of the first three 3 quarters of its financial year and one month before the announcement of the company’s full year financial statements, and ending on the date of announcement of those results.
5. non-sponsor fees catalist rule 1204 21 no non-sponsor fees were paid to the company’s sponsor, uob kay hian private limited in fy2020.
6. update on use of proceeds catalist rule 1204 22 as at the date of this annual report, the company had raised proceeds from the convertible notes of approximately singapore dollar2.9 million.
as at the date of this annual report, the company had utilized the proceeds raised from the convertible notes “notes” as follows: table: use of proceeds from convertible notes use of proceeds: repayment of loans and outstanding payments owing by the group, amount allocated as disclosed in the cn circular thousands of singapore dollars : 2,430, amount raised as at the date of this annual report thousands of singapore dollars : 417, amount utilized as at the date of this annual report thousands of singapore dollars : 410, balance of net proceeds as at the date of this annual report thousands of singapore dollars : 7 table end.
financial data: use of proceeds table: use of proceeds in thousands category: payments for costs and expenses relating to the notes, 2022: 41, 2021: 19, 2020: 19, 2019: - category: general working capital , 2022: 4,997, 2021: 2,081, 2020: 2,069, 2019: 12 category: business expansion investments, acquisitions, joint ventures , 2022: 2,430, 2021: 361, 2020: 331, 2019: 30 category: total , 2022: 9,898 , 2021: 2,878 , 2020: 2,829 , 2019: 49 table end.
note: the use of proceeds for general working capital is mainly for staff salary, accounting service fees, audit fees, sponsor fees, legal and professional fees.
sustainability reporting the company will not be issuing its sustainability report for fy2020 as the group has ceased to have any operations since the disposal of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets limited in june 2019, and the insolvency proceedings of its subsidiaries, namely ayondo holding ag deregistered and ayondo gmbh in liquidation . as the sustainability reporting involves comprehensive reporting both financial and non-financial information to key stakeholders on the group’s material environmental, social and governance esg , the company is of the view that the sustainability report in respect of fy2020 would not be meaningful nor indicative of the company’s current circumstances.
currently, the company has only one employee, namely, mr dominic anthony morris being chief technology officer cum interim ceo and the company is focusing its resources and efforts on the completion of the reverse takeover exercise the “rto” announced by it on 30 july 2020. as such, the company has insufficient resources to support the sustainability report for fy2020 and there would also be little benefit to the company to issue or its shareholders to receive a sustainability report prior to the completion of the rto.
table a board comprises: name of current directors foo fatt kah non-executive director tse man kit gilbert non-executive director foong daw ching lead independent director lam shiao ning independent director the primary functions of the board include: a provide entrepreneurial leadership, set strategic objectives and ensure that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the company to meet its objectives; b establish a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risks to be assessed and managed, including safeguarding of shareholders' interests and the group's assets; c review management performance; d identify the key stakeholder groups and recognise that their perceptions affect the company's reputation; e set the company's values and standards including ethical standards , and ensure that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and met; and f consider sustainability issues, e.grams. environmental and social factors, as part of its strategic formulation.
the board's approval is also required on matters such as major funding proposals, investment and divestment proposals, major acquisitions and disposals, corporate or financial restructuring, share issuance and dividends.
these functions are carried out either by the board or through committees established by the board, namely the audit and risk committee, the nominating committee and the remuneration committee.
the delegation of authority by the board to the board committees enables the board to achieve operational efficiency by empowering these board committees to decide on matters within their respective written terms of reference.
each board committee has its own terms of reference setting out the scope of its duties and responsibilities, the rules and regulations and procedures governing the manner in which it is to operate and how decisions are to be taken.
audit and risk committee comprises: name of current members foong daw ching chairman, independent dr foo fatt kah member lam shiao ning member, independent the arc performs the following main functions: a review the audit quality indicators “aqi” and audit plans of the external auditors, including the results of the external and internal auditors' examination and their evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls, their letter to the management and the management's response; b monitor and review the implementation of the auditor's recommendations for the internal control weaknesses identified in the auditors' letter to the management; c review the quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial statements and balance sheet and profit and loss accounts before submission to the board for approval, focusing in particular on changes in accounting policies and practices, major risk areas, significant adjustments resulting from the audit, compliance with accounting standards and compliance with the listing manual, the catalist rules and any other relevant statutory or regulatory requirements.
d review the risk profile of the company, its internal control and risk management procedures and the appropriate steps to be taken to address and manage risks at acceptable levels determined by the board.
e ensure co-ordination between the external and internal auditors and the management, and review the assistance given by the management to the auditors, and discuss problems and concerns, if any, arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss in the absence of the management, where necessary . f review and discuss with the external auditors any suspected fraud or irregularity, or suspected infringement of any relevant laws, rules or regulations, which has or is likely to have a material impact on the operating results or financial position, and the management’s response.
grams consider the appointment, remuneration, terms of engagement or re-appointment of the external and internal auditors and matters relating to the resignation or dismissal of the auditors.
h review and approve any interested person transactions falling within the scope of chapter 9 of the catalist rules.
i review potential conflicts of interest if any . j evaluate the independence of the external auditors.
k review the adequacy of the internal audit function and ensure that a clear reporting structure is in place between the audit and risk committee and the internal auditors.
l review the hedging carried out by the company and review and approve the hedging policies which have been implemented by the company.
meter review procedures and policies of the company for the purposes of internal accounting controls.
n review arrangements by which the company’s staff may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible impropriety in matters of financial reporting and other matters and the adequacy of procedures for independent investigation and appropriate follow-up action in response to such complaints.
o review the effectiveness of the proposed safeguards on a regular basis to prevent future breaches of the relevant rules and regulation by the group.
p in relation to risk assessment: i keep under review the group’s overall risk assessment processes that inform the board’s decision making.
ii review regularly the effectiveness of the risk management policies adopted by the group.
iii review regularly and approve the parameters used in these measures and the methodology adopted.
iv set a process for the accurate and timely monitoring of large exposures and certain risk types of critical importance.
v review reports on any material breaches of risk limits and adequacy of proposed action.
vi oversee the scope and nature of work undertaken by the risk committee formed by nominating committee the nominating committee comprises: lam shiao ning chairman, independent foong daw ching member, independent tse man kit gilbert member the responsibilities of the nominating committee, based on the written terms of reference, are as follows: a reviewing and recommending the nomination or re-nomination of the directors, having regard to each director's contribution and performance.
b determining the composition of the board, taking into account the future requirements of the company, the need for diversity in regard to the board composition and other considerations as set out in the code.
c determining annually, and as and when circumstance require, whether or not a director is independent.
d deciding whether or not a director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/her duties as a director.
e assessing the effectiveness of the board as a whole and the contribution of each director to the effectiveness of the board.
f reviewing and approving any new employment of related persons and the proposed terms of their employment.
grams reviewing the training and professional development programmes for the board.
h reviewing the succession plans for the executive directors and key management personnel.
i in respect of a director who has multiple board representations on various companies, if any, to review and decide whether or not such director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his duties as director, having regard to the competing time commitments that are faced by the director when serving on multiple boards and discharging his duties towards other principal commitment.
j undertaking such other functions and duties as may be required by statute of the act, the rules of catalist and the code, or by such amendments as may be made thereto from time to time.
each member of the nominating committee shall abstain from voting on any resolutions in respect of his re-nomination as director.
remuneration committee content about the remuneration committee is not provided in the image name of current members foong daw ching chairman, independent lam shiao ning member, independent tse man kit gilbert member the functions of the remuneration committee rc are as follows: a review and recommend to the board a general framework of remuneration for the board, and the specific framework of remuneration packages for each director, ceo if ceo is not a director , and key management personnel, and submit such recommendations for endorsement by the entire board.
b function as the committee referred to in the employee share option scheme the "scheme" and shall have all the powers as set out in the scheme.
c review all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards, and benefits-in-kind.
as part of its review, the rc shall take into consideration the following factors: i the remuneration packages should be comparable within the industry and in comparable companies and shall include a performance-related element coupled with appropriate and meaningful measures of assessing individual directors' and key management personnel's performance.
a significant and appropriate proportion of executive directors' and key management personnel's remuneration should be structured so as to link rewards to corporate and individual performance.
ii the remuneration packages of employees related to executive directors, ceo if ceo is not a director , and substantial or controlling shareholders of the group are in line with the group's staff remuneration guidelines and commensurate with their respective job scopes and levels of responsibility.
iii the level and structure of remuneration should be aligned with the long-term interests and risk policies of the company and the code.
iv the company's obligations arising in the event of termination of the executive directors and key management personnel's contracts of service, to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses.
d undertake such other functions and duties as may be required by statute of the act, the rules of catalist and the code, or by such amendments as may be made thereto from time to time.
the rc ensures that a formal and transparent procedure is in place for fixing the remuneration packages of each individual director and key management personnel of the group.
the recommendations of the rc are submitted for endorsement by the board.
each member of the rc shall abstain from voting on any resolution in respect of his or her own remuneration package.
table b: attendance at board, board committees and general meetings for fy2020 name of directors: foo fatt kah, no.
of meetings held as a director: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings held while as a member: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings held while as a member: n/a, no.
of meetings attended: n/a, attended while as a director: ✓, attended while as a director: ✓ name of directors: foong daw ching, no.
of meetings held as a director: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings held while as a member: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings held while as a member: 1, no.
of meetings attended: 1, attended while as a director: ✓, attended while as a director: ✓ name of directors: lam shiao ning, no.
of meetings held as a director: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings held while as a member: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings held while as a member: 1, no.
of meetings attended: 1, attended while as a director: ✓, attended while as a director: ✓ name of directors: tse man kit gilbert, no.
of meetings held as a director: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings held while as a member: n/a, no.
of meetings attended: n/a, no.
of meetings held while as a member: 1, no.
of meetings attended: 1, attended while as a director: ✓, attended while as a director: ✓ table end.
notes: n/a - not applicable as he is not a member of the respective board committees.
the board and board committees' meetings held on february 2020 and extraordinary general meeting of the company held on 3 march 2020 were conducted through physical means.
the board of directors and audit and risk committee meetings of the company held on may, august and november 2020 were conducted through electronic means, in line with the safe-distancing measures and regulations imposed by the singapore government amidst coronavirus disease covid-19 transmission risks.
the annual general meeting in respect of the financial year ended 31 december 2019 of the company held on 17 august 2020 was conducted through electronic means pursuant to the covid-19 temporary measures alternative arrangements for meetings for companies, variable capital companies, business trusts, unit trusts and debenture holders order 2020. table c ms lam shiao ning is the director seeking re-election as a director of the company, pursuant to regulation 117 of the company's constitution respectively, at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company under ordinary resolution no.
2 as set out in the notice of agm dated 13 april 2021 collectively, the “retiring directors” and each a “retiring director” . pursuant to catalist rule 720 5 , the information on the retiring directors as set out in appendix 7f to the catalist rule is set out below: table: director information - lam shiao ning name of directors: date of appointment, lam shiao ning: 22 february 2018 name of directors: date of last re-appointment if applicable , lam shiao ning: 28 june 2019 name of directors: age, lam shiao ning: 47 name of directors: country of principal residence, lam shiao ning: singapore name of directors: the board's comments on this appointment including rationale, selection criteria, and the search and nomination process , lam shiao ning: the board, having considered the recommendation of the nominating committee and assessed ms lam shiao ning's overall contributions and performance, is of the view that she is suitable for re-appointment as independent director of the company.
the board considers ms lam shiao ning to be independent for the purposes of rule 704 7 of listing manual section b: rule of catalist of the singapore exchange securities trading limited.
name of directors: whether appointment is executive, lam shiao ning: non-executive name of directors: job title e.grams. lead id, ac chairman, ac member etc. , lam shiao ning: independent director nominating committee chairman audit and risk committee member remuneration committee member name of directors: professional qualifications if any , lam shiao ning: advocate and solicitor of the supreme court of singapore barrister-at-law inner template , england & wales diploma in financial management acca table end.
name of directors name of directors: any relationship including immediate family relationship with any existing director, executive officer, the issuer and/or substantial shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal subsidiaries, lam shiao ning: nil name of directors: conflict of interest including any competing business , lam shiao ning: nil name of directors: working experience and occupation s during the past 10 years, lam shiao ning: april 2020 – present: managing director, rubicon law llc march 2016 – march 2020: partner, oon & bazul llp june 2007 – february 2016: director, drew & napier llc 2005 – present: senior teaching fellow, singapore institute of legal education, board of legal education name of directors: undertaking submitted to the listed issuer in the form of appendix 7h catalist rule 704 6 , lam shiao ning: yes name of directors: shareholding interest in the listed issuer and its subsidiaries, lam shiao ning: ms lam shiao ning holds 100,000 ordinary shares in the company.
other principal commitments including directorships past for the last 5 years directorships: other principal commitments, nil: drew & napier llc – director oon & bazul llp - partner table end.
present directorships: other principal commitments, rubicon law llc th chia medical practice pte.
ltd.: rubicon law llc – managing director table end.
name of directors lam shiao ning disclose the following matters concerning an appointment of director, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, general manager or other officer of equivalent rank.
if the answer to any question is “yes”, full details must be given.
a whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
no b whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity not being a partnership of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
no c whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?
no d whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such purpose?
no e whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such breach?
no f whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been entered against him in any civil proceedings in singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?
no name of directors grams whether he has ever been convicted in singapore or elsewhere of any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?
lam shiao ning no h whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director or an equivalent person of any entity including the trustee of a business trust , or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?
no disclose the following matters concerning an appointment of director, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, general manager or other officer of equivalent rank.
if the answer to any question is “yes”, full details must be given.
cont'd i whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
no j whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the management or conduct, in singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of :- i any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in singapore or elsewhere; or yes.
see explanatory notes set out on page 47 of this annual report for full details.
ii any entity not being a corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in singapore or elsewhere; or no iii any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in singapore or elsewhere; or no iv any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, no in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
name of directors k whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the monetary authority of singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in singapore or elsewhere?
lam shiao ning: , yes.
see explanatory notes set out on page 47 of this annual report for full details.: table end.
disclosure applicable to the appointment of director only.
: any prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the exchange?
, : not applicable as this is a re-election of director.
: please provide details of relevant experience and the nominating committee's reasons for not requiring the director to undergo training as prescribed by the exchange if applicable , : not applicable as this is a re-election of director.
explanatory notes: 1 in march 2020, the company and some of its existing and former directors including ms lam shiao ning “ms lam” received a private show-cause letter “letter” , respectively, from the singapore exchange regulation “sgx regco” to make representations for potential breaches of the listing rules of the sgx-st the “show cause” . as at the date of this annual report, there is no outcome on the show cause.
2 in september 2020, the company received an order from the market conduct investigations enforcement department of monetary authority of singapore the “authority” pursuant to section 20 of the criminal procedure code chapter 68 requiring the company to provide certain information and documents in relation to an investigation into a possible offence under the securities and futures act chapter 289 the “investigation” . 3 certain directors including ms lam, attended interviews conducted by the authority in conjunction with the commercial affairs department in relation to the investigation.
as at the date of this annual report, the investigation is still ongoing and remain confidential and no charges have been made against any person or entity.
there are also no restrictions or conditions imposed by the authority on each of the directors who has attended the interviews with the authority and no travel documents were required to be retained by the authority.
4 with reference to the guidance provided in practice note 7a of the catalist rules, the nominating committee “nc” excluding ms lam and the board excluding ms lam have assessed the show cause and the investigation and are of the view that ms lam remains suitable to continue as director of the company, given that both show cause and investigation are still ongoing, and no charges have been brought against ms lam.
the nc and the board under the guidance of the sponsor, will re-assess its position and the suitability of ms lam to continue as director of the company as and when there is any basis to do so, and when further information / outcome is available from sgx regco and the authority, respectively.
table d: remuneration of directors and key management personnel fy2020 the tables below show the remuneration bands of the directors and key management personnel of the company, who are not directors, as well as the approximate percentage breakdown of the remuneration during fy2020.
a remuneration of directors of the company table: remuneration of directors up to singapore dollar250,000 name of director: foo fatt kah, salary % : -, bonus % : -, directors' fees % : 100, allowance and other benefits % : -, total % : 100 name of director: tse man kit gilbert, salary % : -, bonus % : -, directors' fees % : 100, allowance and other benefits % : -, total % : 100 name of director: foong daw ching, salary % : -, bonus % : -, directors' fees % : 100, allowance and other benefits % : -, total % : 100 name of director: lam shiao ning, salary % : -, bonus % : -, directors' fees % : 100, allowance and other benefits % : -, total % : 100 table end.
b remuneration of key management personnel table: remuneration of key management personnel up to singapore dollar250,000 name: dominic anthony morris, salary % : 100, bonus % : -, directors' fees % : -, allowance and other benefits % : -, total % : 100 table end.
the salary amount shown is inclusive of central provident fund “cpf” , if applicable, all fees other than directors' fees and other emoluments.
there were no terminations, retirement, or post-employment benefits granted to directors and key management personnel in fy2020.
no shares have been issued under the 2018 ayondo esos during fy2020.
c remuneration of employee related to director or ceo there was no employee of the group who is an immediate family member of any director or the executive director and ceo whose remuneration exceeds singapore dollar100,000 in fy2020.
financial contents - directors' statement 50 - independent auditor's report 54 - statements of financial position 58 - statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 59 - statement of changes in equity 61 - statement of cash flows 62 - notes to the financial statements 64 directors' statement for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 during the financial year ended 31 december 2019, the company disposed of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets limited, and placed the remaining subsidiaries under liquidation.
the group consists of the company.
having either disposed of or lost control over all its subsidiaries, only the company remains in the group as at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020. the directors submit this statement to the members together with the audited financial statements of ayondo ltd.
the “company” for the financial year ended 31 december 2020. in our opinion: a the financial statements of the company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the company as at 31 december 2020 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the company for the financial year ended on that date in accordance with the provisions of the singapore companies act, chapter 50 and singapore financial reporting standards international ; and b at the date of this statement, having regard to the information as disclosed in note 2 a to the financial statements, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.
names of directors the directors in office at the date of this report are: foo fatt kah foong daw ching lam shiao ning tse man kit gilbert arrangements to enable directors to acquire shares or debentures neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the company a party to any arrangement whose objects were, or one of the objects was, to enable the directors of the company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisitions of shares in, or debentures of the company or of any other corporate body other than as disclosed in this statement.
directors' interest in shares or debentures according to the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the company under section 164 of the companies act, chapter 50, the following directors who held office at the end of the financial year had no interests in the shares or debentures of the company and its related corporations, except as follows: table: directors' shareholdings director: foo fatt kah, direct interest as at 1.1.2020 : 6,688,057, direct interest as at 31.12.2020 : 6,688,057, deemed interest as at 1.1.2020 : 44,514,009 1 , deemed interest as at 31.12.2020 : 44,514,009 1 director: foong daw ching, direct interest as at 1.1.2020 : 150,000, direct interest as at 31.12.2020 : 150,000, deemed interest as at 1.1.2020 : -, deemed interest as at 31.12.2020 : - director: lam shiao ning, direct interest as at 1.1.2020 : 100,000, direct interest as at 31.12.2020 : 100,000, deemed interest as at 1.1.2020 : -, deemed interest as at 31.12.2020 : - table end.
1 note: further details may be available in the full report directors' statement directors' statement for the financial year ended 31 december 2020. details regarding directors' interest in shares or debentures continued . notes: 1. foo fatt kah is a director and shareholder of luminor capital pte.
ltd., the fund manager of luminor pacific fund 2 ltd.
luminor pacific fund 2 ltd manages luminor pacific fund 2 ltd on a discretionary basis.
by virtue of section 4 of the sfa, foo fatt kah is deemed interested in the 44,514,009 shares of the company held by luminor pacific fund 2 ltd.
there are no changes to the above shareholdings as at 21 january 2021. share options no options were granted during the financial year to take up unissued shares of the company or its subsidiaries.
no shares were issued during the financial year by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the company or its subsidiaries.
there were no unissued shares of the company or its subsidiaries under option at the end of the financial year.
ayondo employee share option scheme in conjunction with the company's listing on the catalist board of singapore exchange securities trading limited, the company has adopted the ayondo employee share option scheme “esos” , which was approved by members of the company on 23 february 2019. the esos is administered by the remuneration committee of the company, comprising mr foong daw ching, mr tse man kit gilbert, and ms lam shiao ning.
no share options have been awarded pursuant to the esos during the financial year.
table: share options outstanding as at 31 december 2020 expiry date: 9 december 2024, exercise price $ : 0.215, number of options: 3,780,000 expiry date: 31 december 2024, exercise price $ : 0.215, number of options: 17,679,600 expiry date: 30 march 2025, exercise price $ : 0.251, number of options: 810,000 expiry date: 10 february 2026, exercise price $ : 0.259, number of options: 3,780,000 expiry date: 31 march 2026, exercise price $ : 0.215, number of options: 270,000 expiry date: 2 august 2026, exercise price $ : 0.003, number of options: 540,000 exercise price $ : 0.003, number of options: 891,000 exercise price $ : 0.251, number of options: 2,700,000 exercise price $ : 0.259, number of options: 270,000 expiry date: total , number of options: 30,720,600 table end.
$ denotes singapore dollars.
directors' statement for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 share options cont'd ayondo employee share option scheme cont'd since the commencement of the share option plans till the end of the financial year: no options have been granted to the controlling shareholders of the company and their associates.
no options that entitle the holder to participate, by virtue of the options, in any share issue of any other corporation have been granted.
the following former employees have received 5% or more of the total options outstanding under the plans.
table: share options granted to former employees name of former employees: thomas winkler, options granted during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options granted since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: 9,244,800, aggregate options exercised since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options lapsed during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options outstanding as at 31.12.2020: 9,244,800 name of former employees: robert lempka, options granted during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options granted since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: 10,864,800, aggregate options exercised since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options lapsed during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options outstanding as at 31.12.2020: 10,864,800 name of former employees: edward drake, options granted during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options granted since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: 3,780,000, aggregate options exercised since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options lapsed during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options outstanding as at 31.12.2020: 3,780,000 name of former employees: raza perez, options granted during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options granted since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: 3,591,000, aggregate options exercised since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options lapsed during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options outstanding as at 31.12.2020: 3,591,000 name of former employees: total , options granted during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options granted since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: 27,480,600, aggregate options exercised since commencement of plan to 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options lapsed during the financial year ended 31.12.2020: -, aggregate options outstanding as at 31.12.2020: 27,480,600 table end.
audit and risk management committee the audit and risk management committee during the financial year and at the date of this statement comprises the following members: foong daw ching: chairman, independent non-executive director foo fatt kah: non-independent non-executive director lam shiao ning: independent non-executive director the audit risk management committee reviews the company's statutory financial statements, and the independent auditor's report thereon, with the auditor.
the audit risk management committee may examine any aspect of the company's financial affairs it deems appropriate and also reviews the company's internal controls over its internal and external exposures to risks including operational, credit, market, legal and regulatory risks.
it will keep under review the company's system of accounting and internal financial controls, for which the directors are responsible.
the audit and risk management committee has full access to, and the co-operation of the company's management and has full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to its meetings.
the auditor will have unrestricted access to the audit and risk management committee.
the audit and risk management committee has reasonable resources available to enable it to discharge its functions properly and may require the company to appoint third parties to undertake independent audits of specific areas as it deems appropriate.
directors' statement for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 independent auditor the independent auditor, foo kon tan llp, public accountants and chartered accountants, has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment.
on behalf of the board of directors foo fatt kah foong daw ching dated: 13 april 2021 there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
independent auditor's report to the shareholders of ayondo ltd.
report on the audit of the financial statements disclaimer of opinion we were engaged to audit the financial statements of ayondo ltd.
the “company” , which comprise the statement of financial position of the company as at 31 december 2020, and the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows of the company for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
we do not express an opinion on the accompanying financial statements of the company.
because of the significance of the matters described in the basis for disclaimer of opinion section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial statements.
basis for disclaimer of opinion 1 going concern assumption note 2 a to the financial statements the company reported a net loss of $1,686,000 and has net operating cash outflows of $828,000 for the financial year ended 31 december 2020. as at 31 december 2020, the company had a deficit in equity of $3,635,000 and net current liabilities of $2,910,000 and cash at bank of $25,000.
the trading of the company's shares has been suspended since february 2019. subsequent to disposal and commencement of liquidation of subsidiaries in the financial year ended 31 december 2019, the company has not embarked on any new business ventures.
the abovementioned conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern.
on 13 april 2020, the company entered into a non-binding term sheet with an investor in relation to the proposed acquisition of the entire equity interest in rich glory international investment limited by the company the “proposed acquisition” . the proposed acquisition, if undertaken and completed, is expected to result in a “reverse take-over” of the company and is subject to, inter alia, the approval of shareholders of the company at an extraordinary general meeting to be convened and the approval of the sgx-st.
as at 31 december 2020, professional works on the proposed acquisition are on-going.
the ability of the company to continue as a going concern depends on the holder of convertible note 3's “cn3” note 10 continued support in subscribing for further tranches of cn3 at its discretion.
as at 31 december 2020, the company had issued first tranche of cn3 of $675,000.
on 19 january 2021, 5 march 2021 and 31 march 2021, the company issued the second, third and fourth tranche of cn3 for total proceeds of $405,000.
we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence on the holder of cn3's continuing support in subscribing for further tranches of cn3.
consequently, we were unable to form a view as to whether the going concern basis of presentation of these financial statements is appropriate.
independent auditor's report to the members of ayondo ltd.
cont'd basis for disclaimer of opinion cont'd 1 going concern assumption note 2 a to the financial statements cont'd if the company is unable to continue as a going concern, the company may be unable to discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business, and adjustments may have to be made to reflect the situation that assets may need to be realised other than in the normal course of business and at amounts which could differ significantly from the amounts at which they are currently recorded in the statements of financial position.
in addition, the company may have to provide for further liabilities that might arise, and may need to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities, respectively.
no such adjustments have been made to the financial statements.
2 other payables note 12 to the financial statements at 31 december 2019, other payables of $1,662,000 included accruals of approximately $402,000 equivalent to chf288,000 which were not supported by evidence that underlying services had been received by the company.
as we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to satisfy ourselves as to the existence, completeness, accuracy, rights and obligations in respect of the liabilities as at 31 december 2019 and the profit or loss of continuing operations for the year ended 31 december 2019, our opinion on the financial statements for the prior financial year ended 31 december 2019 was modified accordingly.
during the financial year ended 31 december 2020, the $402,000 was addressed as follows: an amount $106,000 was substantiated with supporting documentation; and the remaining balance of $296,000 was recorded as prior year adjustments note 25 to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2019 following management's assessment that the underlying liabilities did not exist on initial recognition during the prior financial year.
we are, however, unable to determine if the underlying liabilities should have been adjusted in opening balances at 1 january 2020, or at 1 january 2019 and prior.
independent auditor's report to the members of ayondo ltd.
cont'd responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the act and sfrs i s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.
in preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
the directors' responsibilities include overseeing the company's financial reporting process.
independent auditor's report to the members of ayondo ltd.
cont'd auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements our responsibility is to conduct an audit of the company's financial statements in accordance with singapore standards on auditing and to issue an auditor's report.
however, because of the matters described in the basis of disclaimer of opinion section of our report, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial statements.
we are independent of the company in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority "acra" code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities "acra code" together with ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
report on other legal and regulatory requirements in our opinion, except for the significance of the matters referred to in the basis of disclaimer of opinion section of our report, the accounting and other records required by the act to be kept by the company have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the act.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is toh kim teck.
foo kon tan llp public accountants and chartered accountants singapore, dated: 13 april 2021 statements of financial position as at 31 december 2020 the company note: assets note: non-current note: current note: equity note: capital and reserves note: liabilities note: non-current note: current table end.
the annexed notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 continuing operations item: revenue item: other income, note: 14, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 43, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 659 item: employee benefit expense, note: 15, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 134 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 107 item: other operating expenses, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,298 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 2,128 item: total operating expenses and operating loss , note: 16, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,389 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 1,576 item: finance costs, note: 16, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 297 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 181 item: loss from continuing operations, before taxation , note: 16, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 1,757 item: income tax expense, note: 17, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : - item: loss from continuing operations, after taxation , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 1,757 table end.
discontinued operations item: gain on disposal of subsidiary, note: 16, 18, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 24,220 item: gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries arising from liquidation, note: 16, 18, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 3,421 item: loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, note: 18, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 4,634 item: profit from discontinued operations, after taxation , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 23,007 table end.
item: loss /profit for the year, net of tax , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 21,250 item: loss /profit for the year, net of tax, attributable to: item: equity holders of the company, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 21,279 item: non-controlling interests, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 29 item: total comprehensive loss /income for the year, net of tax , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 21,435 table end.
the annexed notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income cont'd table: loss /earnings per share for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 and 2019 category: loss /earnings per share category: from continuing operations, note: 19 category: - basic, year ended 31 december 2020 $ : 0.003 , year ended 31 december 2019 $ : 0.003 category: - diluted, year ended 31 december 2020 $ : 0.003 , year ended 31 december 2019 $ : 0.003 category: from discontinued operations, year ended 31 december 2020 $ : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $ : 0.045 category: - basic, year ended 31 december 2020 $ : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $ : 0.045 category: - diluted, year ended 31 december 2020 $ : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $ : 0.045 category: from both continuing and discontinued operations category: - basic, year ended 31 december 2020 $ : 0.003 , year ended 31 december 2019 $ : 0.042 category: - diluted, year ended 31 december 2020 $ : 0.003 , year ended 31 december 2019 $ : 0.042 table end.
the annexed notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.
statement of changes in equity for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 the company table: statement of changes in equity item: at 1 january 2019, share capital $'000 : 44,393, merger reserve $'000 : 70,705, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : 185, employee share option reserve $'000 : 4,170, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : 4,416 , accumulated losses $'000 : 128,179 , equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 21,279, non-controlling interests $'000 : 13,142 , total equity $'000 : 13,203 item: profit for year, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : 185, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 21,279, non-controlling interests $'000 : 29 , total equity $'000 : 21,250 item: other comprehensive income, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : 185 , employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : 54,137, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 12,152 , non-controlling interests $'000 : 90, total equity $'000 : 12,062 item: foreign currency translation, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : 70,705 , foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : -, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 12,152 , non-controlling interests $'000 : 90, total equity $'000 : 12,062 item: deconsolidation of subsidiaries, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : -, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 12,152 , non-controlling interests $'000 : 90, total equity $'000 : 12,062 item: other comprehensive income/ loss for year, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : 70,705 , foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : 185 , employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : 4,416, accumulated losses $'000 : 54,322, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 4,015 , non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 4,015 item: at 31 december 2019 as reported , share capital $'000 : 44,393, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : 4,170, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : 53,102 , equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 4,539 , non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 4,539 item: prior year adjustments note 25 , share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : 524, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 524, non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 524 item: at 31 december 2019 as restated , share capital $'000 : 44,393, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : 4,170, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : 52,578 , equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 4,015 , non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 4,015 item: loss for year and comprehensive loss for the year, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : 1,686 , equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 1,686 , non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 1,686 item: equity transactions, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : 541, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : -, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 541, non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 541 item: issuance of convertible notes - equity component, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : 1,940, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : -, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 1,940, non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 1,940 item: total equity transactions, share capital $'000 : -, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : -, convertible notes reserve $'000 : 2,066, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : -, equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 2,066, non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 2,066 item: at 31 december 2020 , share capital $'000 : 46,333, merger reserve $'000 : -, foreign currency translation reserve $'000 : -, employee share option reserve $'000 : 4,170, convertible notes reserve $'000 : 126, premium paid on acquisition of non-controlling interest $'000 : -, accumulated losses $'000 : 54,264 , equity attributable to owners of the parent $'000 : 3,635 , non-controlling interests $'000 : -, total equity $'000 : 3,635 table end.
notes: the annexed notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.
statement of cash flows for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 cash flows from operating activities item: loss before income tax from continuing operations, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 1,757 item: profit before income tax from discontinued operations, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 22,687 item: loss /profit before income tax, total, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 20,930 item: adjustments for: item: fair value on interest-free loan, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 43 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 294 item: loss from extinguishment of loan, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 234, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : - item: gain on disposal of subsidiary, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 16,18, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 24,220 item: gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries arising from liquidation, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 16,18, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 3,421 item: depreciation of plant and equipment, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 3,16, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 59 item: amortisation of it platform development costs, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 4,16, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 3 item: finance costs, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 16, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 297 item: unrealised exchange gain, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 365 item: operating loss before working capital changes, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,198 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 7,127 item: change in trade and other receivables, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 25 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 598 item: change in trade and other payables, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 395, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 2,873 item: cash used in operations, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 828 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 3,656 item: net cash used in operating activities , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 828 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 3,656 table end.
cash flows from investing activities item: net cash outflow on disposal of subsidiary, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 282 item: net cash outflow on deconsolidation of subsidiaries, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 265 item: net cash used in investing activities , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : - , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 547 table end.
cash flows from financing activities item: proceeds from borrowings, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 135, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 2,472 item: proceeds from issuance of convertible note, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 675, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : - item: receipts of loan from a former director, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 43 item: repayment of loans from related parties, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 401 item: net cash generated from financing activities , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 810 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 2,114 table end.
item: net decrease in cash and cash equivalents, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 18 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 2,089 item: cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 43, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 2,122 item: effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 10 item: cash and cash equivalents at end of the year , year ended 31 december 2020 $'000 : 25 , year ended 31 december 2019 $'000 : 43 table end.
the annexed notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.
statement of cash flows cont'd for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 note: the following is the disclosure of the reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities, excluding equity items: table: reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities item: convertible note note 10 , as at 1 january 2020 $'000 : -, cash-flow proceeds $'000 : 675, conversion from loans $'000 : 1,902, transfer to convertible notes reserve $'000 : 541 , conversion in shares $'000 : 1,525 , fair value changes $'000 : -, non-cash changes-interest expense $'000 : 103, as at 31 december 2020 $'000 : 614 item: borrowings note 11 , as at 1 january 2020 $'000 : 2,357, cash-flow proceeds $'000 : 135, conversion from loans $'000 : 1,668 , transfer to convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, conversion in shares $'000 : -, fair value changes $'000 : 43 , non-cash changes-interest expense $'000 : 191, as at 31 december 2020 $'000 : 972 item: loan from a former director note 13 , as at 1 january 2020 $'000 : 45, cash-flow proceeds $'000 : -, conversion from loans $'000 : -, transfer to convertible notes reserve $'000 : -, conversion in shares $'000 : -, fair value changes $'000 : -, non-cash changes-interest expense $'000 : 3, as at 31 december 2020 $'000 : 48 table end.
item: borrowings note 11 , as at 1 january 2019 $'000 : -, cash-flow proceeds $'000 : 2,472, cash-flow repayment $'000 : -, fair value changes $'000 : 294 , non-cash changes-interest expense $'000 : 179, as at 31 december 2019 $'000 : 2,357 item: loan from a former director note 13 , as at 1 january 2019 $'000 : -, cash-flow proceeds $'000 : 43, cash-flow repayment $'000 : -, fair value changes $'000 : -, non-cash changes-interest expense $'000 : 2, as at 31 december 2019 $'000 : 45 item: loans from related parties, as at 1 january 2019 $'000 : 401, cash-flow proceeds $'000 : -, cash-flow repayment $'000 : 401 , fair value changes $'000 : -, non-cash changes-interest expense $'000 : -, as at 31 december 2019 $'000 : - table end.
the annexed notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 1. general information the financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2020 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on the date of the directors’ statement.
the company was incorporated as a private limited company domiciled in singapore on 4 october 2017. on 23 february 2018, the company was converted into a public company limited by shares and changed its name to ayondo ltd.
on 26 march 2018, the company was listed on the catalist board of the singapore exchange securities trading limited “sgx-st” . the registered office of the company is at 20 collyer quay, 01-02, singapore 049319. the company is an investment holding company.
during the financial year ended 31 december 2019, the company disposed of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets limited, and placed the remaining subsidiaries under liquidation.
the group consists of the company.
having either disposed of or lost control over all its subsidiaries, only the company remains in the group as at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020. 2 a . basis of preparation the financial statements are prepared in accordance with singapore financial reporting standards international “sfrs i ” promulgated by the accounting standards council “asc” . these financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as otherwise described in the notes below.
the financial statements are presented in singapore dollar which is the company’s functional currency.
all values in the tables are rounded to the nearest thousand $’000 , except when otherwise indicated.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 a basis of preparation cont'd going concern assumption the company reported a net loss of $1,686,000 and net operating cash outflows of $828,000 for the financial year ended 31 december 2020. as at 31 december 2020, the company had a deficit in equity of $3,635,000 and net current liabilities of $2,910,000 and cash at bank of $25,000.
the trading of the company's shares has been suspended since february 2019. subsequent to disposal and commencement of liquidation of subsidiaries in the financial year ended 31 december 2019, the company has not embarked on any new business ventures.
the abovementioned conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern.
on 13 april 2020, the company entered into a non-binding term sheet with an investor in relation to the proposed acquisition of the entire equity interest in rich glory international investment limited by the company the “proposed acquisition” . the proposed acquisition, if undertaken and completed, is expected to result in a “reverse take-over” of the company and is subject to, inter alia, the approval of shareholders of the company at an extraordinary general meeting to be convened and the approval of the sgx-st.
as at 31 december 2020, professional works on the proposed acquisition are on-going.
the ability of the company to continue as a going concern depends on the holder of convertible note 3's “cn 3” - note 10 continued support in subscribing for further tranches of cn3 at its discretion.
as at 31 december 2020, the company had issued first tranche of cn 3 of $675,000.
on 19 january 2021, 5 march 2021 and 31 march 2021, the company issued the second, third and fourth tranche of cn3 for total proceeds of $405,000.
if the company is unable to continue as a going concern, the company may be unable to discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business, and adjustments may have to be made to reflect the situation that assets may need to be realised other than in the normal course of business and at amounts which could differ significantly from the amounts at which they are currently recorded in the statements of financial position.
in addition, the company may have to provide for further liabilities that might arise, and may need to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities, respectively.
no such adjustments have been made to the financial statements.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 a basis of preparation cont'd change in the functional currency on 31 december 2019, the company announced the resignation of a non-executive director and non-executive chairman, a founding shareholder of the legacy social trading business, following the disposal and initiation of liquidation proceedings of subsidiaries during the year ended 31 december 2019, and the resultant pivot in the company's business focus from europe to asia.
effective 1 january 2020, the company changed its functional currency and presentation currency from swiss franc to singapore dollars.
the change in functional currency on 1 january 2020 is appropriate based on the fact cash flows generated from debt funding and expenses, except salary of the sole employee which is denominated in the currency foreign of his home country for personal reasons, are denominated in singapore dollars.
the change in presentation currency is to better reflect the company's business environment.
significant accounting estimates and judgements the preparation of the financial statements in conformity with sfrs i requires the use of judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the financial year.
although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results may differ from those estimates.
estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
revision to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.
the critical accounting estimates and assumptions used and areas involving a significant judgement are described below.
significant judgements in applying accounting policies identification of functional currency determination of functional currency involves significant judgment and other companies may make different judgments based on similar facts.
the functional currency of the company is principally determined by the primary economic environment in which the company operates.
the company reconsiders its functional currency if there is a change in the underlying transactions, events and conditions which determine its primary economic environment.
the determination of functional currency affects the carrying value of non-current assets included in the statement of financial position and, as a consequence, the amortisation of those assets included in the income statement.
it also impacts exchange gains and losses included in the income statement.
key sources of estimation uncertainty fair value of convertible notes note 10 and interest-free loans note 11 assessing the fair value of convertible notes and interest-free loan requires an analysis of comparable listed instruments and an estimation of the market interest rate of the liability component.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 b adoption of new and revised sfrs i effective for the current financial year on 1 january 2020, the company adopted all new and revised sfrs i , sfrs i interpretations “sfrs i int” , and amendments to sfrs i , effective for the current financial year that are relevant.
the adoption of these new and revised sfrs i pronouncements has no material effect on the amounts or disclosures reported for the current or prior reporting periods.
table: sfrs i amendments and effective dates reference: amendments to references to the conceptual framework in sfrs i , description: amendments to references to the conceptual framework in sfrs i , effective date annual periods beginning on or after : 1 january 2020 reference: amendments to sfrs i 3, description: definition of a business, effective date annual periods beginning on or after : 1 january 2020 reference: amendments to sfrs i 1-1 and sfrs i 1-8, description: definition of material, effective date annual periods beginning on or after : 1 january 2020 reference: amendments to sfrs i 9, sfrs i 1-39 and sfrs i 7, description: interest rate benchmark reform, effective date annual periods beginning on or after : 1 january 2020 table end.
2 c standards issued but not yet effective the following are new or amended sfrs i and sfrs i int issued that are not yet effective but may be early adopted for the current financial year: amendment: amendment to sfrs i 16, description: covid-19-related rent concessions, effective date: 1 june 2020 amendment: amendments to sfrs i 9, sfrs i 1-39, sfrs i 7, sfrs i 4, sfrs i 16, description: interest rate benchmark reform – phase 2, effective date: 1 january 2021 amendment: amendments to sfrs i 1-16, description: property, plant and equipment – proceeds before intended use, effective date: 1 january 2022 amendment: amendments to sfrs i 1-37, description: onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract, effective date: 1 january 2022 table end.
the company has performed a preliminary assessment, and the directors expect that the adoption of the above standards will have no material impact on the financial statements in the period of initial application.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 d summary of significant accounting policies subsidiary subsidiaries are carried at cost less any impairment losses.
financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.
1 financial assets measurement initial recognition and measurement financial assets are recognized when, and only when, the entity becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.
the classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the company's business model for managing them.
the company initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
in order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value through other comprehensive income “oci” , it needs to give rise to cash flows that are “solely payments of principal and interest” “sppi” on the principal amount outstanding.
this assessment is referred to as the sppi test and is performed at an instrument level.
the company's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows.
the business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.
purchase or sales of financial assets that required delivery of assets within a time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place regular way trades are recognized on the trade date, i.e. the date that the company commits to purchase or sell the asset.
subsequent measurement for purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four categories: - financial assets at amortized cost debt instruments . - financial assets at fair value through oci with recycling of cumulative gains and losses debt instruments . - financial assets designated as fair value through oci with no recycling of cumulative gains and losses upon derecognition equity instruments . - financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
financial assets at amortized cost debt instruments financial assets that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost.
financial assets are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less impairment.
gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the assets are derecognized or impaired, and through the amortization process.
subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the company's business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 d summary of significant accounting policies cont'd financial instruments cont'd 1 financial assets cont'd subsequent measurement cont'd the company's financial assets at amortized cost include other receivables and cash at bank.
the company does not hold financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income or financial assets fair value through profit or loss.
derecognition a financial asset or, where applicable, part of a financial asset or part of a group is relayed of similar financial assets is primarily derecognised i.e. removed from the company's statement of financial position when: - the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or - the company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through" arrangement; and either a the company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or b the company has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
when the company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership.
when it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the company continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement.
in that case, the company also recognises an associated liability.
the transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the company has retained.
continuing involvement that takes form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the company could be required to repay.
impairment of financial assets the company assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses “ecl” associated with its debt instrument assets carried at amortized cost and fvoci.
ecl are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the company expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.
the expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
ecls are recognised in two stages.
for credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ecls are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months a 12-month ecl . for those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default a lifetime ecl . the company applies a simplified approach in calculating ecls for other receivables.
the company recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ecls at each reporting date.
the company considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
however, in certain cases, the company may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the company is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the company.
a financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 d summary of significant accounting policies cont'd financial instruments cont'd ii financial liabilities initial recognition and measurement financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when, the company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.
the company determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition.
financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs.
these financial liabilities comprise other payables, borrowings, convertible notes, and loan from a former director.
borrowings which are due to be settled within 12 months after the end of reporting period are included in current borrowings in the statement of financial position even though the original terms was for a period longer than twelve months and an agreement to refinance, or to reschedule payments, on a long-term basis is completed after the end of reporting period.
borrowings to be settled within the company's operating cycle are classified as current.
other borrowings due to be settled more than twelve months after the end of reporting period are included in non-current borrowings in the statement of financial position.
subsequent measurement they are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.
derecognition the company derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or expire.
the company also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value.
on derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the consideration paid including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed is recognised in profit or loss.
iii cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank.
earnings per share the company presents basic and diluted earnings per share data for its ordinary shares.
basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the company by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for own shares held.
diluted earnings per share is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for own shares held, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which comprise convertible notes and share options.
convertible notes convertible notes that can be converted into share capital where the number of shares issued does not vary with changes in the fair value of the notes are accounted for as compound financial instruments.
the gross proceeds of the convertible notes issued including any directly attributable transaction costs are allocated to the equity and liability components, with the equity component being assigned the residual amount after deducting the fair value of the liability component from the fair value of the compound financial instrument.
there are no tables or charts in this image.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 d summary of significant accounting policies cont'd convertible notes cont'd subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component of convertible notes is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
the equity component of convertible notes is not re-measured.
when the conversion option is exercised, the carrying amount of the liability and equity components will be transferred to the share capital.
when the conversion option lapses, the carrying amount of the equity component will be transferred to revenue reserve.
when a convertible note is being repurchased before its maturity date, the purchase consideration including directly attributable costs, net of tax effects is allocated to the liability and equity components of the convertible bond at the date of transaction.
any resulting gain or loss relating to the liability component is recognised in the profit or loss.
in an exchange of convertible bond, the difference between the net proceeds of new convertible bond and the carrying value of the existing convertible bond including its equity component is recognised in the profit or loss.
share capital and share issuance expenses proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares are recognised as share capital in equity.
incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital.
functional currency the financial statements are presented in singapore dollars $ , which is also the company's functional currency.
foreign currency transactions and balances transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the company's at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the end of the reporting date are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing at that date.
non-monetary items in a foreign currency that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
foreign currency differences arising from translation are recognised in the profit or loss.
income taxes income tax expense represents the sum of the income tax currently payable and deferred income tax.
current income tax for current and prior periods is recognised at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of reporting period.
deferred income tax is recognised for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements except when the deferred income tax arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and affects neither accounting or taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction.
income tax for current and prior periods is recognised at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the balance sheet date.
deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 d summary of significant accounting policies cont'd income taxes cont'd deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except: where the deferred tax arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled by the company and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and in respect of deductible temporary differences and carry-forward of unutilised tax losses, if it is not probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences and carry-forward of unutilised tax losses can be utilised.
the carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised.
unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be utilised.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
current and deferred income taxes are recognised as income or expense in the profit or loss, except to the extent that the tax arises from a business combination or a transaction which is recognised either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authorities on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, provided they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.
employee benefits short-term employee benefits short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided.
a liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus if the company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
employee share-based compensation in prior years, certain employees of the company received remuneration in the form of share options as consideration for the services rendered.
the cost of these equity settled shared-based payment transactions with employees are measured by reference to the fair value of the options at the date on which the options are granted.
this cost is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding increase in the employee share-based payment reserve, over the vesting period.
the cumulative expense recognised at each date until the vesting date reflected the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the company's best estimate of the number of options that will ultimately vest.
the charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period recognised in employee benefit expense.
the employee share-based payment reserve is transferred to retained earnings upon expiry of the share option.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 2 d summary of significant accounting policies cont'd key management personnel key management personnel are those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity.
directors and chief technology officer cum interim chief executive officer are considered key management personnel.
related parties a related party is defined as follows: a a person or a close member of that person's family is related to the company if that person: i has control or joint control over the company; ii has significant influence over the company; or iii is a member of the key management personnel of the company or the company or of a parent of the company.
b an entity is related to the company if any of the following conditions applies: i the entity and the company are members of the same group which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others ; ii one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member ; iii both entities are joint ventures of the same third party; iv one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity; v the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the company or an entity related to the company.
if the company is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the company; vi the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in a ; vii a person identified in a i has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity or of a parent of the entity ; or viii the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.
in considering each possible related party relationship, attention is directed to the substance of the relationship and not merely the legal form.
discontinued operations a discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of, or that is classified as held-for-sale and: a represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; or b is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; or c is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
results from operations qualifying as discontinued operations are presented separately as a single amount on the income statement.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 3. plant and equipment item: cost item: at 1 january 2019, leasehold improvements $'000 : 51, furniture and fittings $'000 : 91, office equipment $'000 : 460, total $'000 : 602 item: disposal of subsidiary note 18 , leasehold improvements $'000 : -, furniture and fittings $'000 : 79 , office equipment $'000 : 158 , total $'000 : 237 item: liquidation of subsidiaries note 18 , leasehold improvements $'000 : 51 , furniture and fittings $'000 : 12 , office equipment $'000 : 299 , total $'000 : 362 item: translation differences, leasehold improvements $'000 : -, furniture and fittings $'000 : -, office equipment $'000 : 3 , total $'000 : 3 item: at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020, leasehold improvements $'000 : -, furniture and fittings $'000 : -, office equipment $'000 : -, total $'000 : - item: accumulated depreciation item: at 1 january 2019, leasehold improvements $'000 : 44, furniture and fittings $'000 : 79, office equipment $'000 : 395, total $'000 : 518 item: depreciation discontinued operations , leasehold improvements $'000 : 7, furniture and fittings $'000 : 12, office equipment $'000 : 40, total $'000 : 59 item: disposal of subsidiary note 18 , leasehold improvements $'000 : -, furniture and fittings $'000 : 77 , office equipment $'000 : 134 , total $'000 : 211 item: liquidation of subsidiaries note 18 , leasehold improvements $'000 : 51 , furniture and fittings $'000 : 12 , office equipment $'000 : 299 , total $'000 : 362 item: translation differences, leasehold improvements $'000 : -, furniture and fittings $'000 : 2 , office equipment $'000 : 2 , total $'000 : 4 item: at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020, leasehold improvements $'000 : -, furniture and fittings $'000 : -, office equipment $'000 : -, total $'000 : - item: net carrying amount item: at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020, leasehold improvements $'000 : -, furniture and fittings $'000 : -, office equipment $'000 : -, total $'000 : - table end.
amount less than $1,000 4. intangible assets item: cost item: at 1 january 2019, development costs - it platform $'000 : 8,991, goodwill $'000 : 45,556, total $'000 : 54,547 item: disposal of subsidiary note 18 , development costs - it platform $'000 : 8,941 , goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : 8,941 item: liquidation of subsidiaries note 18 , development costs - it platform $'000 : -, goodwill $'000 : 45,556 , total $'000 : 45,556 item: translation differences, development costs - it platform $'000 : -, goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : 50 item: at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020, development costs - it platform $'000 : -, goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : - item: accumulated amortisation item: at 1 january 2019, development costs - it platform $'000 : 4,121, goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : 4,121 item: amortisation, development costs - it platform $'000 : 3, goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : 3 item: disposal of subsidiary note 18 , development costs - it platform $'000 : 4,124 , goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : 4,124 item: at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020, development costs - it platform $'000 : -, goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : - item: accumulated impairment item: at 1 january 2019, development costs - it platform $'000 : 4,843, goodwill $'000 : 45,556, total $'000 : 50,399 item: disposal of subsidiary note 18 , development costs - it platform $'000 : 4,843 , goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : 4,843 item: liquidation of subsidiaries note 18 , development costs - it platform $'000 : -, goodwill $'000 : 45,556 , total $'000 : 45,556 item: at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020, development costs - it platform $'000 : -, goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : - item: net carrying amount item: at 31 december 2019 and 31 december 2020, development costs - it platform $'000 : -, goodwill $'000 : -, total $'000 : - table end.
notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2020 5. subsidiaries unquoted equity shares, at cost: - impairment losses: - during the financial year ended 31 december 2019, the company commenced liquidation of the subsidiaries.
accordingly, the subsidiaries were deconsolidated.
details of the subsidiaries: table: subsidiary details name of subsidiary: ayondo holding ag, country of incorporation/principal place of business: swiss-zug, effective equity interest 2020 % : -, effective equity interest 2019 % : 99.97, principal activities: deregistered name of subsidiary: held through ayondo holding ag name of subsidiary: sycap company uk ltd., country of incorporation/principal place of business: uk-london, effective equity interest 2020 % : 99.91, effective equity interest 2019 % : 99.91, principal activities: dormant name of subsidiary: ayondo gmbh, country of incorporation/principal place of business: ger- frankfurt a. m., effective equity interest 2020 % : 100, effective equity interest 2019 % : 100, principal activities: under liquidation name of subsidiary: social trading netzwerk gmbh, country of incorporation/principal place of business: ger- frankfurt a. m., effective equity interest 2020 % : 100, effective equity interest 2019 % : 100, principal activities: dormant name of subsidiary: ayondo asia pte.
ltd., country of incorporation/principal place of business: singapore, effective equity interest 2020 % : 100, effective equity interest 2019 % : 100, principal activities: struck off name of subsidiary: held through ayondo asia pte ltd name of subsidiary: typhoon technology limited, country of incorporation/principal place of business: hong kong, effective equity interest 2020 % : 100, effective equity interest 2019 % : 100, principal activities: dormant table end.
6. other receivables : other receivable , 31 december 2020 '000 : 25, 31 december 2019 '000 : 6 : deposit, 31 december 2020 '000 : 6, 31 december 2019 '000 : 6 table end.
note: other receivable represents payment of professional services made on behalf of a shareholder who is also the holder of cn3 note 10 . notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2020 7. share capital 31 december 2020: no.
of ordinary shares '000 , 31 december 2019: no.
of ordinary shares '000 , 31 december 2020: $'000, 31 december 2019: $'000 item: issued and fully paid, with no par value: item: at beginning of year, 31 december 2020: 509,785, 31 december 2019: 509,785, 31 december 2020: 44,393, 31 december 2019: 44,393 item: issuance of new shares arising from conversion of convertible notes note 10 , 31 december 2020: 273,482, 31 december 2019: -, 31 december 2020: 1,940, 31 december 2019: - item: at end of year, 31 december 2020: 783,267, 31 december 2019: 509,785, 31 december 2020: 46,333, 31 december 2019: 44,393 table end.
the holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the company.
all ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restriction.
the ordinary shares have no par value.
on 22 july 2020, the company issued 273,481,723 ordinary shares upon conversion of the convertible notes together with accrued interest note 10 . 8. merger reserve item: at beginning of year, 31 december 2020: -, 31 december 2019: 70,705 item: deconsolidation of subsidiaries, 31 december 2020: -, 31 december 2019: 70,705 item: at end of year, 31 december 2020: -, 31 december 2019: - table end.
the merger reserve represented the difference between the consideration paid and the share capital of the subsidiaries under common control are accounted for by applying the pooling of interest method.
9. other reserves item: employee share-based payments reserve note 20 , 31 december 2020: 4,170, 31 december 2019: 4,170 item: convertible notes reserve, 31 december 2020: 126, 31 december 2019: - 31 december 2020: 4,296, 31 december 2019: 4,170 table end.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 10 convertible notes : at beginning of year, 31 december 2020 $'000 : -, 31 december 2019 $'000 : - : conversion of loans during the year into convertible notes, 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,902, 31 december 2019 $'000 : - : proceeds from issue of convertible notes, 31 december 2020 $'000 : 675, 31 december 2019 $'000 : - : amount classified as equity - convertible notes reserve, 31 december 2020 $'000 : 541 , 31 december 2019 $'000 : - : accretion of interest, 31 december 2020 $'000 : 103, 31 december 2019 $'000 : - : conversion of convertible notes, 31 december 2020 $'000 : 1,525 , 31 december 2019 $'000 : - : at end of year , 31 december 2020 $'000 : 614 , 31 december 2019 $'000 : - table end.
on 1 june 2020, the company converted loan 1 with accrued interest of $1,227,000 and loan 3 of $675,000 into convertible note 1 and convertible note 2, respectively, and issued convertible note 3 of $675,000.
cn1 and cn3 were issued to the same corporate lender.
cn1 carried interest rate at 8% per annum and was due 1 june 2021 the “maturity date 1 ” . the principal and accrued interest, including unpaid interest before and after conversion of the loan 1 to cn1, at the maturity date 1 were convertible by the holder into new ordinary shares in the capital of the company the “shares” at the conversion price of $0.007 per share.
if the holder did not exercise its option to convert cn1 on the maturity date 1 , unless the maturity date was extended by the company and the holder the “parties” , the company would repay the together with accrued interest to the holder within 30 business days from the maturity date 1 . cn2 was interest-free and due 1 june 2023 the “maturity date 2 ” . the principal was convertible by the holder, in whole or in part, into the shares at the conversion price of $0.007 per share between 1 june 2020 and 31 may 2023. unless the maturity date 2 was extended by the parties, the company would repay the principal not converted into the shares together with accrued interest to the holder within 30 business days from the maturity date 2 . on 22 july 2020, cn1 together with accrued interest thereon and cn2 were converted into the shares.
cn3 carries interest rate at 12% per annum and is due 1 june 2021 the “maturity date 3 " . the principal is convertible by the holder, in whole or in part, into the shares at the conversion price of $0.007 per share between 1 june 2020 and 31 may 2023. unless the maturity date 3 was extended by the parties, the company would repay the principal not converted into the shares together with accrued interest to the holder within 30 business days from the maturity date 3 . notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2020 11. borrowings current liabilities item: loan 1, 31 december 2020 '000 : -, 31 december 2019 '000 : 1,189 item: loan 2, 31 december 2020 '000 : 861, 31 december 2019 '000 : - item: total , 31 december 2020 '000 : 861 , 31 december 2019 '000 : 1,189 table end.
non-current liabilities item: loan 2, 31 december 2020 '000 : -, 31 december 2019 '000 : 760 item: loan 3, 31 december 2020 '000 : -, 31 december 2019 '000 : 408 item: loan 4, 31 december 2020 '000 : 111, 31 december 2019 '000 : - item: total , 31 december 2020 '000 : 111 , 31 december 2019 '000 : 1,168 item: total borrowings , 31 december 2020 '000 : 972 , 31 december 2019 '000 : 2,357 table end.
loan 1 as at 31 december 2019, loan 1 from an unrelated corporate lender was unsecured and bore interest at 8% per annum.
loan 2 loan 2 from an unrelated corporate lender bears interest at 15% per annum, and is unsecured and repayable on 30 june 2021. loan 3 as at 31 december 2019, loan 3 from an unrelated individual lender was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on 21 august 2022. the fair value of interest-free loan 3 of $294,000 was recorded within “other income” in the statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 december 2019. on 1 june 2020, loan 1 and loan 3 were converted into convertible note 1 “cn 1” and convertible note 2 “cn 2” , respectively note 10 . loan 4 loan 4, obtained from the same lender as the holder of cn2, is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on 16 january 2022. on 22 july 2020, the individual lender converted cn2 into new ordinary shares in the capital of the company and became a shareholder of the company.
the fair value of interest-free loan 4 of $43,000 was recorded within “other income” in the statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 december 2020. 12. other payables item: other payables, 31 december 2020 '000 : 361, 31 december 2019 '000 : 373 item: accruals, 31 december 2020 '000 : 1,646, 31 december 2019 '000 : 1,289 item: advance payment, 31 december 2020 '000 : 50, 31 december 2019 '000 : - item: total , 31 december 2020 '000 : 2,057 , 31 december 2019 '000 : 1,662 table end.
at 31 december 2020, other payables were non-interest bearing and normally settled on 30 to 90-day terms.
this relates to down payment of $50,000 received from the lender in respect of the second tranche of cn3 of $135,000 in december 2020. on 19 january 2021, the company issued second tranche of cn3 to the lender upon receipt of the remaining balance of $85,000.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 13. loan from a former director date: loan amount, 31 december 2020 $'000 : 48, 31 december 2019 $'000 : 45 table end.
loan from a former director bears interest at 7% per annum and is unsecured and repayable on 23 may 2020 pursuant to the loan agreement.
as at 31 december 2020, no renewal of the loan agreement has been entered into with the lender.
interest accrual on the loan continues after 23 may 2020. 14. other income table: other income the company item: exchange gain note 16 , continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 365, total 2020 $'000 : -, total 2019 $'000 : 365 item: fair value on interest-free loan note 11 , continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 43, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 294, total 2020 $'000 : 43, total 2019 $'000 : 294 item: total , continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 43 , continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 659 , total 2020 $'000 : 43 , total 2019 $'000 : 659 table end.
15. employee benefits expense table: employee benefits expense item: salaries and bonuses, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 134, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 23, total 2020 $'000 : 134, total 2019 $'000 : 23 item: other short-term benefits, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 84, total 2020 $'000 : -, total 2019 $'000 : 84 item: total , continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 134 , continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 107 , total 2020 $'000 : 134 , total 2019 $'000 : 107 table end.
notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2020 the following items have been included in arriving at loss /profit for the year: item: gain on disposal of subsidiary, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : 24,220, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 24,220, total 2019 $'000 : - item: gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries arising from liquidation, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : 3,421, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 3,421, total 2019 $'000 : - item: depreciation of plant and equipment, note: 3, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : 59, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 59, total 2019 $'000 : - item: amortisation of it platform development costs, note: 4, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : 3, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 3, total 2019 $'000 : - item: audit services, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 80, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 150, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 80, total 2019 $'000 : 150 item: non-audit services, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : -, total 2019 $'000 : - item: reporting accountant fees, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : -, total 2019 $'000 : - item: legal, other professional fees and consultancy fees, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 700, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 458, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 700, total 2019 $'000 : 458 item: bank charges, note: 14, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 1, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 1, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 1, total 2019 $'000 : 1 item: exchange gain, note: 14, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : -, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 365 , discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : -, total 2019 $'000 : 365 item: fair value on interest-free loan, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 43 , continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 294 , discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 43 , total 2019 $'000 : 294 item: loss from extinguishment of loan, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 234, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 234, total 2019 $'000 : - item: interest on loan from a former director, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 3, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 2, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 3, total 2019 $'000 : 2 item: interest on loan from third parties, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 172, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 179, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 172, total 2019 $'000 : 179 item: interest on loan from shareholder, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 19, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 19, total 2019 $'000 : - item: interest on convertible notes, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 103, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 103, total 2019 $'000 : - item: finance costs, continuing operations 2020 $'000 : 297, continuing operations 2019 $'000 : 181, discontinued operations 2020 $'000 : -, discontinued operations 2019 $'000 : -, total 2020 $'000 : 297, total 2019 $'000 : 181 table end.
17 income tax expense item: current tax expense, 2020 $'000 : 287, 2019 $'000 : 3,558 item: reconciliation of tax expense: item: loss /profit before taxation, 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , 2019 $'000 : 1,757 item: continuing operations, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 22,687 item: discontinued operations, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : - item: tax at statutory rate of 17% 2019 - 17% , 2020 $'000 : 287 , 2019 $'000 : 3,558 item: tax effect on non-deductible expenses, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : - table end.
the company, as an investment holding company, is not allowed to carry forward its tax losses.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 18 discontinued operations during the financial year ended 31 december 2019, the company disposed of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets ltd note 5 , and filed for insolvency proceedings with courts in germany for liquidation of subsidiaries' assets note 5 . disposal of subsidiary on 5 june 2019, the company disposed of its key operating subsidiary, ayondo markets ltd “aml” to bux holding b.v. the “acquirer” . the sale proceeds of $9,877,000 gbp5.7 million was applied towards settlement of amounts owed by the company and subsidiaries to aml.
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities at the disposal date based on management accounts for the five months ended 31 may 2019 and pro-rated accounts for the period from 1 june 2019 to 5 june 2019 extracted from june 2019 management accounts provided by the acquirer, and the cash flows arising from loss of control are as follows: table: disposal of subsidiary - carrying amounts and liabilities 2019 item: plant and equipment, 2019 $'000 : 26 item: intangible assets, 2019 $'000 : 26 item: trade and other receivables, 2019 $'000 : 1,374 item: cash and bank balances, 2019 $'000 : 1,031 item: segregated client funds, 2019 $'000 : 42,284 item: trade and other payables, 2019 $'000 : 58,335 item: bank overdraft, 2019 $'000 : 749 item: net identified liabilities on disposal, 2019 $'000 : 14,343 item: proceeds from sale, 2019 $'000 : 9,877 item: gain on disposal of subsidiary, 2019 $'000 : 24,220 item: utilisation of proceeds as settlement item: amounts due to aml item: cash and cash equivalent disposed of, 2019 $'000 : 9,877 item: net cash outflow on disposal of subsidiary, 2019 $'000 : 282 table end.
deconsolidation of subsidiaries the company filed for insolvency proceedings with courts in germany for liquidation of ayondo gmbh on 14 august 2019 and ayondo holding ag on 22 august 2019. ayondo gmbh is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ayondo holding ag.
arising therefrom, these subsidiaries, together with other subsidiaries of ayondo holding ag, were deconsolidated from the company's financial statements effective the respective liquidation dates the “liquidation dates” at which the company lost control over these subsidiaries whose management of affairs were managed to the court-appointed insolvency administrator.
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities at the liquidation dates based on management accounts are as follows: table: deconsolidation of subsidiaries - carrying amounts and liabilities 2019 item: trade and other receivables, 2019 $'000 : 544 item: cash and bank balances, 2019 $'000 : 281 item: trade and other payables, 2019 $'000 : 4,180 item: bank overdraft, 2019 $'000 : 16 item: employee benefit liabilities, 2019 $'000 : 140 item: non-controlling interest, 2019 $'000 : 90 item: gain on deconsolidation of subsidiaries, 2019 $'000 : 3,421 item: net cash outflow on deconsolidation, 2019 $'000 : 265 table end.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 18 discontinued operations cont'd deconsolidation of subsidiaries cont'd financial performance of subsidiary disposed of and subsidiaries deconsolidated arising from liquidation item: net operating income, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 2,742 item: other income, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 26 item: marketing expenses, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 136 item: operating expenses, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 7,106 item: finance costs, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 480 item: loss before tax , 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 4,954 item: income tax expense, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 320 item: loss from discontinued operations , 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 4,634 table end.
the impact of the discontinued operations on the cash flow of the company item: net cash inflow from operating activities, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 146 item: net cash outflow from investing activities, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 411 item: net cash inflow from financing activities, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : - item: net decrease in cash of subsidiaries, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 265 table end.
19 loss /earnings per share item: loss from continuing operations, 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , 2019 $'000 : 1,757 item: profit from discontinued operations, 2020 $'000 : -, 2019 $'000 : 23,036 item: loss /profit attributable to equity holders of the company , 2020 $'000 : 1,686 , 2019 $'000 : 21,279 table end.
item: weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share computation, 31 december 2020 no.
of shares '000 : 585,461, 31 december 2019 no.
of shares '000 : 509,785 item: weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per share computation, 31 december 2020 no.
of shares '000 : 819,517, 31 december 2019 no.
of shares '000 : 640,468 table end.
notes to the financial statements year ended december 31, 2020 19. loss /earnings per share continued item: from continuing operations item: loss per share: basic, 2020: 0.003 , 2019: 0.003 item: loss per share: diluted, 2020: 0.003 , 2019: 0.003 item: from discontinued operations item: earnings per share: basic, 2020: -, 2019: 0.045 item: earnings per share: diluted, 2020: -, 2019: 0.045 item: from both continuing and discontinued operations item: loss /earnings per share: basic, 2020: 0.003 , 2019: 0.042 item: loss /earnings per share: diluted, 2020: 0.003 , 2019: 0.042 table end.
the diluted loss per share is the same amount as the basic loss per share because the outstanding employee share options and convertible note are considered anti-dilutive.
20. employee share-based payments reserve year: 2020, amount '000 : 4,170 year: 2019, amount '000 : 4,170 table end.
at beginning and end of year note 9 ayondo employee share option scheme share options were granted to the company's employees, directors and consultants by ayondo holdings ag "ag options" , giving them the right to purchase shares in ayondo holdings ag.
the exercise price of the options is equal to the market price of the shares on the date of the grant.
the options generally become exercisable over four years with approximately 25 percent of the total grant vesting each year on the anniversary of the grant date or 25% at the end of the first year, 25% at the end of the second year and 50% at the end of the fourth year . there are no cash settlement alternatives except for in the event of termination of the employment relationship upon death of the employee.
on march 12, 2018, the company granted pre-ipo options to replace all the ag options.
there was no option purchase price and all the pre-ipo options were vested on the listing date.
table: ayondo stock options during the year item: outstanding at beginning of year , 2020: 30,720,600 , 2019: 47,017,800 item: forfeited during the year, 2020: -, 2019: 16,297,200 item: outstanding at end of year , 2020: 30,720,600 , 2019: 30,720,600 item: weighted average exercise price waep , 2020: $0.22 , 2019: $0.22 table end.
1 the range of exercise prices for options outstanding at the end of the year was $0.003 to $0.259 2019 - $0.003 to $0.259 . the weighted average remaining life for these options is 4.41 years 2019 - 5.41 years . notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 ayondo employee share option scheme cont'd information on fair value the fair value of stock options as at the date of grant was estimated using actuarial valuations, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options and the rights were granted.
the following table lists the inputs to the model used: employee stock option: dividend yield, value: 0.0% employee stock option: volatility, value: 25.0% employee stock option: risk-free interest rate, value: 0.452% employee stock option: expected life, value: 4 years employee stock option: weighted average stock price, value: 100 chf table end.
the expected life of the options is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur.
the expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.
no other features of the option grant were incorporated into the measurement of fair value.
related party transactions compensation of key management personnel table: compensation of key management personnel : short-term employee benefits, the company 2020 $'000 : 278, the company 2019 $'000 : : comprise amounts paid to: : directors of the company, the company 2020 $'000 : 144, the company 2019 $'000 : : chief technology officer cum interim chief executive officer, the company 2020 $'000 : 134, the company 2019 $'000 : table end.
disclosure of key management personnel compensation for the year ended 31 december 2019 was not presented due to unavailability of information.
financial risk management the company is exposed to financial risks arising from its use of financial instruments.
the key financial risks are foreign currency risk and liquidity risk.
table: carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities : 31 december 2020 : financial assets : other receivables note 6 , financial assets at amortised cost $'000 : 31, financial liabilities at amortised cost $'000 : -, total $'000 : 31 : cash at bank, financial assets at amortised cost $'000 : 25, financial liabilities at amortised cost $'000 : -, total $'000 : 25 : total , financial assets at amortised cost $'000 : 56 , financial liabilities at amortised cost $'000 : - , total $'000 : 56 table end.
notes to the financial statements year ended 31 december 2020 financial risk management continued table: financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost year ended 31 december 2020 and 2019 item: 31 december 2020 item: convertible notes note 10 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 614, total $'000 : 614 item: borrowings note 11 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 972, total $'000 : 972 item: other payables note 12 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 2,057, total $'000 : 2,057 item: loan from former director note 13 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 48, total $'000 : 48 item: total , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 3,691, total $'000 : 3,691 item: 31 december 2019 item: other receivables note 6 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : 6, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : -, total $'000 : 6 item: cash at bank, financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : 43, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : -, total $'000 : 43 item: total , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : 49, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : -, total $'000 : 49 item: borrowings note 11 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 2,357, total $'000 : 2,357 item: other payables note 12 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 1,662, total $'000 : 1,662 item: loan from former director note 13 , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 45, total $'000 : 45 item: total , financial assets at amortized cost $'000 : -, financial liabilities at amortized cost $'000 : 4,064, total $'000 : 4,064 table end.
credit risk at the reporting date, no loss allowance was required in respect of the security deposit of $6,000 note 6 placed with the company’s contract finance staff and other receivable of $25,000 note 6 related to payment made on behalf of a shareholder cum the holder of cn3.
interest rate risk interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the company’s financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.
the company does not hold any variable rate financial assets or financial liabilities.
foreign currency risk foreign currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign translation rates.
currency risk arises when transactions are denominated in foreign currencies.
the company is exposed to currency risk on financial liabilities that are denominated in a currency other than its functional currency brought forward from the prior financial year.
the currencies that give rise to foreign currency risk are the british pound “gbp” and euro.
notes to the financial statements foreign currency risk cont'd at the reporting date, the carrying amounts of monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in currencies other than the company's functional currency were as follows: table: monetary assets and liabilities by currency 2020 and 2019 date: 31 december 2020, gbp '000 : 360, euro '000 : 7, total '000 : 367 date: 31 december 2019, gbp '000 : 369, euro '000 : 7, total '000 : 376 table end.
sensitivity analysis - foreign currency risk a 3% 2019 - 3% strengthening of the above currencies against the functional currency of the company at the reporting date would have increased loss before tax by approximately $11,000 2019: decreased profit before tax by approximately $11,000 and decreased equity by the same amount 2019: decreased equity by the same amount . this analysis is based on foreign currency exchange rate variances that the company considered to be reasonably possible at the end of the reporting period.
the analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and does not take into account the associated tax effects.
a 3% 2019 - 3% weakening of the above currencies against the functional currency of the company at the reporting date would have had the equal but opposite effect to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.
notes to the financial statements financial risk management cont'd liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that the company will encounter difficulty in meeting financial obligations due to a shortage of funds.
the company's exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities.
analysis of financial instruments by remaining contractual maturities the table below summarizes the maturity profile of the company's financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.
table: contractual undiscounted cash flows - 31 december 2020 : financial liabilities : convertible notes, carrying amount '000 : 614, total '000 : 878, less than 1 year '000 : 81, between 2 and 5 years '000 : 797, over 5 years '000 : - : other payables, carrying amount '000 : 2,057, total '000 : 2,057, less than 1 year '000 : 2,057, between 2 and 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - : borrowings, carrying amount '000 : 972, total '000 : 1,047, less than 1 year '000 : 912, between 2 and 5 years '000 : 135, over 5 years '000 : - : loan from former director, carrying amount '000 : 48, total '000 : 48, less than 1 year '000 : 48, between 2 and 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - : total , carrying amount '000 : 3,691 , total '000 : 4,030 , less than 1 year '000 : 3,098 , between 2 and 5 years '000 : 932 , over 5 years '000 : - table end.
table: contractual undiscounted cash flows - 31 december 2019 : financial liabilities : borrowings, carrying amount '000 : 2,357, total '000 : 2,776, less than 1 year '000 : 1,376, between 2 and 5 years '000 : 1,400, over 5 years '000 : - : other payables, carrying amount '000 : 1,662, total '000 : 1,662, less than 1 year '000 : 1,662, between 2 and 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - : loan from former director, carrying amount '000 : 45, total '000 : 45, less than 1 year '000 : 45, between 2 and 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - : total , carrying amount '000 : 4,064 , total '000 : 4,483 , less than 1 year '000 : 3,083 , between 2 and 5 years '000 : 1,400 , over 5 years '000 : - table end.
fair value measurement definition of fair value frss define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
fair value measurement of financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position are grouped into three levels of a fair value hierarchy.
the three levels are defined based on the observability of significant inputs to the measurement, as follows: level 1: quoted prices unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the company can access at the measurement date.
level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
level 3: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
notes to the financial statements notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020. fair value measurement cont'd fair value measurement of other financial instruments the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities with a maturity of less than one year including other receivables note 6 , cash at bank, borrowings note 11 , other payables note 12 , and loan from a former director note 13 , approximate their fair values because of the short period to maturity.
the fair value of interest-free loan approximates its carrying amount at the reporting date.
the company does not account for any fixed rate financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, therefore a change in interest rates at the reporting date would not affect profit or loss.
fair value measurement of non-financial instruments below is a summary of the significant unobservable inputs of level 3 instruments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 december 2020. table: fair value sensitivity analysis type: convertible notes, valuation technique: income approach, significant unobservable inputs: estimated market interest rate of the liability component: 21%, sensitivity of fair value to 5% increase in unobservable input: decrease in fair value by $31,000 table end.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 24 capital management the company monitors capital based on total equity attributable to owners of the company as presented in the balance sheet.
25 prior year adjustments other payables - accruals i one of the matters included in the basis for the disclaimer of opinion on the financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2019 was unavailability of evidence supporting accrued liabilities of $402,000 as at 31 december 2019. during the financial year ended 31 december 2020, the $402,000 was addressed as follows: an amount of $106,000 was substantiated with supporting documentation; and the remaining balance of $296,000 was recorded as prior year adjustments to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2019 following management's assessment that the underlying liabilities did not exist on initial recognition during the prior financial year.
ii a prior year adjustment has been recorded to account for an under-accrual of salary of a former employee of $39,000 for the year ended 31 december 2019. interest-free loan a prior year adjustment has been recorded to account for the fair value of an interest-free loan of $294,000 loan 2 in note 11 and accretion of interest expense thereon of $27,000 for the year ended 31 december 2019. the prior year adjustments, at nil tax effect, to the extent that they are applied retrospectively, have the following impact: the company statement of financial position as at 1 january 2020 : accumulated losses, as previously reported $'000: 53,102 , adjustment $'000: 524, as restated $'000: 52,578 : other payables, as previously reported $'000: 1,919, adjustment $'000: 257 , as restated $'000: 1,662 : borrowings, as previously reported $'000: 2,624, adjustment $'000: 267 , as restated $'000: 2,357 table end.
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the financial year ended 31 december 2019 statement of cash flows for the financial year ended 31 december 2019 notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2020 26 subsequent events claim by ex-employee the company received a letter of claim dated 4 february 2021 from an ex-employee the "ex-employee" of a subsidiary, through his solicitors.
the ex-employee cited text messages and email correspondence between the ex-employee and, amongst others, members of the company's board of directors and a former interim chief executive officer the "former interim ceo" of the company as evidence of a legally binding agreement between the ex-employee and the company for his services the "services" rendered in connection with completion of winding up of ayondo gmbh and ayondo portfolio management gmbh.
there was no documentary evidence of the company's engagement of the ex-employee in connection with the services.
management would like to highlight that liquidation of these two subsidiaries are in progress as at 31 december 2020. the ex-employee demanded a payment of euro55,000 equivalent to singapore dollar89,000 from the company in settlement of the outstanding fees for the services by 18 february 2021. in a written reply dated 19 february 2021 to the ex-employee, the company: requested supporting documentation substantiating the claim from the ex-employee; rebutted the basis of ex-employee's claim as without merit; and indicated that the company reserves all rights to counter-claim against the ex-employee for his persistent actions.
management and directors are of the opinion that there are grounds of defences to the claim.
no provision has been made for this claim.
27 comparative information comparative figures have been restated due to prior year adjustments note 25 . shareholdings statistics as at 26 march 2021 issued and fully paid-up capital : singapore dollar44,972,379.36 number of shares : 783,267,291 treasury shares : nil subsidiary holdings held : nil class of shares : ordinary shares voting rights : 1 vote for each ordinary share analysis of shareholdings table: shareholding distribution size of shareholdings: 1 - 99, number of shareholders: 0, %: 0.00, number of shares: 0, %: 0.00 size of shareholdings: 100 - 1,000, number of shareholders: 166, %: 20.42, number of shares: 163,100, %: 0.02 size of shareholdings: 1,001 - 10,000, number of shareholders: 273, %: 33.58, number of shares: 2,053,458, %: 0.26 size of shareholdings: 10,001 - 1,000,000, number of shareholders: 343, %: 42.19, number of shares: 32,409,084, %: 4.14 size of shareholdings: 1,000,001 and above, number of shareholders: 31, %: 3.81, number of shares: 748,641,649, %: 95.58 size of shareholdings: total , number of shareholders: 813 , %: 100.00 , number of shares: 783,267,291 , %: 100.00 table end.
shareholding held in hands of public as at 26 march 2021, the percentage of shareholdings held in the hands of the public was approximately 49.06%, complying with rule 723 of the listing manual section b: rule of catalist of the singapore exchange securities trading limited.
top 20 shareholders list table: top 20 shareholders s/no.: 1., name of shareholder: golden nugget jinzhuan limited, number of shares: 177,053,150, % : 22.60 s/no.: 2., name of shareholder: mamoru taniya, number of shares: 96,428,571, % : 12.31 s/no.: 3., name of shareholder: hsbc singapore nominees pte ltd, number of shares: 88,211,875, % : 11.26 s/no.: 4., name of shareholder: dbs nominees pte ltd, number of shares: 76,231,620, % : 9.73 s/no.: 5., name of shareholder: citibank nominees singapore pte ltd, number of shares: 76,154,398, % : 9.72 s/no.: 6., name of shareholder: luminor pacific fund 1 ltd in members' voluntary liquidation , number of shares: 56,660,756, % : 7.23 s/no.: 7., name of shareholder: luminor pacific fund 2 ltd, number of shares: 44,514,009, % : 5.68 s/no.: 8., name of shareholder: raffles nominees pte limited, number of shares: 33,493,904, % : 4.28 s/no.: 9., name of shareholder: kwan chee seng, number of shares: 17,386,507, % : 2.22 s/no.: 10., name of shareholder: bpss nominees singapore pte.
ltd., number of shares: 10,324,880, % : 1.32 s/no.: 11., name of shareholder: global money ventures ag, number of shares: 8,767,710, % : 1.12 s/no.: 12., name of shareholder: phillip securities pte ltd, number of shares: 6,770,900, % : 0.86 s/no.: 13., name of shareholder: foo fatt kah, number of shares: 6,688,057, % : 0.85 s/no.: 14., name of shareholder: starland holdings limited, number of shares: 6,547,324, % : 0.84 s/no.: 15., name of shareholder: uob kay hian pte ltd, number of shares: 5,861,300, % : 0.75 s/no.: 16., name of shareholder: db nominees singapore pte ltd, number of shares: 5,356,000, % : 0.68 s/no.: 17., name of shareholder: henry cheong ying chew, number of shares: 4,018,369, % : 0.51 s/no.: 18., name of shareholder: terence tan eng chuan, number of shares: 4,018,369, % : 0.51 s/no.: 19., name of shareholder: baltische bauentwicklungsgesellschaft mbh, number of shares: 3,788,100, % : 0.48 s/no.: 20., name of shareholder: dominic anthony morris, number of shares: 2,968,178, % : 0.38 s/no.: total , number of shares: 731,243,977 , % : 93.33 table end.
the percentage of shareholdings is calculated based on the total number of issued share capital of 783,267,291 ordinary shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings of the company “shares” as at 26 march 2021. shareholdings statistics as at 26 march 2021 table: shareholding statistics name of substantial shareholder: golden nugget jinzhuan limited, direct interest - number of shares: 177,053,150, direct interest - percentage % : 22.60, deemed interest - number of shares: -, deemed interest - percentage % : - name of substantial shareholder: mamoru taniya, direct interest - number of shares: 96,428,571, direct interest - percentage % : 12.31, deemed interest - number of shares: -, deemed interest - percentage % : - name of substantial shareholder: luminor pacific fund 1 ltd in members' voluntary liquidation , direct interest - number of shares: 56,660,756, direct interest - percentage % : 7.23, deemed interest - number of shares: -, deemed interest - percentage % : - name of substantial shareholder: luminor pacific fund 2 ltd, direct interest - number of shares: 44,514,009, direct interest - percentage % : 5.68, deemed interest - number of shares: 44,514,009, deemed interest - percentage % : 5.68 name of substantial shareholder: luminor capital pte.
ltd., direct interest - number of shares: -, direct interest - percentage % : -, deemed interest - number of shares: 44,514,009, deemed interest - percentage % : 5.68 name of substantial shareholder: kwan chee seng, direct interest - number of shares: 17,386,507, direct interest - percentage % : 2.22, deemed interest - number of shares: 51,061,333, deemed interest - percentage % : 6.52 name of substantial shareholder: foo fatt kah, direct interest - number of shares: 6,688,057, direct interest - percentage % : 0.85, deemed interest - number of shares: 44,514,009, deemed interest - percentage % : 5.68 name of substantial shareholder: kwan yu wen, direct interest - number of shares: -, direct interest - percentage % : -, deemed interest - number of shares: 44,514,009, deemed interest - percentage % : 5.68 table end.
notes: 1 the percentage of shareholdings is calculated based on the total number of issued share capital of 783,267,291 ordinary shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings of the company "shares" as at 26 march 2021. 2 by virtue of section 4 of the sfa, luminor capital pte.
ltd.
"luminor capital" , a fund manager which manages luminor pacific fund 2 ltd.
"lpf2" on a discretionary basis is deemed to have an interest in the 44,514,009 shares held by lpf2.
3 kwan chee seng holds 30% of the share capital of luminor capital, the fund manager of lpf2 which manages lpf2 on a discretionary basis.
kwan chee seng is deemed to have an interest in the 44,514,009 shares held by lpf2 by virtue of the percentage of shares held by him in the share capital of luminor capital.
starland holdings limited is an 83.17%-owned subsidiary of grp chongqing land pte.
ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of grp land pte.
ltd.
which is in turn wholly-owned by grp limited.
kwan chee seng has a shareholding interest of 35.55% in grp limited.
by virtue of section 7 of the companies act, kwan chee seng is deemed to have an interest in the 6,547,324 shares held by starland holdings limited.
4 foo fatt kah holds 50% of the share capital of luminor capital, the fund manager of lpf2 which manages lpf2 on a discretionary basis.
foo fatt kah is deemed to have an interest in the 44,514,009 shares held by lpf2 by virtue of the percentage of shares held by him in the share capital of luminor capital.
5 kwan yu wen holds 20% of the share capital of luminor capital, the fund manager of lpf2 which manages lpf2 on a discretionary basis.
kwan yu wen is deemed to have an interest in the 44,514,009 shares held by lpf2 by virtue of the percentage of shares held by her in the share capital of luminor capital.