2022 annual report courage investment group limited 勇利投资集团有限公司 incorporated in bermuda with limited liability hong kong stock code: 1145 singapore stock code: cin notes: - the image contains a logo of the company, an abstract design, and the company's name, stock code, and location information.
- the company is incorporated in bermuda with limited liability and its stock codes are 1145 for hong kong and cin for singapore.
- the image is a visual representation of courage investment group limited's annual report for 2022.
contents - corporate information 3 - chairman’s statement 4 - management discussion and analysis 6 - biographical details of directors and senior management 14 - report of the directors 16 - corporate governance report 21 - environmental, social and governance report 33 - independent auditor’s report 53 - consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 58 - consolidated statement of financial position 59 - consolidated statement of changes in equity 61 - consolidated statement of cash flows 63 - notes to the consolidated financial statements 65 - five-year financial summary 116 abbreviations in this annual report, the following abbreviations have the following meanings unless otherwise specified: - "bdi" baltic dry index - "board" board of directors of the company - "bye-laws" bye-laws of the company - "company" courage investment group limited - "directors" directors of the company - "dead weight tonnage" dead weight tonnage - "group" the company and its subsidiaries - "hong kong listing rules" rules governing the listing of securities on the hong kong stock exchange - "hong kong stock exchange" the stock exchange of hong kong limited - "model code" model code for securities transactions by directors of listed issuers set out in appendix 10 to the hong kong listing rules - "prc" people's republic of china - "sfo" securities and futures ordinance chapter 571 of the laws of hong kong - "sgx-st" singapore exchange securities trading limited - "hk$" hong kong dollars, the lawful currency of hong kong - "us$" and "us singapore cents" united states dollars and singapore cents, the lawful currency of the united states of america - "%" per cent.
the chinese version of this annual report is a translation of the english version and is for reference only.
in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies between the english version and the chinese version, the english version shall prevail.
2 courage investment group logo courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate information board of directors executive directors mr.
sue ka lok chairman ms.
wang yu independent non-executive directors mr.
zhou qijin mr.
pau shiu ming mr.
tsao hoi ho audit committee mr.
tsao hoi ho chairman mr.
zhou qijin mr.
pau shiu ming remuneration committee mr.
pau shiu ming chairman mr.
zhou qijin mr.
tsao hoi ho nomination committee mr.
zhou qijin chairman mr.
pau shiu ming mr.
tsao hoi ho mr.
sue ka lok chief executive officer mr.
yuen chee lap, carl company secretary ms.
wang yu deputy company secretary ms.
lee pih peng trading of shares hong kong stock exchange stock code: 1145 singapore exchange stock code: cin registered office clarendon house 2 church street hamilton hm 11 bermuda principal place of business room 1501, 15th floor great eagle centre 23 harbour road wanchai hong kong principal bankers and financier bank of communications co., ltd., hong kong branch bank of communications hong kong limited hang seng bank limited sinopac capital international hk limited auditor deloitte touche tohmatsu certified public accountants registered public interest entity auditors principal share registrar and transfer office conyers corporate services bermuda limited clarendon house 2 church street hamilton hm 11 bermuda hong kong branch share registrar and transfer office tricor investor services limited 17/f, far east finance centre 16 harcourt road hong kong singapore share transfer agent unit trust/share registration boardroom corporate & advisory services pte.
ltd.
1 harbourfront avenue 14-07 keppel bay tower singapore 098632 website www.courageinv.com courage investment group limited annual report 2022 3 chairman's statement on behalf of the board, i am pleased to present to the shareholders of the company the results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2022 "fy2022".
results during fy2022, the group continued to principally engage in the business of marine transportation, investment holding, property holding and investment, and merchandise trading.
overall speaking, the market conditions of the group's marine transportation business had improved considerably during the year primarily due to the revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the pandemic, amid the market uncertainties brought by the russia-ukraine war, the intermittent disruptions to the global supply chain owing to congestions of some main ports including the ones in china, and the rising inflation and interest rates resulted in slower economic growth in some major economies in the latter part of the year.
for fy2022, the group reported an increase in revenue by 27% to us$12,372,000 2021: us$9,738,000, driven by the increase in revenue of the marine transportation business, and recorded a profit attributable to owners of the company of us$1,123,000 2021: us$10,488,000.
basic earnings per share were us0.10 cent 2021: us0.96 singapore cents.
the decrease in the group's profit was mainly attributed to the recognition of impairment loss on vessels of us$797,000 2021: reversal of impairment loss of us$13,430,000, though partly offset by i the increase in profit contribution from the group's marine transportation operation to us$5,436,000 2021: us$3,938,000; and ii the decrease in net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income to us$1,402,000 2021: us$5,360,000.
prospects with the full relaxation of anti-covid measures in many countries and global trading activities are returning to their normality, the group is prudently optimistic about the prospects of the marine transportation business in the medium to long term, amidst the russia-ukraine war and the fast rising inflation and interest rates in some major economies including the us are bringing uncertainties to the market.
the group has yet to acquire a second-hand supramax vessel as the price of this vessel class has increased significantly since 2021, however, there are signs recently that the second-hand dry bulk vessel market is softening compared to its peak in around mid-2022 and some buying opportunities have emerged.
looking forward, the group will continue with its plan of acquiring a second-hand dry bulk vessel, and may include the panamax size carrier with greater carrying capacity i.e.
about 75,000 dead weight tonnage than supramax as its target vessel type, which will allow more options to the group.
the group will inform shareholders of any update of the vessel acquisition as and when appropriate.
moreover, the group will continue to manage its businesses in a disciplined manner, as well as to explore potential investment and acquisition opportunities and business enhancement strategies which are expected to bring long-term benefits to the group.
.
4 chairman's statement appreciation i would like to express my sincere thanks to all our shareholders, investors, bankers, business associates and customers for their continuing support to the group, my fellow directors for their valuable services, and all staff members for their dedicated efforts during fy2022.
sue ka lok chairman hong kong, 24 march 2023 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 5 management discussion and analysis business review during the year ended 31 december 2022 “fy2022”, the group continued to principally engage in the business of marine transportation, investment holding, property holding and investment, and merchandise trading.
overall speaking, the market conditions of the group’s marine transportation business had improved considerably during the year, primarily due to the revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the pandemic, amid the market uncertainties brought by the russia-ukraine war, the intermittent disruptions to the global supply chain owing to congestions of some main ports including the ones in china, and the rising inflation and interest rates resulted in slower economic growth in some major economies in the latter part of the year.
for fy2022, the group reported an increase in revenue by 27% to us$12,372,000 2021: us$9,738,000, driven by the increase in revenue of the marine transportation business, and recorded a profit attributable to owners of the company of us$1,123,000 2021: us$10,488,000.
marine transportation for fy2022, the revenue of the group’s marine transportation business increased by 35% to us$12,079,000 2021: us$8,976,000, and with its profit increased by 38% to us$5,436,000 2021: us$3,938,000.
the increases in revenue and profit of the operation were mainly attributed to the improved market conditions of the marine chartering industry and the general increase in charter rates of the group's vessels during the year.
there has been a revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the covid pandemic, including the full re-activation of major economies including china, the us and europe, notwithstanding the market uncertainties brought by the russia-ukraine war, the intermittent disruptions to the global supply chain owing to congestions of some main ports including the ones in china, and the fast rising inflation and interest rate hikes in some countries including the us which hindered their economic growth.
following the success of many governments in containing the social impact of the pandemic, and the relaxation of anti-covid measures in many countries, there has been a full revival of economic activities worldwide and global trade has regained momentum.
the bdi, which is closely correlated to market freight rate, remained volatile during fy2022 by reaching its peak of over 3,300 points in august 2022, and was hovering between the 1,500 to 2,500 points level for much of the year, compared to the 2,000 to 3,000 points level in 2021.
the current market outlook worldwide.
in view of the prevailing market conditions, the group is prudently optimistic about the prospects of the marine transportation business in the medium to long term.
the carrying capacity of the group's dry bulk fleet, which currently comprises three supramax size vessels, is approximately 171,000 dead weight tonnage.
the group has yet to acquire a second-hand supramax vessel as the price of this vessel type has increased significantly since 2021, however, there are signs recently that the second-hand dry bulk vessel market is softening compared to its peak in around mid-2022 and some buying opportunities have emerged.
the group has not yet identified a suitable target vessel as of the date of this annual report.
nevertheless, the group will continue with its plan of acquiring a second-hand dry bulk vessel, and may include the panamax size carrier with greater carrying capacity i.e.
about 75,000 dead weight tonnage than supramax as its target vessel type, which will allow more options to the group.
the group will inform shareholders of any update of the vessel acquisition as and when appropriate.
6 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 management discussion and analysis at 31 december 2022, with reference to the then prevailing market conditions including second-hand prices of similar vessels in terms of country of build, tonnage and age and market freight rate, an impairment loss on vessels amounted to us$797,000 2021: reversal of impairment loss of us$13,430,000 was recognised in fy2022, which partly offset the group's profitable results for the year.
investment holding the group's investment holding business contributed a revenue of us$293,000 2021: us$581,000 and recorded a loss of us$1,104,000 2021: us$4,843,000 for fy2022.
the revenue of the business represented allowance for credit losses on debt instruments i.e.
corporate bonds at fair value through other comprehensive income "fvtoci" of us$1,402,000 2021: us$5,360,000.
the recognition of the credit losses was primarily a result of the further deterioration of the financial position of the issuers of the corporate bonds held by the group during fy2022.
these bond issuers are all property companies based in the mainland and their credit ratings have been withdrawn or downgraded by the credit rating agencies, and some of the bonds held by the group are in default status due to non-payments of interest and/or principal.
as the group expected the uncertainties of the financial position of these bond issuers would ultimately affect the collection of contractual cash flows from their bonds, a net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci of us$1,402,000 2021: us$5,360,000, which mainly reflected the significant increase of credit risks of these bonds, was recognised during the year.
the group had engaged an independent qualified professional valuer to perform an impairment assessment on these debt instruments under the expected credit losses "ecl" model.
the measurement of ecl is a function of the probability of default and the estimation of default magnitude as if there is a default, and the assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information.
the estimation of ecl reflects an unbiased amount that is determined with the respective risks, the magnitude of the loss, and also probability-weighted as the weights, and also the group’s debt instruments for the year.
in determining the ecl on the group's debt instruments, the management had worked closely with the independent qualified professional valuer and taken into account factors including the withdrawal or downgrading of credit rating of the bond issuers by the credit rating agencies, the defaults of the bond issuers in their payments of interest and/or principal, and forward-looking information including the future macroeconomic conditions affecting the operations of the bond issuers.
during the year, the group continued to invest in listed corporate bonds.
the corporate bonds held by the group at the year end were issued by seven property companies with a yield to maturity upon acquisition of these bonds ranging from approximately 5.37% to 12.33% per annum.
the group’s investment strategy for bonds with good interest yield that commensurate with their default risk.
for making investment decisions on bonds of individual target company, references will usually be made to its announcements, latest financial information, dividend policy and business prospects.
management discussion and analysis at the year end, the group's investments classified as debt instruments at fvtoci comprised current and non-current portions of us$264,000 2021: us$3,814,000 and us$1,656,000 2021: us$6,545,000 and representing a portfolio of corporate bonds.
the group had not made any new investments in corporate bonds during the year.
during fy2022, principal of certain debt instruments totalling us$2,450,000 were redeemed.
for fy2022, a net decrease in fair value of the group’s debt instruments at fvtoci of us$2,439,000 2021: us$3,862,000 was recognised as other comprehensive expense primarily owing to the decrease in their market values.
property holding and investment in february 2022, the group entered into a conditional provisional sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to dispose of the group’s investment property at a consideration of hk$68,300,000 equivalent to us$8,756,000.
the transaction was approved by the company’s shareholders in a special general meeting held on 28 april 2022 and was completed on 6 june 2022.
upon completion of the disposal, a loss on disposal of us$183,000 representing the direct expenses related to the disposal was recognised, which largely accounted for the loss incurred by the business for the year of us$196,000 2021: us$313,000.
during fy2022, the group’s property holding and investment business had no revenue 2021: us$181,000 as the investment property, being an office unit at shun tak centre, sheung wan, hong kong, was vacant during the year before it was disposed of.
the group is not holding any investment property at present and will look for acquisition opportunities of investment properties with good rental yield and/or high appreciation potential.
merchandise trading during fy2022, mainly owing to the effect of the prolonged continuation of the covid pandemic, the group’s merchandise trading business, which focusing on trading of electronic components, remained in temporary halt and no revenue 2021: nil was generated.
the loss incurred by the business of us$91,000 2021: nil represented the allowance for credit losses recognised for other receivables of the business.
the group intends to resume the business when market conditions improve.
share of result of a joint venture for fy2022, the loss of the joint venture shared by the group amounted to us$758,000 2021: profit of us$87,000 and was mainly related to the decrease in fair value of an industrial property in shanghai, china held under the joint venture, the property is vacant at present and is intended for leasing.
at 31 december 2022, the carrying value of the group's investment in the joint venture was us$4,015,000 2021: us$5,167,000 and the major asset held by it is the aforementioned industrial property.
overall results for fy2022, the group recorded a profit attributable to owners of the company of us$1,123,000 2021: us$10,488,000 and a total comprehensive expense attributable to owners of the company of us$314,000 2021: total comprehensive income of us$12,122,000.
the decrease in the group’s profit was mainly attributed to the recognition of impairment loss on vessels of us$797,000 2021: reversal of impairment loss of us$13,430,000, though partly offset by i the increase in profit contribution from the group’s marine transportation operation to us$5,436,000 2021: us$3,938,000; and ii the decrease in net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci to us$1,402,000 2021: us$5,360,000.
8 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 management discussion and analysis financial review liquidity, financial resources and capital structure during fy2022, the group financed its operation mainly by cash generated from operations, credit facilities provided by a financial institution as well as shareholders' funds.
at 31 december 2022, the group had current assets of us$18,277,000 2021: us$13,122,000 and liquid assets comprising bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents totalling us$15,819,000 2021: us$7,784,000.
the group’s current ratio, calculated based on current assets over current liabilities of us$3,826,000 2021: us$5,374,000, was at a strong ratio of about 4.78 at the year end 2021: 2.44.
the significant increase in current ratio was mainly attributed to the net proceeds received from the disposal of an investment property with carrying value of us$8,756,000 during the year, which in turn led to the increase in bank balances.
at 31 december 2022, the equity attributable to owners of the company amounted to us$61,138,000 2021: us$61,452,000, decreased by us$314,000 compared with the prior year end and was mainly a result of the net decrease in fair value of debt instruments at fvtoci of us$2,439,000 2021: us$3,862,000, after offsetting the profit earned by the group of us$1,123,000 2021: us$1,048,000 during the year.
at the year end, the group’s borrowings represented loans from a financial institution mainly applied for financing the holdings of vessels.
the borrowings comprised a non-current portion of us$756,000 2021: us$4,878,000 and a current portion of us$2,122,000 2021: us$4,908,000, totalling us$2,878,000 in light of the fast rising interest rate.
at 31 december 2022, the borrowings were denominated in united states dollars, bore interest at floating rates, and were secured by two vessels owned by the group.
the following is an analysis of the group's borrowings and maturity profile: table: group data : , 2022: , 2021: : current service cost, 2022: 844,395, 2021: 925,486 : within a period not exceeding one year, 2022: 2,122, 2021: 4,908 : within a period of more than one year, 2022: 756, 2021: 2,122 : but not exceeding two years, 2022: -, 2021: 2,756 the amounts due are based on the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 9 management discussion and analysis for fy2022, the group’s finance costs of us$346,000 2021: us$447,000 represented mainly interests for the borrowings, finance costs decreased by 23% was mainly a result that the group had fully repaid a bank loan of us$2,786,000 in march 2022.
the group’s gearing ratio, calculated on the basis of total borrowings of us$2,878,000 2021: us$9,786,000 divided by total equity of us$61,138,000 2021: us$61,452,000, was at a low ratio of about 5% 2021: 16% at the year end.
with the amount of liquid assets on hand as well as the credit facilities granted by a financial institution, the management is of the view that the group has sufficient financial resources to meet its ongoing operational requirement.
use of proceeds from the open offer in january 2021, the company successfully raised us$9,148,000 before expenses by way of an open offer of 548,851,784 offer shares with aggregate nominal value of us$548,851,784 at the subscription price was fixed the closing price of the company’s shares was hk$0.193 on the day when the record date the “open offer”.
the net proceeds from the open offer were us$8,621,000 equivalent to a net subscription price of approximately hk$0.12 per offer share, of which a sum of us$2,821,000 was utilised as intended to repay a bank revolving loan to achieve immediate saving in finance costs, whilst the remainder of the net proceeds of us$5,800,000 was earmarked as working capital for the group’s marine transportation business.
as opposed to the original intention to apply approximately 50% of the remainder of the proceeds to its marine transportation business, approximately 40% to its investment holding business and approximately 10% to its merchandise trading business as working capital, the net proceeds from the open offer were not applied as would be the case as the merchandise trading and investment holding businesses as the group was not active in its merchandise trading business and activities primarily owing to the adverse economic impact brought by the prolonged continuation of the covid pandemic.
the company has therefore earmarked the remaining net proceeds of us$5,800,000 as working capital for the group’s marine transportation business before any acquisition of a vessel is proceeded with.
such working capital would be continually be used and replenished in the course of operation on an ongoing basis.
owing to the revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the covid pandemic, the outlook of the marine transportation industry has improved and remained positive, the price range of the second-hand supramax vessels with varying specifications that are under consideration by the management has increased to around us$13 million to us$16 million, about 50% higher than the management’s original estimate of us$7 million to us$12 million back in 2021, but lower than the second-hand dry bulk vessel market in around mid-2022.
the management is in the course of evaluating certain vessel buying opportunities have emerged.
the management is in the course of evaluating certain vessel buying opportunities and it is still the group’s intention to reutilise the remaining net proceeds of the open offer of us$5,800,000 to acquire a second-hand dry bulk vessel, and may include the panamax size carrier with greater carrying capacity i.e.
about 75,000 dead weight tonnage than supramax as its target vessel type, which will allow more options to the group.
the management will continue to closely monitor the market conditions and will inform shareholders of any update of the vessel acquisition as and when appropriate.
.
10 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 management discussion and analysis foreign currency management the monetary assets and liabilities as well as business transactions of the group are mainly denominated in united states dollars or hong kong dollars.
during fy2022, the group had not experienced any significant exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, as such, the group had not entered into any financial arrangements for hedging purposes.
appropriate measures will be undertaken by the group should exchange rate fluctuations become significant.
pledge of assets at 31 december 2022, two vessels 2021: three vessels with an aggregate carrying amount of us$27,404,000 2021: us$42,279,000 including dry-docking were pledged to a financial institution 2021: a bank and a financial institution as security for the loan facilities granted to the group.
contingent liabilities at 31 december 2022, the group had no significant contingent liability 2021: nil.
capital commitments at 31 december 2022, the group had no significant capital commitment 2021: nil.
event after the reporting period subsequent to the end of the reporting period, in connection with the claim made by the owner of the other vessel referred to in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, the group has paid a security deposit of us$1,000,000 to the supreme court of singapore pending settlement of the collision event as defined therein.
the security deposit is to be refunded upon the closure of the collision event as defined therein, which collision event has no significant impact to the group’s operations.
the directors considered that the sustained minor damages in the event, is in normal operation.
employees and remuneration policy at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 2021: 16 employees including directors of the company.
for fy2022, staff costs including directors’ emoluments amounted to us$703,000 2021: us$778,000.
the remuneration packages for directors and staff are normally reviewed annually and are structured by reference to prevailing market terms and individual competence, performance and experience.
the group operates a mandatory provident fund scheme the “mpf scheme” for employees in hong kong.
in addition, the group provides other employee benefits including medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.
the group’s contributions to the mpf scheme for its employees are fully and immediately vested in the employees once the contributions are made.
accordingly, there are no forfeited contributions under the mpf scheme that may be used by the group to reduce the existing level of contributions.
during fy2022, the group continued to engage a crew agency to provide crew services about 44 crew members for two of the group’s vessels, crew expenses for the year amounting to us$2,679,000 2021: us$1,892,000.
11 management discussion and analysis risk factors the group has identified and is facing a number of significant risks during fy2022.
some of these risks are ongoing factors which the industry has to cope with in the medium to long term.
other risk factors are specific to the group.
economic risk the prolonged continuation of the covid pandemic, the heightened political and economic tensions between china and the us, and the russia-ukraine war were the major factors that resulted in the volatility of bdi during fy2022.
the bdi, which has a close correlation to freight rate, was at its peak of over 3,300 points in may 2022, hit its low of about 1,000 points in august 2022, and was hovering between the 1,500 to 2,500 points level for much of the year.
the movement of bdi is outside of the group's control and would have a material effect on the financial performance of the group's marine transportation business.
the global economic conditions and the state of international financial and investment markets, including the economy, financial and investment markets of the us, mainland china and hong kong, of which the group has no control, have significant influence on the financial performance of the group's investment holding business.
market risk the group’s marine transportation business is operating in a rather volatile market.
the business of dry bulk cargo carriers is subject to demand for chartering services and supply of vessels by cargo shippers in the region as well as the worldwide market.
the group is therefore facing intense competition among shippers.
financial risk the group is exposed to financial risks relating to foreign currency, interest rate, credit and liquidity in its ordinary course of business.
details of such risks and management policies are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.
environment risk the group is constantly exposed to inherent risks such as oil spills, pollution, collisions, mechanical breakdown of its vessels, adverse weather conditions, fire or other calamity.
any of these factors may cause disruptions to the group's marine transportation business and result in loss or damage to its vessels or cargo.
the group may also be liable for damages or compensation payable and its existing insurance may not be able to cover all claims fully or its costs may increase significantly.
this may adversely affect the financial performance of the group's marine transportation business.
customer risk the group has been relied on a small number of customers in the last few years.
this has been limiting the group's bargaining power on freight rates and flexibility in freight contract options.
the group may not be able to expand its customer base in the short to medium term in light of the prevailing competitive market conditions which may adversely affect the financial performance of the group's marine transportation business.
12 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 management discussion and analysis supply chain risk the group sources goods and products from a wide range of suppliers.
the cooperation is based on well-entrenched relationship and fair terms of trade between the group and its suppliers.
however, the group cannot warrant that the relationship with each supplier will remain unchanged, in the event the group is unable to reach agreement upon reasonable terms with any suppliers and cannot find suitable substitute suppliers, the group's marine transportation business may be affected.
compliance with relevant laws and regulations as far as the board and the management are aware, the group has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the businesses and operations of the group.
during the year, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the group.
relationship with employees, customers and suppliers the group understands the importance of maintaining good relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers to meet its immediate and long-term business goals.
during fy2022, there were no significant disputes between the group and its employees, customers and suppliers.
environmental policies and performance the group is committed to the long-term sustainability of the environment and communities in which it operates.
the group is closely following the rules and regulations of the international maritime organisation "imo".
the imo sets out a number of regulations and guidelines for the shipping industry that include safety, environment, human, technical, legal and security elements.
the group has established internal control systems and procedures based on these rules, especially the international safety management code.
the group's internal control systems are subject to annual review and audit by the imo compliance agents.
the group is working vigorously to improve its performance in order to follow and match the ever-changing requirements of the industry and the imo in particular.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 13 biographical details of directors and senior management the biographical details of directors and senior management are set out below: executive directors mr.
sue ka lok "mr.
sue", chairman aged 57, rejoined the company as executive director in november 2021 and was re-appointed as the chairman of the board in january 2022.
mr.
sue is a member of the nomination committee and a director of various subsidiaries of the company.
mr.
sue first joined the company as executive director and the chairman of the board in october 2015, stepped down from the position as chairman of the board and designated as non-executive director in october 2017, re-appointed as the chairman of the board in february 2018, and subsequently resigned as non-executive director and the chairman of the board in january 2021.
mr.
sue holds a bachelor of economics degree from the university of sydney in australia and a master of science in finance degree from the city university of hong kong.
mr.
sue is a fellow of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, a fellow certified practicing accountant of the cpa australia, a fellow of the hong kong securities and investment institute, and a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both the hong kong chartered governance institute and the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom.
he has extensive experience in corporate management, finance, accounting and company secretarial practice.
ms.
wang yu "ms.
wang", company secretary aged 47, joined the group as executive director in october 2017, appointed as joint company secretary in february 2019 and subsequently appointed as company secretary in march 2019.
she is a director of various subsidiaries of the company.
ms.
wang holds a bachelor of arts degree from the university of science and technology of china, bachelor of laws degree from manchester metropolitan university, master of business administration degree from the university of birmingham in the united kingdom, and a fellow of both the hong kong chartered governance institute and the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom.
she has experience in logistics industry, corporate administration and company secretarial practice.
independent non-executive directors mr.
zhou qijin "mr.
zhou" aged 62, joined the group as independent non-executive director in october 2015 and is the chairman of the nomination committee and a member of the audit committee and the remuneration committee.
mr.
zhou holds a bachelor's degree in law from the southwest university of political science and law, the prc.
he has extensive experience in property investments and automobile sales and marketing in the prc.
biographical details of directors and senior management mr.
pau shiu ming "mr.
pau" aged 73, joined the group as independent non-executive director in april 2018 and is the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the audit committee and the nomination committee.
mr.
pau holds a bachelor of social sciences degree from the university of hong kong.
mr.
pau had held senior roles in various international banks and has extensive experience in the banking and finance industry.
mr.
tsao hoi ho "mr.
tsao" aged 58, joined the group as independent non-executive director in november 2019 and is the chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee and the nomination committee.
mr.
tsao holds a master of business administration degree from the university of warwick in the united kingdom.
mr.
tsao is a certified public accountant practising of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, an associate of the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom and an associate of the australasian institute of banking and finance.
mr.
tsao has over 20 years' extensive experience in auditing, corporate finance and company secretarial practice.
senior management mr.
yuen chee lap, carl "mr.
yuen", chief executive officer and financial controller aged 49, joined the company as financial manager in january 2004 and was appointed as financial controller in may 2006.
mr.
yuen has taken up the additional role as chief executive officer since september 2019 and is responsible for the group's overall operations.
mr.
yuen obtained a bachelor of business administration degree and a master of business administration degree from the university of houston, united states in 1997 and 1998 respectively.
he is a member of the association of hong kong accountants.
mr.
yuen has rich experience in finance and accounting both in hong kong and the united states.
he started his career in a united states listed company in 2000 and served as its chief financial officer from 2000 to 2003.
mr.
yuen is an independent non-executive director of qianhai health holdings limited stock code: 911, a company listed on the main board of the hong kong stock exchange.
.
15 report of the directors the directors are pleased to present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022.
principal activities and business review the company acts as an investment holding.
the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.
further discussion and analysis of the group's activities as required by schedule 5 to the companies ordinance chapter 622 of the laws of hong kong, including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties the group is facing, the particulars of important events that have occurred since the end of the financial year, an indication of likely future developments in the group's businesses, the key relationships with employees, customers and suppliers, and the compliance with laws and regulations, can be found in the “chairman's statement” and “management discussion and analysis” sections set out on pages 4 to 13 of this annual report and the "corporate governance report" set out on pages 21 to 32 of this annual report.
these discussions form part of this directors’ report.
in addition, discussions on the group’s environmental policies and performance are contained in the “environmental, social and governance report” on pages 33 to 52 of this annual report.
results the results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 58.
final dividend the board has resolved not to declare the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 december 2022 2021: nil.
five-year financial summary a summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of the company, is set out on page 116.
this summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.
property, plant and equipment details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the group during the year are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
investment property details of movements in the investment property of the group during the year are set out in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
share capital details of movements in the company’s share capital during the year are set out in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.
distributable reserve of the company the company has distributable reserve of us$24,995,000 2021: us$34,010,000 as at 31 december 2022 available for distribution to its shareholders.
16 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 report of the directors major customers and suppliers during the year, sales to the group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 100.0% 2021: 93.6% of the total revenue for the year and sales to the largest customer accounted for approximately 44.4% 2021: 36.5%.
purchases from the group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 50.5% 2021: 45.1% of the total purchases for the year and purchases from the largest supplier accounted for approximately 43.3% 2021: 38.1%.
none of the directors of the company or any of their close associates or any shareholders which, to the best knowledge of the directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the company had any beneficial interest in the group’s five largest customers or suppliers during the year.
directors the directors of the company during the year and up to the date of this annual report were: executive directors: mr.
sue ka lok ms.
wang yu non-executive director: dr.
feng xiaogang resigned on 31 december 2022 independent non-executive directors: mr.
zhou qijin mr.
pau shiu ming mr.
tsao hoi ho in accordance with bye-law 86 of the bye-laws, each director shall retire at least once every three years.
accordingly, mr.
tsao hoi ho will retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company the “2023 agm”, and being eligible, offer himself for re-election.
directors’ service contracts none of the directors being proposed for re-election at the 2023 agm has a service contract with the company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.
.
17 report of the directors permitted indemnity provisions pursuant to the bye-laws, every director or other officer of the company for the time being acting in relation to any affairs of the company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which he/she may incur or sustain in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may happen in the execution of his report of the directors interests and short positions of shareholders disclosable under the sfo as at 31 december 2022, the following interests of more than 5% of the total number of issued shares of the company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the company pursuant to section 336 of the sfo: long positions in the shares of the company: name of shareholder: , capacity and nature of interest: , number of shares held: , approximate percentage of the company's issued shares: name of shareholder: suen cho hung, paul "mr.
suen", capacity and nature of interest: interest of controlled corporation, number of shares held: 315,990,132 note, approximate percentage of the company's issued shares: 28.79% name of shareholder: brilliant epic asia limited "brilliant epic", capacity and nature of interest: interest of controlled corporation, number of shares held: 315,990,132 note, approximate percentage of the company's issued shares: 28.79% name of shareholder: success united development limited "success united", capacity and nature of interest: beneficial owner, number of shares held: 315,990,132 note, approximate percentage of the company's issued shares: 28.79% note: success united was a wholly-owned subsidiary of brilliant epic which was, in turn, wholly owned by mr.
suen.
mr.
suen was the sole director of brilliant epic and success united.
accordingly, brilliant epic and mr.
suen were deemed to be interested in 315,990,132 shares of the company held by success united under the sfo.
the interests of mr.
suen, brilliant epic and success united in 315,990,132 shares of the company referred to in the note above related to the same parcel of shares.
save as disclosed above, the company had not been notified of any other relevant interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the company as at 31 december 2022 as required pursuant to section 336 of the sfo.
related party transactions the related party disclosures in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements fall under the scope of "connected transactions" or "continuing connected transactions" under chapter 14a of the hong kong listing rules but are exempted from reporting, annual review, announcement or independent shareholders' approval requirements.
remuneration policy the group remunerates its employees based on their competence, performance, experience and prevailing market terms.
other employee benefits included provident fund scheme, medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.
directors' interests in competing business during the year and up to the date of this annual report, none of the directors, or any of their respective close associates as defined in the hong kong listing rules had any material interest in a business that competes or may compete with the businesses of the group.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 19 report of the directors pre-emptive rights there are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the bye-laws or the companies act 1981 of bermuda which would oblige the company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.
purchase, sale or redemption of the company's listed securities during the year ended 31 december 2022, neither the company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the company's listed securities.
equity-linked agreements save for the share option scheme of the company disclosed above, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the group, or existed during the year.
management contracts no contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the company was entered into or existed during the year.
audit committee the audited consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022 have been reviewed by the audit committee and are duly approved by the board under the recommendation of the audit committee.
auditor the consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022 have been audited by deloitte touche tohmatsu.
a resolution will be proposed at the 2023 agm to re-appoint deloitte touche tohmatsu as auditor of the company.
on behalf of the board sue ka lok chairman hong kong, 24 march 2023 annual report 2022 20 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the company has recognised the importance of transparency and accountability, and believes that shareholders can benefit from good corporate governance.
the company aims to achieve good standard of corporate governance.
cultures and values the board believes a healthy corporate culture is vital in attaining the group’s vision, values and strategy.
it trusts that conducting business in an ethical and reliable way will maximise its long-term interests and those of its stakeholders.
the structure of corporate governance adopted by the company emphasises a quality board, sound internal controls and accountability to shareholders and these are based upon an ethical corporate culture.
it is the board’s mission to establish and foster a healthy corporate culture with the following principles and to ensure that the company’s vision, values and business strategies are aligned to it.
i ethics and integrity the group strives to maintain a high standard of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities.
directors, management and staff are all required to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly.
such required standards are set out in the group’s code of conduct, anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy further discussions on the two policies are in the sections below.
trainings are conducted from time to time to reinforce the values across the group and to uphold the standards with respect to ethics and integrity.
ii commitment to excellence the group believes commitment to excellence is the first step to continuous improvement and the driving force behind a business organisation.
the group implements a performance appraisal system and aims to reward and recognise performing staff by providing them competitive remuneration packages, as well as the opportunities of career development and progression within the group.
such values are articulated in policies, procedures and processes in day-to-day operations.
department heads are responsible to set expectations for staff with respect to their roles and responsibilities.
in addition, staff are also encouraged to enroll in external training courses and seminars in order to update their technical skills and keep abreast of the market and regulatory developments.
corporate governance the company had complied with all the applicable provisions of the corporate governance code the "cg code" set out in appendix 14 to the hong kong listing rules for the year ended 31 december 2022.
directors' securities transactions the company has adopted the model code set out in appendix 10 to the hong kong listing rules as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors of the company.
having made specific enquiry with the directors, all of them confirmed that they had complied with the required standards set out in the model code during the year ended 31 december 2022.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 21 corporate governance report board of directors the board formulates the overall strategy of the group, monitors its financial performance and maintains effective oversight over the management.
the board members are fully committed to their roles and have acted in good faith to maximise the shareholders' value in the long run, and have aligned the group's goals and directions with the prevailing economic and market conditions.
daily operations and administration are delegated to the management.
the board met regularly throughout the year to discuss the overall business strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the group.
the directors are kept informed on timely basis of major changes that may affect the group's businesses, including relevant rules and regulations.
the directors can, upon reasonable request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the company's expenses.
the board shall resolve to provide separate appropriate independent professional advice to the directors to assist the relevant directors to discharge their duties.
as at 24 march 2023, the date of this annual report, the board comprises five directors, two of which are executive directors, namely mr.
sue ka lok chairman and ms.
wang yi; and three are independent non-executive directors, namely mr.
zhou qijjin, mr.
pau shiu ming and mr.
tsao hoi ho.
the directors are considered to have a balance of skills and experience appropriate for the requirements of the businesses of the company.
the company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to rule 3.13 of the hong kong listing rules.
the company considers all the independent non-executive directors are independent in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in the hong kong listing rules.
biographical details of the directors are set out under the section headed “biographical details of directors and senior management” on pages 14 to 15 of this annual report.
mr.
suen cho hung, paul "mr.
suen", the ultimate beneficial owner of the substantial shareholder of the company, is the ultimate beneficial owner of the substantial shareholder of epi holdings limited stock code: 689 of which mr.
sue ka lok is an executive director.
mr.
suen is the ultimate beneficial owner of the substantial shareholder of birmingham sports holdings limited stock code: 2309 of which mr.
sue ka lok is an executive director, the company secretary and chief executive officer.
save as disclosed above, there are no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships between the substantial shareholders and members of the board.
the company will provide a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction to each newly appointed director on his/her first appointment in order to enable him/her to have an appropriate understanding of the businesses and operations of the group and that he/she is fully aware of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the hong kong listing rules and relevant regulatory requirements.
all directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, and are continually updated on the developments of the statutory and regulatory regime and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities.
the company has provided timely technical updates, including briefings on the amendments on the hong kong listing rules and the news release published by the hong kong stock exchange to the directors.
continuing briefing and professional development for directors are arranged where necessary.
corporate governance report the directors have participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars, in-house briefings and/or reading materials on the related areas to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, all the directors including mr.
sue ka lok, ms.
wang yu, dr.
feng xiaogang resigned on 31 december 2022, mr.
zhou qijin, mr.
pau shiu ming and mr.
tsao hoi ho had complied with code provision c.1.4 of the cg code and had provided the company with their respective training records pursuant to the cg code.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, four regular board meetings and two general meetings were held and the attendance of each director is set out as follows: number of attendance : , number of attendance: chairman and chief executive the group adopts a dual leadership structure in which the role of the chairman is separated from that of the chief executive officer the "ceo".
the chairman is responsible for overseeing all board functions, while the management is under the leadership of the ceo to oversee the day-to-day operations of the group and implement the strategies and policies approved by the board.
the position of the chairman of the board is currently held by mr.
sue ka lok and the position of ceo is currently held by mr.
yuen chee lap, carl.
term of appointment of non-executive directors each of the independent non-executive directors is appointed for a term of twelve-month period which automatically renews for successive twelve-month periods unless terminated by either party in writing prior to the expiry of the term.
all the independent non-executive directors are also subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at least once every three years at the annual general meetings of the company in accordance with the bye-laws.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 23 corporate governance report remuneration committee the remuneration committee has specific written terms of reference that is in compliance with the cg code.
as at the date of this annual report, the remuneration committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely mr.
pau shiu ming, mr.
zhou qijin and mr.
tsao hoi ho.
mr.
pau shiu ming is the chairman of the remuneration committee.
the remuneration committee is mainly responsible for formulating the remuneration policy, reviewing and recommending to the board the annual remuneration policy and the remuneration of the directors.
the overriding objective of the remuneration policy is to ensure that the group is able to attract, retain and motivate a high-caliber team which is essential to the success of the group.
the full terms of reference are available on the company's website and the hong kong stock exchange's website.
the remuneration committee met one time during the year ended 31 december 2022 to assess the performance of the directors, and review and make recommendations to the board on the remuneration packages for directors and senior management.
the attendance of each member is set out as follows: members members: , number of attendance: members: mr.
pau shiu ming, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr.
zhou qijin, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr.
tsao hoi ho, number of attendance: 1/1 details of the director remuneration are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
pursuant to e.1.5 of the cg code, the details of the annual remuneration of the senior management by bands during the year are set out below: remuneration band remuneration band: , number of individual: remuneration band: hk$5,000,000 to hk$1,000,000, number of individual: 1 nomination committee the nomination committee has specific written terms of reference that is in compliance with the cg code.
as at the date of this annual report, the nomination committee comprises four members, including three independent non-executive directors, namely mr.
zhou qijin, mr.
pau shiu ming and mr.
tsao hoi ho; and one executive director, namely mr.
sue ka lok.
mr.
zhou qijin is the chairman of the nomination committee.
the nomination committee is mainly responsible for identifying potential directors and making recommendations to the board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors of the company.
potential new directors are selected on the basis of their qualifications, skills and experience that he/she could add value to the management through his/her contributions in the relevant strategic business areas.
the full terms of reference are available on the company's website and the hong kong stock exchange's website.
24 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the nomination committee met one time during the year ended 31 december 2022 to review the board diversity policy the "board diversity policy" and the nomination policy the "nomination policy" of the company, the independence of the independent non-executive directors, and the structure, size and composition of the board; and to make recommendation to the board on the re-election of directors.
the attendance of each member is set out below: members members: , number of attendance: members: mr.
zhou qijin, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr.
pau shiu ming, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr.
tsao hoi ho, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr.
sue ka lok, number of attendance: 1/1 board diversity policy the company recognises the benefits of having a diverse board to enhance the quality of its performance and effectiveness.
the board diversity policy sets out that in determining the optimum composition of the board, differences in skills, regional and industry experience, background, race, gender and other qualities of directors shall be considered.
all board appointments are made on merits, and its effectiveness on an annual basis.
when there is vacancy on board, the nomination committee will recommend suitable candidates for appointment to the board on the terms of reference of the nomination committee, with due regard to the company's own circumstances.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, the company maintained an effective board comprising members of different genders, professional background and industry experience.
the board diversity policy has been consistently implemented.
as at the date of this annual report, the board consists of one female director, and four male directors.
the board considered gender diversity in respect of the board is satisfactory.
the group has taken, and will continue to take, steps to promote diversity at all levels of workforce including senior management.
opportunities for employment, training and career development are equally opened to all eligible employees without discrimination so as to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the board and the workforce.
as at 31 december 2022, the male to female ratio in the workforce including senior management is 1:1.
the board considered gender diversity in respect of the workforce is achieved.
in order to ensure that independent views and input of independent non-executive directors are made available to the board, the nomination committee and the board would assess the independence of independent non-executive directors annually with regard to, among others, the following factors: i their character, integrity, expertise and experience; ii declaration of conflict of interest in their roles as independent non-executive directors; iii duration of appointment as independent non-executive directors; iv time commitment to the company’s affairs; v past and present financial or other interests in the businesses of the company; and vi connection with other directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the company.
the company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of his independence, and the company considers that each of the independent non-executive directors has met the independence guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the hong kong listing rules.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 25 no content was generated for page 26.
no content was generated for page 27.
corporate governance report corporate governance functions the board is responsible for determining the policy for the corporate governance of the company and performing the corporate governance duties as set out below: 1.
to develop and review the group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations; 2.
to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management; 3.
to review and monitor the group’s policies and practices on compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements; 4.
to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and directors of the group; and 5.
to review the group’s compliance with the cg code and its disclosure requirements in the corporate governance report.
risk management and internal control the board has ultimate responsibilities for evaluating and determining the company’s levels of risk tolerance, overseeing the management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems on an ongoing basis and reviewing their effectiveness.
the group’s risk management and internal control systems aim to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses caused by judgment in decision making process, human error, fraud and other irregularities.
the board is also committed to review the adequacy and effectiveness of the group’s risk management and internal control systems annually, including financial, operational and compliance controls.
the group does not have an internal audit function due to the size of the group and consideration for cost effectiveness.
instead, such review is carried out with the assistance of roma risk advisory limited “roma”, an independent outsourced internal auditor.
the programme aims to ensure the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.
it also assists the group to maintain the quality of the review in assessing its risk management and internal control systems.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, the group had reviewed the internal audit charter which defined the scope and objectives of the internal audit function and its reporting protocol.
the group had also conducted an annual review by roma to identify, evaluate and manage the significant strategic risks, financial risks, operational risks, compliance risks and environmental, social and governance “esg” risks of its major business segments.
based on the risk assessment results following a risk based methodology audit approach, an annual risk assessment was performed with a view to assisting the board and the audit committee to evaluate the effectiveness of the group’s risk management policies and procedures of the group.
for conducting the annual review, roma had reviewed the relevant policies and procedures of the group, conducted collaborative interviews and document inspections, and performed walkthrough tests and samples testing.
after the review, roma had presented to the board and the audit committee the internal control review report and enterprise risk management report which contained certain findings and relevant recommendations and suggestions for improvement on the group’s risk management and internal control systems.
the review covered material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls at entity and operational levels.
28 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report in connection with the controls on compliance aspect, the company has established a policy on handling and dissemination of inside information that sets out the procedures in handling inside information in an accurate and secure manner so as to avoid possible mishandling of inside information within the group.
based on the risk management and internal control systems established and maintained by the group, the work performed by roma and the external auditor, and the reviews performed by the management, the audit committee and the board, the audit committee and the board are not aware of any significant risk management and internal control systems addressing strategic, financial, operational, compliance and internal control policies, and are of the opinion that the group has maintained adequate and effective risk management and internal control systems addressing strategic, financial, operational, compliance and internal control and human resources for its accounting and financial reporting function.
the company has complied with the relevant code provisions of the cg code relating to risk management and adequate financial.
anti-corruption policy the board has adopted an anti-fraud and counter-corruption policy the “anti-corruption policy” which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.
the group is committed to achieving high standards of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities and has zero tolerance towards fraud and corruption.
it strives to protect its reputation, assets and information from any attempt of fraud, corruption, deceit or improper conduct by employees or third parties.
in line with this, the anti-corruption policy has outlined the company’s expectations and requirements relating to the prevention, detection, reporting and investigation of any suspected fraud, corruption and other similar irregularities.
the anti-corruption policy applies to all group employees and all business partners, including customers, suppliers and debtors.
the audit committee has the overall responsibility for the implementation, monitoring and periodic review of the anti-corruption policy.
whistleblowing policy the board has adopted a whistleblowing policy the "whistleblowing policy" which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.
in line with the group’s commitment to promote ethical standards and to uncover any fraud, malpractice or misconduct within the organisation, the purpose of the whistleblowing policy is to i encourage and assist any employees of the group or third parties e.
grams.
customers, suppliers etc.
to raise the concern and disclose related information confidentially; ii provide reporting channels and guidance on whistleblowing to employees or third parties to raise the concern rather than neglecting it; and iii reveal suspected fraud, malpractice or misconduct before these activities cause disruption or loss to the group.
the audit committee has the overall responsibility for implementing, monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy and the actions resulting from the investigation.
external parties who wish to obtain more information on the anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy could contact us by email to acchairman@courageinv.com or by mail to room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong.
company secretary ms.
wang yu was appointed the company secretary in march 2019.
she has taken no less than 15 hours of training per employee of the relevant professional training during the year ended 31 december 2022.
the biographical details of ms.
wang yu are set out under the section headed "biographical details of directors and senior management" on pages 14 to 15 of this annual report.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 29 no content was generated for page 30.
corporate governance report procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the company according to bye-law 87 of the company's bye-laws, no person other than a director retiring at the general meeting of the company shall, unless recommended by the directors for election, be eligible for election as a director at any general meeting of the company unless a notice signed by a shareholder of the company other than the person to be proposed duly qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting and lodged at the company's principal place of business in hong kong, at the company's hong kong branch share registrar and transfer office, tricor investor services limited or at the company's singapore share transfer agent, boardroom corporate & advisory services pte.
ltd.
provided that the minimum length of the period, during which such notices are given, shall be at least seven days, and that if the notices are submitted after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting convened for such election, the period for lodgement of such notices shall commence on the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting convened for such election and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting.
procedures for directing shareholders' enquiries to the board shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns in writing to the company secretary at the company's principal place of business in hong kong at room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong.
shareholders communication policy the group has adopted a shareholders communication policy the "shareholders communication policy" which sets out the objective of ensuring that the company's shareholders, both individual and institutional and, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely balanced and understandable information about the company including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile, in order to enable the shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow the shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the company.
the group has established a range of communication channels between itself and the shareholders.
these include i contacting the hong kong branch share registrar, tricor investor services limited, or the singapore share transfer agent, boardroom corporate & advisory services pte.
ltd.
regarding questions on shareholdings; ii publishing corporate communications such as announcements, circulars and the annual and interim reports; iii maintaining a corporate website at www.courageinv.com; and iv holding shareholders' meetings.
the board has the overall responsibility to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the shareholders and the investment community, and will regularly review the shareholders communication policy to ensure its effectiveness.
for the year ended 31 december 2022, the board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication policy, including steps taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries received if any and the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place, and considered that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented during the year under review and is effective.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 31 corporate governance report dividend policy according to the dividend policy adopted by the company, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount, the board shall take into account, among others, the following factors: i the actual and expected financial performance of the group, ii the retained earnings and distributable reserves of the group, iii the expected working capital requirements and future expansion plans of the group, iv the liquidity position of the group and v any other factors that the board deems appropriate.
the declaration and payment of dividends by the company shall be determined at the sole and absolute discretion of the board and is also subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations including the laws of bermuda and the bye-laws.
investor relations as a channel to further promote effective communication, the group maintains a website at www.courageinv.com where the company's annual and interim reports, notices, announcements and circulars are posted.
a printed copy of the bye-laws has been published on the websites of the company and the hong kong stock exchange.
there had been no changes in the company's constitutional documents during the year ended 31 december 2022.
sufficiency of public float based on information that is publicly available to the company and within the knowledge of the directors, at least 25% of the company's total issued shares is held by the public at 18 april 2023, being the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report.
32 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report overview the board is pleased to present the environmental, social and governance "esg" report of the group, which reviews the group's esg initiatives, plans, and performance, as well as sustainable development in respect of environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.
as a responsible corporate citizen, the group views esg commitments as part of its social responsibilities and is committed to incorporating esg considerations into its decision-making process.
introduction the group is principally engaged in the business of marine transportation, investment holding, property holding and merchandise trading.
the marine transportation business comprises vessel chartering activities, and the merchandise trading business focuses on the trading of electronic components.
the environmental, social and governance report "esg report" summarises the esg initiatives, plans, and performance of the group in relation to environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.
the group focuses on the expectations and concerns of its stakeholders, and demonstrates its commitment to sustainable development.
the esg governance structure the group conducts a top-down management approach with respect to esg issues.
the board holds the overall responsibility for the group's esg strategy and reporting, as well as overseeing and managing its esg-related issues.
the board regularly reviews and confirms the group's esg-related risks and opportunities, performance, progress made against esg-related goals and targets at least once.
the board also ensures the effectiveness of its esg risk management and internal control mechanisms.
the board discusses and reviews targets, progress over time, management approach and policies annually with the assistance of the group's designated personnel.
the group's designated personnel from the business and functional departments facilitate the board's oversight of esg-related issues.
their duties include overseeing and reviewing the group's esg-related policies, performance, management approach, risks and opportunities, as well as reporting and recommending improvements on esg-related matters to the board.
they also propose and recommend the esg reports and present them to the board for approval.
reporting period the esg report specifies the esg activities, challenges, and measures taken by the group during the year ended 31 december 2022 "fy2022" as well as the comparative data for the year ended 31 december 2021 "fy2021" where appropriate.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 33 environmental, social and governance report reporting scope the senior management of the group has discussed and identified the reporting scope of esg-related matters based on the materiality principle and after having considered the group’s core business and main revenue source.
the esg report covers all of the group’s business activities except for the merchandise trading activities, as explained below, and the group’s business operation is mainly office-based.
the esg report serves to provide details of the group’s esg policies and initiatives with respect to its businesses.
the group’s merchandise trading operation, which is included in the esg report for the year ended 31 december 2020, is not covered in the esg report for fy2021 and fy2022 because the business was temporarily halted and did not generate any revenue during fy2021 and fy2022.
the esg key performance indicator “kpi” data was gathered from the companies and subsidiaries that are under the group’s direct operational control.
the kpis are shown in the esg report and are supplemented by explanatory notes to establish benchmarks.
the group will extend the scope of disclosures when and where applicable.
reporting framework the esg report has been prepared in accordance with the environmental, social and governance reporting guide the “esg reporting guide” set out in appendix 27 to the hong kong listing rules.
information relating to the group’s corporate governance practices is set out in the “corporate governance report” on pages 21 to 32 of this annual report.
during the preparation of the esg report, the group has applied the following reporting principles, which are set out in the esg reporting guide: materiality: a materiality assessment is conducted to identify material issues during fy2022, thereby adopting the confirmed material issues as the focus for the preparation of the esg report.
the materiality of issues are reviewed and confirmed by the board and senior management.
further details of “materiality assessment” are set out in the section below.
quantitative: the standards and methodologies used in the calculation of relevant data in the esg report, as well as the applicable assumptions are disclosed.
the kpis are supplemented by explanatory notes to establish benchmarks where appropriate.
balance: the esg report provides an unbiased picture of the group’s esg-related matters by avoiding selection, omissions, or presentation formats that may inappropriately influence a reader’s decision or judgment.
consistency: the approach adopted in preparing the esg report is substantially consistent with the one adopted in fy2021.
explanations are provided for data with changes to the scope of disclosure or calculation methodologies.
the esg report has been internally reviewed by the group’s senior management and approved by the board.
contact us the group welcomes all questions, feedback and suggestions from stakeholders.
you can provide valuable advice in respect of the esg report or our performance in sustainable development by writing to room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong or by email to courage@courageinv.com.
34 .
environmental, social and governance report stakeholder engagement the group values its stakeholders and their feedback regarding its businesses and esg aspects.
the group maintains close communication with its key stakeholders, including but not limited to, government and regulatory authorities, shareholders and investors, employees, customers, suppliers, as well as the media and the public.
stakeholders' expectations have been taken into consideration by utilising diversified engagement methods and communication channels, as shown below: stakeholders: , communication channels: , expectations: stakeholders: government and regulatory authorities, communication channels: - routine reports - written or electronic correspondences - supervision on relevant laws and regulations, expectations: - compliance with relevant laws and regulations - stability in business operations stakeholders: shareholders and investors, communication channels: - general meetings and other shareholders' meetings - annual and interim reports - announcements and circulars - investor meetings, expectations: - sustainable profitability - shareholders' return - corporate governance - business compliance stakeholders: employees, communication channels: - company website - training, seminars and briefing - performance reviews - intranet - regular staff meetings - electronic correspondences, expectations: - remuneration, compensation and benefits - comfortable working environment - employee development and training stakeholders: customers, communication channels: - company service hotline and email - face-to-face meetings, expectations: - high-quality products and services - prompt response and customer satisfaction stakeholders: suppliers, communication channels: - suppliers' satisfactory assessment - on-site visits - regular calls and meetings, expectations: - fair and open procurement - win-win cooperation - compliance with relevant laws - risk management stakeholders: media and the public, communication channels: - esg reports - company website - regular reports and announcements, expectations: - transparency of financial and esg issues - compliance with relevant laws and regulations the group aims to actively listen to and collaborate with its stakeholders to ensure that their opinions can be voiced out through the proper communication channels.
in the long run, the stakeholders' contributions will aid the group in improving potentially overlooked esg aspects.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 35 environmental, social and governance report materiality assessment materiality assessment is the process of identifying, refining, and assessing esg issues that could affect the group’s businesses and its stakeholders.
the results of the materiality assessment are used to formulate strategy, set targets, and determine the focus of the esg report.
materiality assessment enables the group to analyse business risks and opportunities, which support the sustainable development of its businesses.
the group values the feedback of stakeholders and their opinions on which esg aspects they consider material.
with the assistance of the group’s management, a list of material esg issues has been identified based on the group’s businesses, the esg reporting guide, and an analysis of industry peers.
during fy2022, the group conducted a materiality assessment survey to prioritise the identified material esg issues.
management and employees of different business units and departments were invited to evaluate the significance of the identified esg issues to the stakeholders and the group’s businesses.
based on the results of the survey, the group compiled the materiality matrix below.
the results of the materiality assessment were reviewed by the group’s management and approved by the board.
as there were no substantial changes to the group’s businesses, the materiality of esg issues this year remained the same as last year.
the materiality matrix below summarises the group’s material esg issues included in the esg report.
materiality matrix level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: , level of significance on sustainable development of the group: level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: high, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: high level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: data privacy protection, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: product and service quality assurance level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: occupational health and safety management, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: whistleblowing mechanism level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: climate change mitigation and adaptation, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: customer service quality level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: employment practices, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: anti-corruption level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: development and training, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: greenhouse gas “greenhouse gas” emissions level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: prevention of child and forced labour, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: waste management level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: water consumption, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: energy efficiency level of influence on stakeholders’ assessments and decisions: low, level of significance on sustainable development of the group: low the group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management policies and internal control systems to address the material esg issues, and to ensure that the disclosed contents are in compliance with the requirements of the esg reporting guide.
36 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report a.
environmental the group is committed to mitigating its environmental impacts and incorporating sustainability into its business strategy.
to enhance decarbonisation and address stakeholders’ concerns, which are reflected in the identified material esg issues, the group has set environmental targets in regard to greenhouse gas emissions, waste management, energy consumption and water use.
by doing so, the group further demonstrates its commitment to environmental protection.
the group regularly reviews the progress towards these targets and the effectiveness of its environmental protection measures; further details are set out in the below sections under aspects a1 and a2.
a1.
emissions the group recognises the importance of operating its business in a sustainable manner.
as such, the group continuously improves existing policies and incorporates new policies with the intention of mitigating potential direct and indirect negative environmental impacts arising from the group’s business operations.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the air pollution control ordinance, waste disposal ordinance, and water pollution control ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
air emissions as a group engaged in the business of marine transportation, the three vessels owned by the group were leased out on a time charter basis virtually throughout the whole of fy2022.
the fuels used by the vessels were therefore not under the direct control of the group but the charterers, although the group understood that the use of fuels by the charterers, in all material respects complied with the relevant environmental rules and regulations.
the group considers that the air emissions directly produced by the group during fy2022 were immaterial.
greenhouse gas emissions the principal greenhouse gas emissions produced by the group were from purchased electricity scope 2 and office paper disposal scope 3.
during fy2021, the group has set a target to reduce the total greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 10% by the year ended 31 december 2026 “fy2026”, using fy2021 as the baseline year.
to achieve the set target, the group has adopted the following measures to reduce direct greenhouse gas emissions, indirect greenhouse gas emissions and other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
scope 1 - direct greenhouse gas emissions during fy2022, the three vessels owned by the group were virtually leased out throughout the whole of fy2022, and as the group did not own any vehicles, the group’s operations did not produce any direct greenhouse gas emissions.
scope 2 - indirect greenhouse gas emissions electricity consumption accounted for the indirect greenhouse gas emissions produced by the group.
the group has implemented measures to reduce energy consumption, the measures are set out in the section headed "energy efficiency" under aspect a2 below.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 37 environmental, social and governance report scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions paper waste disposal by employees accounted for the other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
measures implemented to reduce paper waste disposal are set out in the section headed “waste management” under aspect a1 below.
during fy2022, the group’s total greenhouse gas emissions intensity increased by 19.23% from approximately 0.26 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.31 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2022.
this was mainly due to an increase in business activities.
the group is in the process of achieving the aforementioned target and will continue to promote measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the future.
summary of greenhouse gas emission performance: indicator1 fy2021 : scope 2 – indirect greenhouse gas emissions- purchased electricity 3.59 scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions- paper waste disposed at landfills 0.51 total greenhouse gas emissions 4.10 total greenhouse gas emissions intensity3 0.26 notes: 1.
greenhouse gas emissions data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and is based on, but not limited to, “the greenhouse gas protocol: a corporate accounting and reporting standard” issued by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development, “how to prepare an esg report – appendix 2: reporting guidance on environmental kpis” issued by the hong kong stock exchange, the “global warming potential values” from the fifth assessment report ar5 of the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc 2014 and the sustainability report 2022 published by hk electric.
2.
total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent is defined as metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent.
3.
as at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 2021: 16 employees including directors of the company.
this data is also used for calculating other intensity data in this esg report.
waste management hazardous waste management owing to the group’s business nature, no material hazardous waste was produced by the group during fy2022.
38 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report non-hazardous waste management most of the non-hazardous waste produced by the group was office paper.
although its operations do not generate a significant amount of non-hazardous waste, the group endeavours to further reduce the waste produced by implementing "green office" initiatives.
during fy2021, the group has set a target to provide waste separation bins for collecting recyclables, including paper, plastic, and glass in the group's office from fy2022 onwards.
furthermore, the group will continue to implement waste reduction measures, such as those listed below, with the goal of reducing waste from the sources.
the green measures include but are not limited to the following: - print electronic correspondences only when necessary; - reuse single-sided office paper; - encourage double-sided printing or photocopying; - procure paper bearing the forest stewardship council recycled label; and - recycle outdated office supplies and electronic equipment after their life cycles.
during fy2022, the group's total non-hazardous waste intensity increased by about 28.57% from approximately 0.007 metric ton per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.009 metric ton per employee in fy2022.
this was mainly due to an increase in business activities.
the group has provided waste separation bins for collecting recyclables during fy2022 in order to achieve the aforementioned target.
the group will continue to promote measures to reduce paper consumption and provide waste separation bins for recyclables in the future.
summary of non-hazardous waste discharge performance: table: non-hazardous waste discharge performance category: , unit: , fy2022: , fy2021: category: office paper, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste intensity, unit: metric ton/employee, fy2022: 0.009, fy2021: 0.007 sewage discharges into water and land owing to the group's business nature, the group's business activities do not consume a significant volume of water during its daily operations, and thus it does not generate a material portion of sewage.
as wastewater from the group will be connected to a regional water purification plant, the water consumed by the group is considered sewage discharged.
further details of water consumption are set out in the section headed "water consumption" under aspect a2 below.
environmental, social and governance report a2.
use of resources the group upholds and promotes effective use of resources and is committed to optimising their use across business operations.
the group keeps track of the esg-related kpis through its internal monitoring programme on procurement and use of resources and established relevant policies and procedures in resource management.
energy efficiency during fy2022, the energy consumed by the group was mainly electricity used for daily operations, which was an indirect energy consumption.
as all of the group’s vessels were leased out virtually throughout the whole of fy2022, the group had no direct energy consumption during the year.
nevertheless, to promote energy conservation and enhance energy efficiency in business operations, the group has set a target in fy2021 to change all office lighting to led bulbs by fy2026.
the group also adopts the following energy-saving measures: - post eye-catching stickers on energy conservation as a reminder to employees; - switch off unnecessary lighting and electrical appliances when not in use; - purchase energy-efficient equipment to replace retired equipment; - set all computer screens and printers to standby mode after a certain period; and - participate in energy-saving campaigns, including the earth hour lights-out campaign.
the group will investigate anomalies in electricity consumption to identify the root causes and carry out the corresponding preventative measures.
during fy2022, the group’s total energy consumption intensity increased by approximately 24.06% from approximately 316.38 kilowatt-hours of training per employee per employee in fy2021 to approximately 392.50 kilowatt-hours of training per employee per employee in fy2022.
this was mainly due to an increase in business activities.
the group is currently making progress in achieving the aforementioned target, and will continue to enhance its energy conservation measures in order to reduce energy consumption.
summary of energy consumption performance: table: energy consumption type of energy: , unit: , fy2022: , fy2021: type of energy: indirect energy consumption, unit: kilowatt-hours of training per employee, fy2022: 6,280.00, fy2021: 5,062.00 type of energy: - electricity, unit: kilowatt-hours of training per employee, fy2022: 6,280.00, fy2021: 5,062.00 type of energy: total energy consumption intensity, unit: kilowatt-hours of training per employee/employee, fy2022: 392.50, fy2021: 316.38 notes: data includes the energy usage trends from 2021 to 2022, and shows that the energy consumption has increased in the areas of electricity and total energy consumption.
40 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report water consumption owing to the group’s business nature, the usage of water is confined to water used by employees in the office.
water consumption data was not available since water usage was covered in the office building management fees.
the target for water efficiency is also not presented, as water consumption data is not available.
although the water consumption of the group is insignificant, the group is dedicated to promoting the importance of water conservation to its employees.
apart from posting eye-catching stickers to promote water conservation, the group also regularly inspects water taps to prevent leakage and encourages employees to cherish water usage, such as by reducing unnecessary water consumption in washrooms and pantry.
the group did not encounter any problems in sourcing water that was fit for its purpose and was not aware of any abnormal water usage during fy2022.
use of packaging material owing to the group’s business nature, the use of packaging material is not considered a material esg aspect of the group.
a3.
the environment and natural resources although the core business of the group has a remote impact on the environment and natural resources, the group realises its responsibility to minimise any negative environmental impacts from its business operations as an ongoing commitment to good corporate social responsibility.
the group regularly assesses the environmental risks of its businesses, adopts relevant policies and preventive measures to reduce the risks and ensures compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.
during fy2022, the group had placed “green” deposits with banks as part of the pools of funds designated for financing green projects.
indoor air quality to ensure that the group’s work environment is pleasant, the indoor air quality in its workplace is regularly monitored.
during fy2022, the indoor air quality of the group’s office was satisfactory.
to improve indoor air quality, air purifying equipment is used in the office when considered appropriate and the air conditioning system is cleaned periodically.
these measures maintained the indoor air quality at a satisfactory level by filtering out pollutants, contaminants and dust particles.
the group believes that running an environmentally sustainable business model could greatly lower operational risk and in turn generate a more stable return to the group and its shareholders.
the group is endeavoured to achieve this goal in the long term.
a4.
climate change mitigation and adaptation the group recognises the importance of identifying significant climate-related issues and mitigating of the related risks and is thus committed to managing the potential climate-related risks that may impact the group’s business activities.
the group has an established risk management policy to govern the identification and mitigation of different risks, including climate-related risks.
during fy2022, the group conducted a climate change assessment to identify and mitigate the potential risks that may arise from its business operations.
these risks mainly stem from the following dimensions: courage investment group limited annual report 2022 41 environmental, social and governance report physical risks the increase in frequency and severity of extreme weather events such as typhoons, storms, and heavy rains can disrupt the group’s operations by causing floods, damaging the power grid and communication infrastructures, and hindering and injuring its employees and seafarers hired through crew agencies when they are at work or in commute.
these could result in temporary, permanent or partial halt of the group's business operations, which exposes the group to risks associated with non-performance and delayed performance.
besides, the extreme weather conditions may cause damage to the group’s vessels, resulting in substantial maintenance, repair or replacement costs.
other risks posed by extreme weather conditions such as the risk of detention, sinking, collision and other marine disasters could also significantly hinder the operations of the group's marine transportation business.
any damage to the vessels may cause environmental pollution, including but not limited to fuel leakage and disposal of vessel debris.
in certain circumstances, severe weather conditions could cause loss or damage to cargo and property, which would affect the group’s financial performance and require significant resources for remedies if any accidents occurred.
to better manage the aforementioned physical risks, the group has evaluated the possible extreme weather events that could influence the group's business operations and has included the relevant risks in the group's risk management system.
moreover, the group has formulated a crisis response plan to reduce the negative impacts brought by extreme weather events.
when extreme weather events occur or are expected to occur, senior management will respond as planned and communicate with employees about the work solutions for employees to follow, so the employees know how to respond if any of the essential work arrangements become unavailable due to extreme weather events.
transition risks policy and legal risks the group anticipates that there will be more stringent climate legislation and regulations to support the global vision of carbon neutrality.
from a listed company’s perspective, the group acknowledges the increasing requirements for climate-related information and disclosures.
in addition, climate change may lead to higher emissions standards and higher requirements for climate change compliance in vessels.
failure to meet the compliance requirements may harm the group’s corporate reputation and expose it to higher risks of claims and lawsuits.
the group expects the related capital investment and compliance costs to increase accordingly.
in response to policy and legal risks, as well as reputation risks, the group regularly monitors existing and emerging trends, policies and regulations relevant to climate change, and ensures the senior management is aware of any changes in policies or legislation in order to avoid unnecessary costs or non-compliance fines, and to reduce reputation risks resulting from delayed responses.
the group has also included the above-mentioned transition risks in its risk management system, which will be reviewed regularly.
42 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report market risk under the advocation of "net zero", which refers to an ambition to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions, and the global vision of decarbonisation, there are an increasing number of investors who advocate for combating climate change.
if the group fails to implement effective measures to manage climate risks, investors may drive high level of divestment.
to cope with the potential risk of divestment, the group intends to maintain a high level of transparency in esg reporting between the group and investors.
the group also sets targets for and endeavours to make progress in its esg-related issues.
the group also reviews the matters to ensure the group's development is aligned with the global trend.
b.
social b1.
employment practices human resource are the foundation of the group.
the group recognises that sustainable growth relies on good recruitment and retention practices.
as at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 31 december 2021: 16 full-time employees in total.
seafarers and other crew ashore and aboard are employed and managed by the crew agency and are therefore not included in the group's workforce.
the distribution of employees by gender, age group, geographical region, and employee category is as follows: i total workforce by gender table: total workforce by gender year: , male employees: , female employees: year: 2022, male employees: 8, female employees: 8 year: 2021, male employees: 8, female employees: 8 ii total workforce by age group table: total workforce by age group year: , under 30 years old: , 30-50 years old: , over 50 years old: year: 2022, under 30 years old: 1, 30-50 years old: 6, over 50 years old: 9 year: 2021, under 30 years old: 2, 30-50 years old: 5, over 50 years old: 9 notes: this table includes regional breakdowns and contract employee data.
in the image, some areas are marked with red rectangles and names 434.png, 435.png, 436.png, 437.png, 438.png.
cooprerage investment group limited annual report 2022 43 environmental, social and governance report iii total workforce by geographical region 2022 - hong kong: 1 - singapore: 15 2021 - hong kong: 1 - singapore: 15 iv total workforce by employee category 2022 - senior management: 6 - other employees: 9 2021 - senior management: 5 - other employees: 11 during fy2022, the total number of employees leaving employment was 2 fy2021: 1, and the total employee turnover rate4was approximately 12.50% fy2021: 6.25%.
the overall employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region are as follows: turnover rate5 : , fy2022: , fy2021: : by gender, fy2022: , fy2021: : male, fy2022: 12.50%, fy2021: - : female, fy2022: 12.50%, fy2021: 12.50% : by age group, fy2022: , fy2021: : under 30 years old, fy2022: -, fy2021: - : 30 - 50 years old, fy2022: 16.67%, fy2021: 20.00% : above 50 years old, fy2022: 11.11%, fy2021: - : by geographical region, fy2022: , fy2021: : hong kong, fy2022: 13.33%, fy2021: 6.67% : singapore, fy2022: -, fy2021: - 4excludes non-contract employees.
5excludes non-contract employees.
44 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report notes: 4.
the total employee turnover rate is calculated by dividing the number of employees leaving employment during the reporting period by the number of employees at the end of the reporting period.
5.
the turnover rate by category is calculated by dividing the number of employees in the specified category leaving employment during the reporting period by the number of employees in the specified category at the end of the reporting period.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with employment-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the employment ordinance, sex discrimination ordinance, and employees’ compensation ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
relevant employment policies are formally documented in the employee handbook, code of conduct and ethics, and management for crew employment/manning.
the policies cover topics such as recruitment and remuneration, compensations, working hours of training per employee and rest periods, diversity and equal opportunity, etc.
the group periodically reviews its current standards and competitiveness against companies in similar industries.
recruitment, promotion and remuneration talent acquisition is vital to the sustainable development of the group’s businesses.
employees are recruited via a robust, transparent, and non-discriminatory recruitment process based on their merits and their potential to fulfil the group’s current and future needs.
remuneration and promotion are based on job-related skills, qualifications and performance.
the group conducts annual performance and salary reviews to determine salary adjustments and/or promotion opportunities.
the group also ensures that all hired seafarers operating on its vessels possess the necessary credentials required by the international safety management ism code.
working hours and rest periods to facilitate employees’ work-life balance, the group has formulated policies for determining working hours of training per employee and rest periods for employees, following local employment laws.
the group adopts a five-day workweek, and its employees are entitled to basic leaves such as sick leave, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.
compensation and dismissal all employees are covered under the employees’ compensation ordinance of the laws of hong kong upon joining the group.
the statute protects employees who are injured in the course of their employment due to an accident.
unreasonable dismissal under any circumstances is strictly prohibited, while dismissal would be based on reasonable and lawful grounds supported by internal policies of the group.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 45 environmental, social and governance report equal opportunity, diversity and anti-discrimination the group’s sustainable growth is dependent on the diversity of its talents, and it is thus committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and collaborative workplace culture.
furthermore, the group is committed to providing equal opportunities in all aspects of employment, and protecting its employees from discrimination, physical or verbal harassment and other forms of harassment based on gender, age, religion, disability, ethnicity, political stance, marital status and other factors.
the group also strives to ensure that complaints, afflictions and concerns, including whistleblowing, are dealt with promptly and confidentially.
the group has zero tolerance for sexual harassment or abuse in the workplace in any form.
other benefits and welfare the group understands that good benefits and welfare encourage staff retention and foster a sense of belonging, as such, the group seeks to provide additional remuneration and benefits to employees where possible.
remuneration packages for employees usually include discretionary bonuses, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.
except for the aforementioned entitlement to various leaves, employees are also entitled to benefits such as medical insurance and other clinical benefits.
other allowances are also available to employees, such as travel allowances and education subsidies.
b2.
health and safety management during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with health and safety-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the occupational safety and health ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
there were no reported cases of work-related fatalities or lost days due to work injury during fy2022 fy2021: nil.
in the past three years, the group had no cases of work-related fatalities.
providing employees with a safe and healthy work environment is of utmost importance to the group.
therefore, the group has set out comprehensive policies to safeguard the interests and well-being of all employees.
health and safety measures that are applicable to an office-based business operation are limited.
nevertheless, the group is committed to safeguarding the well-being of all employees.
in the office, fire extinguishers are appropriately placed, fire exits are free from obstructions, and first aid boxes can be found around the premises.
relevant safety policies are reviewed annually, or soon after an incident arises, to ensure their relevancy.
for the marine transportation operation, the group has established a sound safety management system with a comprehensive safety management manual and shipboard emergency plan to assist its crews and ashore staff in dealing with unexpected incidents and the subsequent approach to minimise damages, losses, or hazardous outputs.
the group understands that the potential impact of an incident on the marine transportation operation would be greater than that on an office-based operation.
therefore, the group convenes a safety management system review meeting at least once every year to review the effectiveness of the safety management system, and reviews whether the latest ism code has been properly dealt with.
relevant training sessions will be provided to staff where necessary.
46 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report response to covid and the variant viruses in response to the covid pandemic, the group has taken measures to enhance health and safety precautions in the office to ensure the well-being of the employees, and the group's internal safety and business continuity.
in addition to increasing the frequency of cleaning and disinfection in the office areas, staff is recommended to wear surgical masks indoors, maintain social distancing, undergo temperature checks before entering the group's premises, and uphold good personal hygiene practices.
the group has also issued a detailed guideline to advise employees on responsive actions when there are infections among its employees and their family members.
b3.
development and training training and continuous development are essential for the group's employees to keep up with the industry's ever-changing trends.
as such, the group takes a proactive approach to providing employees with opportunities to advance their careers by encouraging them to apply for internal and external training courses to refresh prior knowledge and acquire new knowledge.
the group has adopted relevant policies and measures to standardise the management of employees’ training.
regular training and drills are carried out to familiarise employees and vessel crews with the group's policies and any newly updated guidelines.
trainings range from proper shipboard operation, to correct emergency procedures for awareness of marine pollution prevention.
the group believes that proper training lowers the risk of avoidable incidents and ensures compliance with the provisions set out by the international maritime organisation.
the content of internal training sessions is regularly updated to reflect industry standards and the group's business nature in order to provide maximum benefits to employees.
during fy2022, 75.00% fy2021: 75.00% of the group's employees have received training, with an average of 36.56 training hours of training per employee fy2021: 24.75 hours of training per employee per employee.
the percentage of trained employees, breakdown of trained employees, and average number of training hours of training per employee per employee, by gender and employee category, are as follows: percentage of trained employees % : , fy2022: , fy2021: : male, fy2022: 100.00, fy2021: 87.50 : female, fy2022: 50.00, fy2021: 62.50 : senior management, fy2022: 100.00, fy2021: 100.00 : management, fy2022: 100.00, fy2021: - : other employees, fy2022: 33.33, fy2021: 20.00 breakdown of trained employees % : , fy2022: , fy2021: : male, fy2022: 66.67, fy2021: 58.33 : female, fy2022: 33.33, fy2021: 41.67 : senior management, fy2022: 75.00, fy2021: 91.67 : management, fy2022: 8.33, fy2021: - : other employees, fy2022: 16.67, fy2021: 8.33 average training hours of training per employee per employee hours of training per employee : , fy2022: , fy2021: : male, fy2022: 59.38, fy2021: 33.00 : female, fy2022: 13.75, fy2021: 16.50 : senior management, fy2022: 58.89, fy2021: 34.18 : management, fy2022: 25.00, fy2021: - : other employees, fy2022: 5.00, fy2021: 4.00 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 47 environmental, social and governance report notes: 6.
this percentage is calculated by dividing the total number of trained employees during the reporting period by the total number of employees at the end of the reporting period.
7.
the average training hours of training per employee per employee is calculated by dividing the total number of training hours of training per employee during the reporting period by the total number of employees at the end of the reporting period.
8.
the percentage of trained employees by category is calculated by dividing the number of trained employees in the specified category during the reporting period by the number of employees in the specified category at the end of the reporting period.
9.
the breakdown of trained employees by category is calculated by dividing the number of trained employees in the specified category during the reporting period by the total number of trained employees at the end of the reporting period.
10.
the average training hours of training per employee by category is calculated by dividing the number of training hours of training per employee for the specified category during the reporting period by the number of employees in the specified category at the end of the reporting period.
b4.
labour standards prevention of child and forced labour child and forced labour are strictly prohibited as defined by laws and regulations.
the group does not employ children before they reach the legal age to work as defined by the relevant laws and regulations.
the group guarantees that no employee will be forced or persuaded to work in the group against their will, experience any form of threatening or abusive behaviour, or be subjected to any type of coercion or punishment in the workplace.
personal data is collected during the recruitment process detailed in the group's new employee recruitment procedures to assist in the selection of suitable candidates and the verification of the candidates' personal data.
the human resources department will ensure that the identity documents are carefully checked and that the selected candidate has reached the legal age to work.
if any employees suspect a violation is involved, they should report it to their supervisors or the group's human resources department.
once the group discovers any case that fails to conform to the relevant labour laws, regulations, or standards, the relevant employment contract will be immediately terminated.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with child and forced labour-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the employment ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
48 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report b5.
supply chain management the group selects suppliers based on their technical proposals, prevailing market prices, delivery times and reputations.
to prevent jeopardising its own service provision, the group strives to avoid over-reliance on a single supplier.
an annual performance evaluation is performed to assess the suppliers' quality of products and services.
contracts with suppliers may be deactivated or terminated if the expectations of the group are not met.
any discrimination against certain vendors without reasonable grounds and any types of business bribery are strictly prohibited.
in addition, the group's ship supply procedures are in place to ensure quality and safety when purchasing ship supplies.
the group follows the rules and regulations set down by the international maritime organisation and the ship classification societies to manage the environmental and social risks in relation to its marine transportation operation.
in addition, the group undertakes onsite inspections regularly to monitor the suppliers' or subcontractors' business procedures to reduce its social and environmental risks along the supply chain.
any non-compliance with the relevant environmental and social rules and regulations discovered during the onsite inspection of a supplier or subcontractor will be promptly reported to the group's management to remediate the identified risk in a timely manner.
the group encourages its business partners and suppliers to consider the risks posed to their operations from climate change and to mitigate the related environmental impacts on them during supplier management meetings and events.
suppliers with the iso 14001: environmental management system ems certificate will be prioritised in the group's supplier engagement process.
fair and open tendering the group has developed a tendering procedure to engage suppliers in a fair and competitive manner, under which senior management is responsible for all the decision making during the tendering process.
the group strictly prohibits differentiation or discrimination against certain suppliers, and it monitors and prevents all kinds of business bribery in a serious manner.
employees or personnel having any direct or indirect business interests associated with the suppliers would not be involved in any business negotiation process with the suppliers.
apart from requiring its suppliers and subcontractors to comply with local regulations, the group is also aware of the importance of enhancing their environmental and safety performance.
the management team also regularly inspects the product quality and the health and safety conditions of its suppliers.
during the selection process, vendors are encouraged to consider and manage their environmental and social issues with suppliers, and makes corresponding improvement measures.
the group also shares its sustainable operating practices and disseminates environmental concepts, including the latest knowledge on quality, safety, and good employment and environmental practices.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 49 environmental, social and governance report during fy2022, the group has 6 fy2021: 6 major suppliers, and 2 fy2021: 3 of them are covered by the supplier engagement practices mentioned above.
the distribution of major suppliers by geographical region is as follows: by geographical region : , number of major suppliers: : fy2022, number of major suppliers: fy2021 b6.
product responsibility the group’s mission is to provide the best products and services to its customers.
therefore, the group has systems and controls in place to monitor the status and progress of all its business activities carried out by different levels of staff to ensure high-quality products and services are delivered to its customers.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations in relation to privacy issues and any compensation regarding health and safety, advertisement, and labelling for products and services provided that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the personal data privacy ordinance, the trade descriptions ordinance, and the food and safety ordinance of the laws of hong kong, and the food and drugs composition and labelling amendment no.
2 regulation 2014.
product and service quality assurance the group understands the necessity of further safeguarding the health and safety matters of its marine transportation business.
in addition to strict compliance with the ism code, the group has established a number of policies to stipulate the responsibilities of each officer on board the vessels.
in particular, the group has a well-established shipboard emergency alert mechanism, under which a safety committee and an emergency response team have been set up to investigate and handle any shipboard hazardous occurrences or emergency incidents.
in the case of damage, breakdown, malfunction and defects in the vessels' hull, equipment and machinery, the group has established the ship management procedure and the deficiency management procedure to determine the appropriate corrective and preventative actions required to address the issue.
during fy2022, there was no product sold or shipped subjected to recall for safety and health reasons.
data privacy protection the group respects the value of its customers’ information and protects their rights to data privacy by strictly enforcing the standards of the information security management systems.
in addition, the group has provisions regarding data privacy in its code of conduct and ethics.
employees are trained to respect the confidentiality of customers’ information.
any leakage of confidential information to third parties is strictly prohibited.
the group has also implemented firewall, anti-virus and anti-spam measures for its information technology "it" systems to safeguard customer confidential information, and such measures are routinely upgraded.
50 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report customer service quality the group welcomes feedback from customers, as it is the key to enhancing the group's services.
the group has set up procedures for handling feedbacks or complaints; any feedback or complaint will be recorded in detail, and appropriate follow-up actions will be taken.
should a feedback or complaint bears significant weight in the improvement of the group's services, the feedback or complaint will be considered a case study to prevent future recurrence.
during fy2022, the group did not receive any product- or service-related complaints.
advertising and labelling owing to the group’s business nature, it has an insignificant amount of business dealing with advertising and labelling matters.
protection of intellectual property “ip” rights ip rights are not considered a material esg aspect of the group owing to its business nature.
nevertheless, the group has established relevant guidelines to govern it management within the group.
in addition, the it department is responsible for obtaining proper licences for the software, hardware and information used in the group’s daily business operations.
duplication or downloading of information, software and images from the internet must be approved by the relevant department head.
furthermore, the group closely monitors behaviour among the employees.
the group regularly monitors its employees to ensure that ip rights are not being infringed upon.
b7.
anti-corruption and whistleblowing anti-corruption solid corporate governance and risk management are essential to the group's long-term development and sustainable growth.
the group endeavours to continuously improve its corporate rules and regulations and ensure strict compliance with local laws and regulations.
the group values and upholds integrity, honesty and fairness in how the group conducts business.
the group emphatically asserts its zero-tolerance stance regarding any behaviours that not only violate local laws and regulations but also severely damage the group’s reputation.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations of bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the prevention of bribery ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
there were also no legal cases regarding corruption practices brought against the group or its employees.
the group affirms its zero-tolerance policy regarding corruption, fraud and all other behaviours that severely violate professionalism and work ethics.
the code of conduct and ethics and the conflict of interest and transactions with interested persons policy have been formulated by the group to prevent misconduct and promote ethical and honest business behaviour.
moreover, board members and all staff are required to declare their interests, gifts or hospitality received in connection with their role within the group.
annual report 2022 51 environmental, social and governance report to ensure that all employees can perform their duties with high ethical standards and professionalism, the group has arranged internal and external anti-corruption and corporate governance training and encouraged employees to actively learn about the latest developments and future trends in global anti-money laundering.
during fy2022, directors and employees had received a total of 9 hours of training per employee fy2021: 10 hours of training per employee and 11 hours of training per employee fy2021: 8 hours of training per employee of anti-corruption training, respectively.
whistleblowing mechanism the group has established the whistleblowing policy, which sets out the reporting and investigative procedures to facilitate the reporting of any fraudulent activities.
the group intends to protect the whistle-blower from common concerns such as confidentiality, reprisal and potential retaliation.
a corporate email address has been set up for access by the chairman of the audit committee and all independent non-executive directors for whistleblowing purposes.
for any report received, the audit committee will consult with the chairman of the board and independent non-executive directors about any preventive measures to be put in place to prevent future breaches of a similar nature from taking place.
the audit committee will coordinate with the relevant departments to implement such preventive measures and regularly review the efficacy of the said measures.
the group provides assurance to the whistle-blower reporting in good faith against unfair dismissal or victimisation, even if the reports are subsequently proved to be unsubstantiated.
community investment the group realises the importance of giving back to society and is committed to supporting the community by various means of social participation and contribution as part of its strategic development.
as a responsible corporation, the group has established relevant guidelines on community investment to encourage its employees to engage in community services and voluntary activities.
since the group's core business of marine transportation will result in unavoidable carbon emissions and other environmental footprint when its vessels are chartered for use, the group has identified environmental concerns as its focus area of contribution for community investment, particularly in the area of marine conservation.
during fy2022, the group devoted significant resources to maintaining its business operations amidst the pandemic, including various supports for its staff and vessel crews, and suspended all philanthropic activities.
the group will focus more on social participation and community investment when the pandemic eases.
independent auditor's report deloitte.
德勤 to the shareholders of courage investment group limited incorporated in bermuda with limited liability opinion we have audited the consolidated financial statements of courage investment group limited the "company" and its subsidiaries collectively referred to as the "group" set out on pages 58 to 115, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 december 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the group as at 31 december 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with international financial reporting standards "ifrss" issued by the international accounting standards board "iasb" and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the hong kong companies ordinance.
basis for opinion we conducted our audit in accordance with international standards on auditing "isas".
our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the international ethics standards board for accountants' code of ethics for professional accountants the "code", and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the code.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
key audit matters key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period.
these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
inspire hk 驅動香港 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 53 independent auditor's report key audit matters continued key audit matter impairment assessment of vessels we identified the impairment assessment of vessels as a key audit matter due to the significance of the balance and management’s judgement required in the assessment.
the carrying value of vessels was us$40,167,000 as at 31 december 2022.
as disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the management determines the recoverable amount of the vessels based on the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal and compares such recoverable amount to the carrying amount to determine if any impairment loss or reversal of impairment loss should be recognised.
at 31 december 2022, the recoverable amount of the vessels was determined based on the valuation carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer using the market approach based on the direct comparison reference to the recent sale transactions of similar vessels with similar age and condition.
an impairment loss of us$797,000 was recognised as set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
how our audit addressed the key audit matter our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment of vessels included: - assessing the methodologies used by the management for the impairment assessment; - obtaining the valuation reports from the independent qualified professional valuer on the vessels to evaluate the relevance of key data inputs underpinning the valuation, including the recent transactions of vessels of similar age and condition from open sources; - checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy and relevance of the input data used in the value in use calculation by the management; and - assessing the reasonableness of the management’s key assumptions used in the value in use calculation based on available market data of the vessel chartering industry.
54 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 no content was generated for page 55.
no content was generated for page 56.
no content was generated for page 57.
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 december 2022 : , notes: , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : revenue, notes: , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : marine transportation income, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 12,079, 2021 us$'000: 8,976 : interest income, notes: , 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: 581 : property rental income, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 293, 2021 us$'000: 181 : total revenue, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 12,372, 2021 us$'000: 9,738 : direct expenses, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 7,000, 2021 us$'000: 4,925 : other income, notes: 7, 2022 us$'000: 661, 2021 us$'000: 82 : other gains and losses, net, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 272, 2021 us$'000: 594 : administrative expenses, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 1,335, 2021 us$'000: 1,523 : impairment loss recognised reversed on vessels, notes: 15, 2022 us$'000: 797, 2021 us$'000: 13,430 : allowance for credit losses on debt instruments, notes: 19, 2022 us$'000: 1,402, 2021 us$'000: 5,360 : at fair value through other comprehensive income, net, notes: , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : share of result of a joint venture, notes: 8, 2022 us$'000: 758, 2021 us$'000: 87 : finance costs, notes: 9, 2022 us$'000: 346, 2021 us$'000: 447 : profit before tax, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 1,123, 2021 us$'000: 10,488 : income tax expense, notes: 10, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: - : profit for the year attributable to owners of the company, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 1,123, 2021 us$'000: 10,488 : other comprehensive expense income, notes: , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:, notes: , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : exchange difference arising on translation of financial statements of the foreign operation of a joint venture, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 394, 2021 us$'000: 136 : net decrease in fair value at fair value through other comprehensive income, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 2,439, 2021 us$'000: 3,862 : reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 6, 2021 us$'000: - : , notes: 19, 2022 us$'000: 1,402, 2021 us$'000: 5,360 : other comprehensive expense income for the year, net of income tax, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 1,437, 2021 us$'000: 1,634 : total comprehensive expense income for the year attributable to owners of the company, notes: , 2022 us$'000: 314, 2021 us$'000: 12,122 : basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the company us cent, notes: 13, 2022 us$'000: 0.10, 2021 us$'000: 0.96 58 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 consolidated statement of financial position at 31 december 2022 notes: , 2022 us$’000: , 2021 us$’000: notes: non-current assets, 2022 us$’000: , 2021 us$’000: notes: current assets, 2022 us$’000: , 2021 us$’000: notes: current liabilities, 2022 us$’000: , 2021 us$’000: notes: courage investment group limited annual report 2022.
consolidated statement of financial position at 31 december 2022 notes: , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: notes: capital and reserves, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: notes: non-current liabilities, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: the consolidated financial statements on pages 58 to 115 have been approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 24 march 2023 and are signed on its behalf by: sue ka lok director wang yu director 60 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 december 2022 table: consolidated statement of changes in equity : , share capital us$’000: , share premium us$’000: , contributed surplus us$’000: , investment revaluation reserve us$’000: , other reserve us$’000 note: , exchange reserve us$’000: , accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: , total us$’000: : at 1 january 2021, share capital us$’000: 549, share premium us$’000: -, contributed surplus us$’000: 41,029, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: 382, other reserve us$’000 note: 10,362, exchange reserve us$’000: 251, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: 2,269, total us$’000: 49,540 : profit for the year, share capital us$’000: -, share premium us$’000: -, contributed surplus us$’000: -, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: -, other reserve us$’000 note: -, exchange reserve us$’000: -, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: 10,488, total us$’000: 10,488 : exchange difference arising on translation of financial statements of the foreign operation of a joint venture, share capital us$’000: -, share premium us$’000: -, contributed surplus us$’000: -, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: -, other reserve us$’000 note: -, exchange reserve us$’000: 136, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: -, total us$’000: 136 : net decrease in fair value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital us$’000: -, share premium us$’000: -, contributed surplus us$’000: -, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: 3,862, other reserve us$’000 note: -, exchange reserve us$’000: -, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: -, total us$’000: 3,862 : allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital us$’000: -, share premium us$’000: -, contributed surplus us$’000: -, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: 5,360, other reserve us$’000 note: -, exchange reserve us$’000: -, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: -, total us$’000: 5,360 : total comprehensive income for the year, share capital us$’000: -, share premium us$’000: -, contributed surplus us$’000: -, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: 1,498, other reserve us$’000 note: -, exchange reserve us$’000: 136, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: 10,488, total us$’000: 12,122 : issue of shares under the open offer note 27, share capital us$’000: 549, share premium us$’000: 8,599, contributed surplus us$’000: -, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: -, other reserve us$’000 note: 8,831, exchange reserve us$’000: -, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: -, total us$’000: 317 : transaction costs attributable to issue of shares note 27, share capital us$’000: -, share premium us$’000: 527, contributed surplus us$’000: -, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: -, other reserve us$’000 note: -, exchange reserve us$’000: -, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: -, total us$’000: 527 : at 31 december 2021, share capital us$’000: 1,098, share premium us$’000: 8,072, contributed surplus us$’000: 41,029, investment revaluation reserve us$’000: 1,116, other reserve us$’000 note: 1,531, exchange reserve us$’000: 387, accumulated losses retained profits us$’000: 8,219, total us$’000: 61,452 notes: this table presents a comprehensive overview of the company's equity changes during the year.
consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 december 2022 : , share capital us$'000: , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , investment revaluation reserve us$'000: , other reserve us$'000 note: , exchange reserve us$'000: , accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: , total us$'000: : profit for the year, share capital us$'000: , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , investment revaluation reserve us$'000: , other reserve us$'000 note: , exchange reserve us$'000: , accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: 1,123, total us$'000: 1,123 : exchange difference arising on translation of financial statements of the foreign operation of a joint venture, share capital us$'000: , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , investment revaluation reserve us$'000: , other reserve us$'000 note: , exchange reserve us$'000: 394, accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: , total us$'000: 394 : net decrease in fair value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital us$'000: , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , investment revaluation reserve us$'000: 2,439, other reserve us$'000 note: , exchange reserve us$'000: , accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: , total us$'000: 2,439 : reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital us$'000: , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , investment revaluation reserve us$'000: 6, other reserve us$'000 note: , exchange reserve us$'000: , accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: , total us$'000: 6 : allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net, share capital us$'000: , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , investment revaluation reserve us$'000: 1,402, other reserve us$'000 note: , exchange reserve us$'000: , accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: , total us$'000: 1,402 : total comprehensive expense income for the year, share capital us$'000: , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , investment revaluation reserve us$'000: 1,043, other reserve us$'000 note: , exchange reserve us$'000: 394, accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: 1,123, total us$'000: 314 : at 31 december 2022, share capital us$'000: 1,098, share premium us$'000: 8,072, contributed surplus us$'000: 41,029, investment revaluation reserve us$'000: 73, other reserve us$'000 note: 1,531, exchange reserve us$'000: 7, accumulated losses retained profits us$'000: 9,342, total us$'000: 61,138 note: at 31 december 2022 and 2021, other reserve of us$1,531,000 represented the excess of the fair value of a property interest transferred to a joint venture of the group attributable to the group over the carrying amount of a deferred consideration receivable, which was settled by an independent third party in the prior year.
62 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 december 2022 : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$’000, 2021: us$’000 : operating activities, 2022: , 2021: : profit before tax, 2022: 1,123, 2021: 10,488 : adjustments for:, 2022: , 2021: : interest income, 2022: 535, 2021: 588 : interest expenses, 2022: 346, 2021: 447 : loss on disposal of an investment property, 2022: 183, 2021: - : decrease in fair value of an investment property, 2022: -, 2021: 539 : depreciation of property, plant and equipment, 2022: 2,168, 2021: 1,371 : depreciation of right-of-use asset, 2022: 124, 2021: 125 : impairment loss recognised reversed on vessels, 2022: 797, 2021: 13,430 : reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, 2022: 6, 2021: - : allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net, 2022: 1,402, 2021: 5,360 : net decrease in fair value of financial assets, 2022: 758, 2021: 87 : share of result of a joint venture, 2022: -, 2021: 58 : operating cash flows before movements in working capital, 2022: 6,360, 2021: 4,283 : decrease in trade receivables, 2022: -, 2021: 94 : increase in other receivables and prepayments, 2022: 416, 2021: 162 : increase decrease in deposits received, other payables and accruals, 2022: 1,287, 2021: 127 : increase decrease in contract liabilities, 2022: 86, 2021: 26 : net cash from operations, 2022: 7,317, 2021: 4,062 : interest income received, 2022: 425, 2021: 638 : interest expenses paid, 2022: 351, 2021: 450 : net cash from operating activities, 2022: 7,391, 2021: 4,250 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 63 consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 december 2022 : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : investing activities, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : purchase of property, plant and equipment, 2022 us$'000: 3,185, 2021 us$'000: 6 : deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: - : net proceeds from disposal of an investment property, 2022 us$'000: 8,573, 2021 us$'000: 195 : proceeds from redemption of debt instruments, 2022 us$'000: 2,450, 2021 us$'000: - : placement of bank deposits at fair value through other comprehensive income, 2022 us$'000: 32,162, 2021 us$'000: - : withdrawal of bank deposits, 2022 us$'000: 18,544, 2021 us$'000: - : net cash used in investing activities, 2022 us$'000: 5,780, 2021 us$'000: 201 : financing activities, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : subscription monies received from the open offer note 27, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: 317 : transaction costs attributable to issue of shares note 27, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: 527 : repayment of borrowings, 2022 us$'000: 6,908, 2021 us$'000: 6,089 : repayment of lease liabilities, 2022 us$'000: 142, 2021 us$'000: 142 : net cash used in financing activities, 2022 us$'000: 7,050, 2021 us$'000: 6,441 : net decrease in cash and cash equivalents, 2022 us$'000: 5,439, 2021 us$'000: 2,392 : cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year, 2022 us$'000: 7,640, 2021 us$'000: 10,032 : cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year, 2022 us$'000: 2,201, 2021 us$'000: 7,640 64 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 1.
general information the company registration no.
36692 was incorporated in bermuda on 5 april 2005 as an exempted company with limited liability under the companies act 1981 of bermuda.
its registered office is at clarendon house, 2 church street, hamilton hm 11, bermuda and its principal place of business is at room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong.
the company's ordinary shares are primarily listed on the main board of sgx-st.
the consolidated financial statements are presented in united states dollars, which is the functional currency of the company, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand us$'000 where appropriate as indicated.
the company acts as an investment holding company.
the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries and a joint venture are set out in notes 37 and 18 respectively.
2.
application of amendments to international financial reporting standards “ifrss” amendments to ifrss that are mandatorily effective for the current year in the current year, the group has applied the following amendments to ifrss issued by international accounting standards board “iasb” for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on 1 january 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements: - amendments to ifrs 3 reference to the conceptual framework - amendment to ias 16 covid-19 – related rent concessions beyond 30 june 2021 - amendments to ias 37 onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract - amendment to ias 36 property, plant and equipment: proceeds before intended use - amendments to ifrs standards annual improvements to ifrs standards 2018 – 2020 the application of the amendments to ifrss in the current year has had no material impact on the group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 65 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 2.
application of amendments to international financial reporting standards “ifrss” continued new and amendments to ifrss in issue but not yet effective the group has not early applied the following new and amendments to ifrss that have been issued but are not yet effective: ifrs 17 including the june 2020 and december 2021 amendments to ifrs 17 amendments to ias 1 and ifrs practice statement 2 amendments to ias 12 amendments to ifrs 16 amendments to ias 1 amendments to ias 1 amendments to ifrs 10 and ias 28 : , : : insurance contracts¹, : : disclosure of accounting policies¹, : : definition of accounting estimates¹, : : deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction¹, : : lease liability in a sale and leaseback², : : classification of liabilities as current or non-current², : : sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture³, : effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 january 2023.
effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 january 2024.
effective for the company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to ifrss will have no material impact on the group's consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
3.
basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with ifrss issued by iasb.
for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users.
in addition, the consolidated financial statement include applicable disclosures required by the hong kong listing rules and the disclosure requirements of the hong kong companies ordinance.
the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments and an investment property that are measured at fair values at the end of the relevant reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies below.
historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
¹ effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
² the directors of the company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to ifrss will have no material impact on the group's consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
³ the directors of the company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to ifrss will have no material impact on the group's consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
66 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 .
no content was generated for page 67.
no content was generated for page 68.
no content was generated for page 69.
no content was generated for page 70.
no content was generated for page 71.
no content was generated for page 72.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3.
basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset continued where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units in prior years.
a reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
leases definition of a lease a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
for contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application, the group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under ifrs 16 at inception date.
such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.
the group as lessee allocation of consideration to components of a contract for a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.
non-lease components are separated from lease components and are accounted for by applying other applicable standards.
right-of-use asset the cost of right-of-use asset includes: - the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; - any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received; - any initial direct costs incurred by the group; and - an estimate of costs to be incurred by the group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.
right-of-use asset is measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.
the group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 73 no content was generated for page 74.
no content was generated for page 75.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3.
basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued financial instruments continued interest income which is derived from the group's ordinary course of business is presented as revenue.
financial assets classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost: - the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and - the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income "fvtoci": - the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and - the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
all other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss "fvtpi".
i amortised cost and interest income interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income "fvtoci".
for financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial instruments calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired see below.
for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
if the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.
for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial instruments, interest income is recognised by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the initial recognition.
the calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit-impaired financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired.
76 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 no content was generated for page 77.
no content was generated for page 78.
no content was generated for page 79.
no content was generated for page 80.
no content was generated for page 81.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 5.
revenue i disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the segment information: 2022 : , marine transportation us$'000: , investment holding us$'000: , property holding and investment us$'000: , total us$'000: : type of services:, marine transportation us$'000: , investment holding us$'000: , property holding and investment us$'000: , total us$'000: : marine transportation, marine transportation us$'000: 10,449, investment holding us$'000: -, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 10,449 : revenue from contracts with customers, marine transportation us$'000: , investment holding us$'000: , property holding and investment us$'000: , total us$'000: : leases, marine transportation us$'000: 10,449, investment holding us$'000: -, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 10,449 : interest income from debt instruments at fvtoci, marine transportation us$'000: 1,630, investment holding us$'000: -, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 1,630 : , marine transportation us$'000: -, investment holding us$'000: 293, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 293 : total revenue, marine transportation us$'000: 12,079, investment holding us$'000: 293, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 12,372 2021 : , marine transportation us$'000: , investment holding us$'000: , property holding and investment us$'000: , total us$'000: : type of services:, marine transportation us$'000: , investment holding us$'000: , property holding and investment us$'000: , total us$'000: : marine transportation, marine transportation us$'000: 7,364, investment holding us$'000: -, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 7,364 : revenue from contracts with customers, marine transportation us$'000: , investment holding us$'000: , property holding and investment us$'000: , total us$'000: : leases, marine transportation us$'000: 7,364, investment holding us$'000: -, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 7,364 : interest income from debt instruments at fvtoci, marine transportation us$'000: 1,612, investment holding us$'000: -, property holding and investment us$'000: -, total us$'000: 1,793 : , marine transportation us$'000: -, investment holding us$'000: 581, property holding and investment us$'000: 181, total us$'000: 581 : total revenue, marine transportation us$'000: 8,976, investment holding us$'000: 581, property holding and investment us$'000: 181, total us$'000: 9,738 82 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 5.
revenue continued ii performance obligations for contracts with customers the group provides marine transportation services to customers.
such service income is recognised over time as a performance obligation when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit provided by the group.
revenue is recognised for these marine transportation services based on the stage of completion of the contract using output method.
the group requires the customers to pay 15 days in advance for the marine transportation services.
if upfront payments are received for the services to be provided, such receipts are recognised as contract liabilities until the services have been performed for the customers.
iii transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers the marine transportation services are for periods of one year or less.
as permitted under ifrs 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.
iv leases : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$’000, 2021: us$’000 : operating lease income - vessel with fixed payment, 2022: 1,630, 2021: 1,612 : operating lease income - investment property with fixed payment, 2022: –, 2021: 181 : , 2022: 1,630, 2021: 1,793 6.
segment information the following is an analysis of the group’s revenue and results by operating segments, based on information provided to the executive directors and chief executive of the company, being the chief operating decision makers “codm”, for the purposes of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance.
this is also the current basis of organisation in the group, whereby the management organises the group based on different operating activities.
the accounting policies of the reportable and operating segments are the same as the group’s accounting policies described in note 3.
specifically, the group’s reportable and operating segments are as follows: 1.
marine transportation 2.
investment holding 3.
property holding and investment 4.
merchandise trading courage investment group limited annual report 2022 83 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 6.
segment information continued segment results represent the profit/loss from each segment without allocation of corporate income, corporate expenses, impairment loss recognised/reversed on vessels and share of result of a joint venture and investment holding segment.
the codm has allocated vessels and investment in a joint venture to the measurement of segment assets while the impairment loss recognised reversed on vessels and share of result of the joint venture are not allocated in the measurement of segment results.
segment revenue and results the following is an analysis of the group’s revenue and results by reportable and operating segments: table: segment revenue and results : , marine transportation: , investment holding: , property holding and investment: , merchandise trading: , total: notes: this table includes both the revenues and the results before tax.
the total amount includes an unallocated portion that is shown separately.
84 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 6.
segment information continued segment assets and liabilities the following is an analysis of the group’s assets and liabilities by reportable and operating segments: table: segment assets and liabilities : , marine transportation: , investment holding: , property holding and investment: , merchandise trading: , total: for the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments: - all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain property, plant and equipment, right-of-use asset, other receivables and prepayments, bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents; and - all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than certain other payables and accruals, borrowings and lease liabilities.
geographical information the group’s operations are principally located in hong kong and other asian countries.
the directors of the company consider that the nature of the group’s marine transportation business precludes a meaningful allocation of the group’s revenue and non-current assets relating to such business to specific geographical segments as these revenue and non-current assets mainly derive from and include vessels which are utilised across different geographical markets.
information about the group’s revenue from external customers/sources other than marine transportation business is presented based on the geographical location of the operations.
information about the group’s non-current assets other than marine transportation business is presented based on the geographical location of the assets.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 85 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 6.
segment information continued geographical information continued : , revenue from external customers/sources: , non-current assets: note: revenue excluded the revenue from marine transportation business.
non-current assets excluded debt instruments at fvtoci, the carrying amounts of vessels and dry-docking and deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment.
information about major customers revenue arising from customers individually contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the group are related to the marine transportation segment and are disclosed as follows: : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : customer a, 2022: 5,360, 2021: n/anote : customer b, 2022: 3,040, 2021: 3,550 : customer c, 2022: 1,983, 2021: 2,871 : customer d, 2022: 1,630, 2021: 1,654 note: the corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the group.
7.
other gains and losses, net : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : loss on disposal of an investment property, 2022: 183, 2021: - : decrease in fair value of an investment property, 2022: -, 2021: 539 : reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments at fvtoci, 2022: 6, 2021: - : net decrease in fair value of financial assets at fvtp, 2022: -, 2021: 58 : allowance for credit losses on other receivables, 2022: 91, 2021: - : net foreign exchange loss gain, 2022: 4, 2021: 3 : total, 2022: 272, 2021: 594 note n/a - not applicable 86 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 8.
finance costs : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : interest expenses from borrowings, 2022: 344, 2021: 441 : interest on lease liabilities, 2022: 2, 2021: 6 : total, 2022: 346, 2021: 447 9.
profit before tax profit before tax has been arrived at after charging crediting: : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : - audit service, 2022: 147, 2021: 147 : - salaries and other benefits, 2022: 681, 2021: 760 : - contributions to retirement benefits scheme, 2022: 22, 2021: 18 : total employee benefits expenses, 2022: 703, 2021: 778 : marine crew expenses, 2022: 2,679, 2021: 1,892 : depreciation of property, plant and equipment, 2022: 2,168, 2021: 1,371 : depreciation of right-of-use asset, 2022: 124, 2021: 125 : interest income from banks, 2022: 242, 2021: 7 notes: this table includes regional breakdowns and contract employee data.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 87 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 10.
income tax expense there was no assessable profit arising in hong kong for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021.
in the opinion of the directors of the company, there is no taxation arising in other jurisdictions.
income tax expense for the year is reconciled to profit before tax per the group's consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows: : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : profit before tax, 2022: 1,123, 2021: 10,488 : tax at the applicable income tax rate of 16.5% note, 2022: 185, 2021: 1,731 : tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose, 2022: 2,065, 2021: 3,715 : tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose, 2022: 1,741, 2021: 1,884 : tax effect of tax losses not recognised, 2022: 152, 2021: 100 : effect of utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised, 2022: 13, 2021: - note: hong kong profits tax rate is used for the tax reconciliation as the group is considered to be principally managed in hong kong.
at the end of the reporting period, the group had unused tax losses of us$6,758,000 2021: us$5,918,000.
no deferred tax asset had been recognised in respect of such losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.
the losses may be carried forward indefinitely.
88 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 11.
directors' and chief executive's emoluments the emoluments paid or payable to each of the seven 2021: eight directors or chief executive are as follows: 2022 : , directors' fees us$'000: , basic salaries and allowance us$'000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: , total us$'000: : executive directors/chief executive, directors' fees us$'000: , basic salaries and allowance us$'000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: , total us$'000: : mr.
sue ka lok note a, directors' fees us$'000: -, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: 167, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: 7, total us$'000: 174 : ms.
wang yu, directors' fees us$'000: -, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: 33, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: 2, total us$'000: 35 : mr.
yuen chee lap, carl, directors' fees us$'000: -, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: 122, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: 2, total us$'000: 124 : , directors' fees us$'000: , basic salaries and allowance us$'000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: , total us$'000: : non-executive director, directors' fees us$'000: , basic salaries and allowance us$'000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: , total us$'000: : dr.
feng xiaogang note b, directors' fees us$'000: 31, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: -, total us$'000: 31 : , directors' fees us$'000: , basic salaries and allowance us$'000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: , total us$'000: : independent non-executive directors, directors' fees us$'000: , basic salaries and allowance us$'000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: , total us$'000: : mr.
zhou qijin, directors' fees us$'000: 19, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: -, total us$'000: 19 : mr.
pau shiu ming, directors' fees us$'000: 19, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: -, total us$'000: 19 : mr.
tsao hoi ho, directors' fees us$'000: 19, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: -, total us$'000: 19 : , directors' fees us$'000: , basic salaries and allowance us$'000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: , total us$'000: : total, directors' fees us$'000: 88, basic salaries and allowance us$'000: 322, contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$'000: 11, total us$'000: 421 notes: - note a: mr.
sue ka lok is the chief executive officer of the group.
- note b: dr.
feng xiaogang is the chairman of the board.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 11.
directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments continued 2021 directors' fees us$’000: , basic salaries and allowance us$’000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$’000: , total us$’000: directors' fees us$’000: executive directors/chief executive, basic salaries and allowance us$’000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$’000: , total us$’000: directors' fees us$’000: non-executive director, basic salaries and allowance us$’000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$’000: , total us$’000: directors' fees us$’000: independent non-executive directors, basic salaries and allowance us$’000: , contributions to retirement benefits scheme us$’000: , total us$’000: notes: a.
mr.
sue ka lok resigned as non-executive director on 12 january 2021 and was re-appointed as executive director on 30 november 2021.
b.
dr.
feng xiaogang was appointed as executive director on 12 january 2021, re-designated as non-executive director on 1 january 2022 and resigned on 31 december 2022.
c.
ms.
sin pui ying resigned on 30 november 2021.
the executive directors' emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the group.
the non-executive directors' emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the company.
the independent non-executive directors' emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the company.
there was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive officer of the company waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.
90 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 12.
employees' emoluments of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the group, two were director or chief executive officer 2021: four were directors or a former director or chief executive officer of the company whose emoluments are included in note 11 above.
the emoluments of the remaining three 2021: one individuals are as follows: : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : salaries and allowance, 2022 us$'000: 147, 2021 us$'000: 47 : contributions to retirement benefits scheme, 2022 us$'000: 6, 2021 us$'000: 2 : , 2022 us$'000: 153, 2021 us$'000: 49 the emoluments of the remaining three 2021: one highest paid individuals other than directors or a former director or chief executive officer were within the band of nil to hk$1,000,000.
no emolument was paid by the group to any of the directors and the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the group as an inducement to join or upon joining the group or as compensation for loss of office.
13.
earnings per share the calculation of basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the company is based on the following data: : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : earnings, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : profit for the year attributable to owners of the company, 2022 us$'000: 1,123, 2021 us$'000: 10,488 : number of shares, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, 2022 us$'000: 1,097,704, 2021 us$'000: 1,092,753 the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the year ended 31 december 2021 for the purpose of calculating the basic earnings per share had been adjusted to account for the effect of the bonus element of the open offer of the company note 27 which became effective on 5 january 2021.
for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, no diluted earnings per share is presented as there were no dilutive potential ordinary shares outstanding during both years.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 91 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 14.
dividend during the year ended 31 december 2022, no dividend was paid, declared or proposed 2021: nil, nor has any dividend been proposed by the directors of the company since the end of reporting period.
15.
property, plant and equipment : , vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : cost, vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 1 january 2021, vessels us$'000: 64,098, dry-docking us$'000: 1,890, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 39, leasehold improvement us$'000: 203, total us$'000: 66,230 : additions, vessels us$'000: -, dry-docking us$'000: -, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 2, leasehold improvement us$'000: 4, total us$'000: 6 : written off, vessels us$'000: -, dry-docking us$'000: -, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 21, leasehold improvement us$'000: 131, total us$'000: 152 : , vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 31 december 2021, vessels us$'000: 64,098, dry-docking us$'000: 1,890, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 20, leasehold improvement us$'000: 76, total us$'000: 66,084 : additions, vessels us$'000: 435, dry-docking us$'000: 2,945, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: -, leasehold improvement us$'000: -, total us$'000: 3,380 : , vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 31 december 2022, vessels us$'000: 64,533, dry-docking us$'000: 4,835, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 20, leasehold improvement us$'000: 76, total us$'000: 69,464 : accumulated depreciation and impairment, vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 1 january 2021, vessels us$'000: 34,735, dry-docking us$'000: 1,051, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 28, leasehold improvement us$'000: 136, total us$'000: 35,950 : depreciation, vessels us$'000: 793, dry-docking us$'000: 560, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 3, leasehold improvement us$'000: 15, total us$'000: 1,371 : written off, vessels us$'000: -, dry-docking us$'000: -, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 21, leasehold improvement us$'000: 131, total us$'000: 152 : impairment loss reversed in profit or loss, vessels us$'000: 13,430, dry-docking us$'000: -, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: -, leasehold improvement us$'000: -, total us$'000: 13,430 : , vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 31 december 2021, vessels us$'000: 22,098, dry-docking us$'000: 1,611, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 10, leasehold improvement us$'000: 20, total us$'000: 23,739 : depreciation, vessels us$'000: 1,471, dry-docking us$'000: 681, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 2, leasehold improvement us$'000: 14, total us$'000: 2,168 : impairment loss recognised in profit or loss, vessels us$'000: 797, dry-docking us$'000: -, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: -, leasehold improvement us$'000: -, total us$'000: 797 : , vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 31 december 2022, vessels us$'000: 24,366, dry-docking us$'000: 2,292, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 12, leasehold improvement us$'000: 34, total us$'000: 26,704 : carrying values, vessels us$'000: , dry-docking us$'000: , furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: , leasehold improvement us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 31 december 2022, vessels us$'000: 40,167, dry-docking us$'000: 2,543, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 8, leasehold improvement us$'000: 42, total us$'000: 42,760 : at 31 december 2021, vessels us$'000: 42,000, dry-docking us$'000: 279, furniture and fixtures and equipment us$'000: 10, leasehold improvement us$'000: 56, total us$'000: 42,345 92 courage investment group limited: annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 15.
property, plant and equipment continued the estimated useful lives of the assets are summarised as follows: vessels - shorter of 30 years or the estimated remaining useful life of the second-hand vessels - dry-docking 2.5 to 5 years - furniture, fixtures and equipment 5 years - leasehold improvement 5 years during the year, the bdi remained volatile compared with that of the prior year.
hence, the directors of the company conducted a review of the recoverable amount of the group's vessels whereby an impairment loss on a vessel is recognised when the carrying amount of a vessel exceeds its recoverable amount, which in turn is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal.
the fair value of the group's vessels were determined based on the valuation carried out by jp assets consultancy limited, an independent qualified professional valuer not connected to the group, and the market approach was principally adopted for the valuation as there was a known market for used vessels.
the fair value of the vessels were primarily determined based on the direct comparison method by making reference to the recent sale transactions of similar vessels with similar age and condition level 2 fair value hierarchy.
at 31 december 2022, the fair value less costs of disposal of two vessels of the group were determined with reference to prevailing market conditions including second-hand prices and freight rate of similar vessels and amounted to us$30,225,000 2021: us$31,971,000 in aggregate, such fair values are higher than their respective value in use.
as the recoverable amounts of these vessels were lower than their individual carrying amount before impairment, an impairment loss on vessels of us$797,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the year 2021: an impairment loss on vessels of us$13,430,000 was reversed as the recoverable amounts of the vessels were higher than their individual carrying amount.
details of the pledge of property, plant and equipment are set out in note 30.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 93 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 16.
right-of-use asset : , 2022: , 2021: : carrying amount, 2022: 53,000, 2021: 53,000 : depreciation, 2022: 11, 2021: 135 : total cash outflow for leases, 2022: 124, 2021: 125 lease contract is entered into for fixed term of three years 2021: three years.
lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain different terms and conditions.
in determining the length of the non-cancellable period, the group applies the principle that it assesses the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.
17.
investment property : , us$'000: : at 1 january 2021, us$'000: 9,295 : decrease in fair value recognised in profit or loss, us$'000: 539 : at 31 december 2021, us$'000: 8,756 : disposal, us$'000: 8,756 : at 31 december 2022, us$'000: - .
94 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 17.
investment property continued the group's property interest held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation purposes represents an office unit in hong kong and was measured using the fair value model and classified and accounted for as investment property.
on 9 february 2022, the group entered into a conditional provisional sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to dispose of the group's investment property at a consideration of hk$68,300,000 equivalent to us$8,756,000.
the transaction was completed on 6 june 2022.
upon completion of the disposal, a loss on disposal of us$183,000 representing the direct expenses related to the disposal was recognised in profit or loss for the year ended 31 december 2022.
at 31 december 2021, the fair value of the group's investment property at the reporting date had been determined by taking into account the agreed consideration set out in the conditional provisional sale and purchase agreement.
the investment property was at level 2 fair value hierarchy and there were no transfers into or out of level 2 fair value hierarchy during the year ended 31 december 2021.
no rental income was generated during the current year 2021: rental income of us$181,000 was generated under operating lease from the group's investment property.
no material direct operating expenses were incurred for the investment property for the year ended 31 december 2021.
18.
interest in a joint venture : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : cost of investment in a joint venture, 2022: 5,330, 2021: 5,330 : share of post-acquisition losses and other comprehensive expenses, 2022: 1,315, 2021: 163 : , 2022: 4,015, 2021: 5,167 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 95 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 18.
interest in a joint venture continued name of entity: , place of establishment/ operation: , proportion of ownership interest and voting rights held by the group: , principal activity: name of entity: , place of establishment/ operation: , proportion of ownership interest and voting rights held by the group: 2022 %, principal activity: 2021 % the summarised financial information of the group’s interest in a joint venture prepared in accordance with accounting policies of the group is set out below: table: joint venture information : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : current assets, representing cash and cash equivalents, 2022 us$'000: 1, 2021 us$'000: 1 : non-current assets, 2022 us$'000: 10,711, 2021 us$'000: 13,563 : current liabilities, representing financial liabilities, 2022 us$'000: 1,083, 2021 us$'000: 1,172 the above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following: : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : loss profit for the year, 2022 us$'000: 1,817, 2021 us$'000: 210 : other comprehensive expense income for the year, 2022 us$'000: 946, 2021 us$'000: 326 96 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 18.
interest in a joint venture continued reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the joint venture recognised in the consolidated financial statements: : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : net assets of the joint venture, 2022: 9,629, 2021: 12,392 : proportion of the group’s ownership interest in the joint venture, same as carrying amount of the group’s interest in the joint venture, 2022: 4,015, 2021: 5,167 19.
debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : listed debt securities, 2022: 1,656, 2021: 6,545 : analysed for reporting purpose as:, 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: , 2021: : current assets, 2022: 264, 2021: 3,814 : non-current assets, 2022: 1,392, 2021: 2,731 : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: 1,656, 2021: 6,545 these debt instruments are listed on either the hong kong stock exchange or sgx-st.
at 31 december 2022, these debt instruments carried coupon from 5.25% to 11.95% per annum and would mature in 2023 to 2025 2021: 4.7% to 11.95% per annum and would mature in 2022 to 2025.
for the year ended 31 december 2022, the net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci of us$1,402,000 2021: us$5,360,000 was recognised in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income.
further details of the modification of debt instruments at fvtoci and impairment assessment are set out in note 34.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 97 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 20.
other receivables and prepayments table: other receivables and prepayments : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : other receivables, 2022: 472, 2021: 613 : reimbursement asset from an insurance company note 23, 2022: 821, 2021: - : account balance with brokers, 2022: 10, 2021: 110 : prepayments and other deposits for operating expenses, 2022: 222, 2021: 276 : total, 2022: 1,525, 2021: 999 details of impairment assessment on other receivables are set out in note 34.
21.
amount due from a joint venture the amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
details of impairment assessment on the amount due are set out in note 34.
22.
bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents bank deposits represented time deposits denominated in hong kong dollars or united states dollars which were placed with banks in hong kong for investment purposes, carried fixed interest from 4.19% to 5.94% 2021: nil per annum.
cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term deposits for the purpose of meeting the group's short-term cash commitments, which carried interest at prevailing market rates.
at 31 december 2022 and 2021, the group performed impairment assessment on bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents and concluded that the probability of defaults of the counterparty banks are insignificant and accordingly, no allowance for credit loss is provided.
98 .
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 23.
deposits received, other payables and accruals : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : accrued expenses and other payables for operations, 2022 us$'000: 770, 2021 us$'000: 311 : deposits received from lessee of vessel, 2022 us$'000: 735, 2021 us$'000: 735 : provision note, 2022 us$'000: 821, 2021 us$'000: - presented as: - non-current - current : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : non-current, 2022 us$'000: 735, 2021 us$'000: 735 : current, 2022 us$'000: 1,591, 2021 us$'000: 311 : total, 2022 us$'000: 2,326, 2021 us$'000: 1,046 note: during the year, one of the group’s vessels was involved in a collision with another vessel owned by an independent third party that occurred in the seas of singapore the “collision event”.
the owner of the other vessel has filed a claim against the loss caused by the negligence of the group.
the directors of the company have made the best estimate of the claim to be approximately us$821,000 following consultation with the lawyers.
the claim can be fully covered by an insurance policy took out by the group and thus a corresponding amount is recognized as a reimbursement asset note 20.
the directors of the company expect that the collision event is to be settled within twelve months after the end of the reporting period.
24.
contract liabilities : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : marine transportation income to be recognised in next year, 2022 us$'000: 101, 2021 us$'000: 15 as at 1 january 2021, contract liabilities amounted to us$41,000.
the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year of us$15,000 2021: us$41,000 was recognised as revenue during the year ended 31 december 2022.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 25.
borrowings : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : secured loans, 2022 us$'000: 2,878, 2021 us$'000: 9,786 : the carrying amounts of the loans are repayable:, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : within a period not exceeding one year, 2022 us$'000: 2,122, 2021 us$'000: 4,908 : within a period of more than one year, 2022 us$'000: 756, 2021 us$'000: 2,122 : but not exceeding two years, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: 2,756 : within a period of more than two years, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: - : but not exceeding five years, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: - : total, 2022 us$'000: 2,878, 2021 us$'000: 9,786 : less: amounts due within one year shown, 2022 us$'000: 2,122, 2021 us$'000: 4,908 : under current liabilities, 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: : amounts shown under non-current liabilities, 2022 us$'000: 756, 2021 us$'000: 4,878 : effective interest rate % per annum, 2022 us$'000: 2.95 - 7.17, 2021 us$'000: 1.21 - 4.13 the amounts due are based on the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.
the group’s borrowings were denominated in united states dollars 2021: united states dollars which were also the functional currencies of the respective entities of the group.
at 31 december 2022, the loans were carrying interest at london interbank offered rate “libor” 2021: libor plus certain basis points.
the outstanding loans at 31 december 2022 were repayable within one to two years 2021: within one to three years.
the borrowings at 31 december 2022 were secured by the followings: i corporate guarantee from the company; ii first preferred mortgage over the vessels held by heroic marine corp.
and polyworld marine corp., named mv heroic and mv polyworld respectively; and iii assignment of insurance proceeds in respect of vessels mv heroic and mv polyworld.
the borrowings at 31 december 2021 were secured by the followings: i corporate guarantee from the company; ii first preferred mortgage over the vessels held by zorina navigation corp., heroic marine corp.
and polyworld marine corp., named mv zorina, mv heroic and mv polyworld respectively; and iii assignment of insurance proceeds in respect of vessels mv zorina, mv heroic and mv polyworld.
100 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 26.
lease liabilities lease liabilities are payable: within a period not exceeding one year within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years : , 2022: , 2021: : within a period not exceeding one year, 2022: 12, 2021: 140 : within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years, 2022: -, 2021: 12 : total, 2022: 12, 2021: 152 : less: amounts due for settlement within one year shown under current liabilities, 2022: 12, 2021: 140 : amounts due for settlement after one year shown under non-current liabilities, 2022: -, 2021: 12 27.
share capital : , number of shares '000: , amount us$'000: : authorised:, number of shares '000: , amount us$'000: : at 1 january 2021, 31 december 2021 and 31 december 2022 us$0.001 per share, number of shares '000: 180,000, amount us$'000: 180,000 : issued and fully paid:, number of shares '000: , amount us$'000: : at 1 january 2021 us$0.001 per share, number of shares '000: 548,852, amount us$'000: 549 : issue of shares under the open offer, number of shares '000: 548,852, amount us$'000: 549 : at 31 december 2021 and 31 december 2022 us$0.001 per share, number of shares '000: 1,097,704, amount us$'000: 1,098 at 31 december 2022, all issued ordinary shares have a par value of us$0.001 each 2021: us$0.001 each, carry one vote per share and carry the rights to dividends as and when declared by the company.
during the year ended 31 december 2020, the company proposed an open offer of 548,851,784 offer shares at the subscription price of hk$0.13 per offer share on the basis of one offer share for every one share held on the record date the "open offer".
the open offer was completed in january 2021 and the company raised proceeds of us$9,148,000 before expenses, of which a sum of us$8,831,000 was received in december 2020 and the remaining sum of us$317,000 was received in january 2021, the transaction costs attributable to the issue of shares amounted to us$527,000.
the new shares issued rank pari passu with the existing shares.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 101 no content was generated for page 102.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 28.
share-based payment transactions continued equity-settled share option scheme of the company continued at the special general meeting of the company held on 20 october 2021, the shareholders of the company approved the refreshment of mandate limit in respect of the grant of options to subscribe for shares of the company under the share option scheme the “scheme mandate limit refreshment”.
accordingly, the total number of shares of the company available for issue under the share option scheme was 109,770,356 shares as refreshed, representing approximately 10% of the issued shares of the company as at the date of approval of the scheme mandate limit refreshment.
no share options has been granted under the share option scheme since its adoption.
the total number of shares of the company available for issue under the share option scheme is 109,770,356 shares, representing approximately 10% of the issued shares of the company as at the date of this annual report.
29.
operating leases the group as lessor at the end of the reporting period, the group had contracted with a charterer for the following future undiscounted lease payments: : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : within one year, 2022: 1,671, 2021: 1,672 : one to two years, 2022: 417, 2021: 2,084 : , 2022: 2,088, 2021: 3,756 30.
pledge of assets at 31 december 2022, two vessels 2021: three vessels with an aggregate carrying amount of us$27,404,000 2021: us$42,279,000 including dry-docking were pledged to a financial institution 2021: a bank and a financial institution as security for the loan facilities granted to the group.
31.
retirement benefits scheme the group operates a mandatory provident fund scheme the “mpf scheme” for all qualifying employees in hong kong.
the assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the group in funds under the control of trustees.
both the group and employees contribute a fixed percentage to the mpf scheme based on their monthly salary in accordance with government regulations.
the group’s contributions to the mpf scheme for its employees are fully and immediately vested in the employees once the contributions are made.
accordingly, there are no forfeited contributions under the mpf scheme that may be used by the group to reduce the existing level of contributions.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 103 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 32.
related party disclosures during the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, the remuneration of the group’s key management personnel comprising directors and chief executive officer is disclosed in note 11.
33.
capital risk management the group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to shareholders of the company through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.
the capital structure of the group consists of debt, which includes the borrowings as disclosed in note 25, offset by cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.
the directors of the company review the capital structure on a continuous basis taking into account the cost of capital and the risk associated with the capital.
the group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of dividend, issuance of new shares as well as raising of new debts or repayment of existing debts.
the group also ensures that it maintains net worth and capital-assets ratio within a set range to comply with the loan covenants imposed in the loan agreements.
the group's overall strategy remains unchanged from the prior year.
34.
financial instruments a categories of financial instruments the following table sets out the financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period: table: financial instruments : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: , 2021: : financial assets, 2022: , 2021: : debt instruments at fvtoci, 2022: 1,656, 2021: 6,545 : financial assets at amortised cost, 2022: 16,970, 2021: 9,027 : , 2022: , 2021: : financial liabilities, 2022: , 2021: : amortised cost, 2022: 4,128, 2021: 10,523 b financial risk management objectives and policies the group's financial instruments include debt instruments at fvtoci, other receivables, amount due from a joint venture, bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, deposits received, other payables and borrowings.
details of the financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes.
the risks associated with the group’s financial instruments include market risk currency risk and interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.
the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below.
the management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
104 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34.
financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued currency risk most of the group's assets and liabilities are denominated and settled in hong kong dollars or united states dollars.
as hong kong dollars is pegged to united states dollars, the management thus considers the group's foreign currency exposure is not significant.
the group has certain cash and cash equivalents denominated in renminbi which are considered as insignificant, as such, foreign currency sensitivity analysis is not presented.
the group will consider entering into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge against its foreign currency exposure if the risk is considered to be significant.
interest rate risk the group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to bank deposits see note 22 and lease liabilities see note 26.
the group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk primarily relating to cash and cash equivalents and borrowings at the end of the reporting period which carry variable interest rates, as disclosed in notes 22 and 25 respectively.
the group has not entered into any interest rate swaps to mitigate its exposure associated with fluctuations in interest rates.
however, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider necessary actions when significant interest rate exposure is anticipated.
the group's exposures to interest rates on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk section below.
the company consider that the changes in interest rates of cash and cash equivalents have no significant impact on the group and the sensitivity analysis of interest rate risk of such balances is not presented.
the directors of the group arising from the group's variable-rate borrowings.
the sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for variable-rate borrowings at 31 december 2022 and 2021.
the analysis is prepared assuming the variable-rate borrowings outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole reporting year.
a 300 basis points 2021: 100 basis points possible change in interest rates.
if interest rates had been 300 basis points 2021: 100 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held, the group’s profit for the year ended 31 december 2022 would decrease/increase by us$86,000 2021: us$98,000.
interest rate benchmark reform a fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement of libor with alternative nearly risk-free rates.
as at 31 december 2022, all libor settings have been either ceased to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative, except for us dollar settings other than the 1-week and 2-month settings which will be ceased immediately after 30 june 2023.
courage investment group limited 105 annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34.
financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued interest rate risk continued risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform arising from the transition period for contracts which have not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates and without detailed fallback clauses, if the bilateral negotiations with the group’s counterparties are not successfully concluded before the cessation of libor, there are significant uncertainties with regard to the interest rate that would apply.
this gives rise to additional interest rate risk that was not anticipated when the contracts were entered into.
there are fundamental differences between interbank offered rates the “ibors” and the various alternative benchmark rates.
ibors are forward-looking term rates published for a period e.
grams.
3 months at the beginning of that period and include an inter-bank credit spread, whereas alternative benchmark rates are typically risk-free overnight rates published at the end of the overnight period with no embedded credit spread.
these differences will result in additional uncertainty regarding floating rate interest payments.
progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates the borrowings with carrying amount of us$2,878,000 2021: us$7,000,000 are linked to libor and have not been transitioned to alternative interest rate, but the relevant loan agreements include fallback clauses to change the basis for determining the interest cash flows which is to be separately agreed by the group and the lenders.
the management closely monitors the interest environment and will start the negotiation with the lenders in appropriate timing in the forthcoming year.
credit risk and impairment assessment bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents the credit risks on bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are limited because the counterparties are banks/financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.
106 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34.
financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued amount due from a joint venture the group regularly monitors the business performance of the joint venture.
the group's credit risks in this balance is mitigated through the value of the assets held by the joint venture and the power to jointly control the relevant activities of the joint venture.
the initial recognition and the group performed impairment assessment based on 12m ecl.
for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, the group considered the ecl for the amount due from the joint venture is insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.
other receivables for other receivables, the directors of the company make periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive, and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
the directors of the company believe that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the group performed impairment assessment based on 12m ecl.
for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, the group considered the ecl for the other receivables is insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.
debt instruments at fvtoci all of the group's debt instruments at fvtoci are corporate bond investments listed on either the hong kong stock exchange or sgx-st which were acquired in previous years.
at 31 december 2022, all the issuers of these bond investments are property developer companies based in the prc.
since these bond investments are listed and external credit ratings are available, the group maximises the use of these ratings in the determination of ecl on these bond investments.
on the basis of the prevailing market conditions in the prc facing by these property developers, and that their debt instruments, as at 31 december 2022, were/had been in default for interest payments and/or principal repayments, the debt instruments are therefore regarded as credit-impaired or purchased or originated credit-impaired.
out of the us$1,330,000 have issuers of two of the debt instrumentswith total principal amount of us$1,330,000 have completed the negotiation of settlement schemes with their creditors.
the settlement schemes include terms for i settlement of partial outstanding amounts, ii extension of maturity with implementation of instalment settlement patterns; iii undertaking provided by the issuers to apply the proceeds from sale or financing of their assets including but not limited to properties projects held by those issuers or joint ventures of those issuers for the settlement of the outstanding amounts; and iv keepwell intention to assist the issuer concerned to meet its repayment obligations.
the group has participated in these schemes in order to reduce its credit loss exposure.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 107 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34.
financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued debt instruments at fvtoci continued except for the debt instruments with total principal amount of us$1,330,000 mentioned above of which the issuers have undertaken to apply the proceeds from sale or financing of their assets for the settlement of the outstanding amounts, all other debt instruments are unsecured with reference to the relevant default study publication issued by reputable international rating agencies.
the impact of the above settlement schemes are also reflected in the measurement of loss given default.
the applicable loss given default adopted in determining the ecl for the current year ranged from 65% to 93% 2021: 44% to 90%.
the group has also applied a higher adjustment factor for forward-looking information applicable to the bonds issued by these prc property developer companies to reflect the higher loss on these debt instruments, also reflects the financial uncertainties of these bond instruments.
the calculation of ecl follows the conditions of the property market in the prc and the price movements of these debt instruments, and will formulate appropriate exit strategy accordingly subject to market conditions prevailing from time to time.
during the year, principal of certain debt instruments totalling us$2,450,000 were redeemed.
the group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories: internal credit rating: , description: , financial assets/other items: internal credit rating: low risk, description: the counterparty has a low risk of default and does not have any past due amounts, financial assets/other items: 12m ecl internal credit rating: watch list, description: debtor frequently repays after due dates but usually settle in full, financial assets/other items: 12m ecl internal credit rating: doubtful, description: there have been significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition through information developed internally or externally, financial assets/other items: lifetime ecl - not credit-impaired internal credit rating: loss, description: there is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired, financial assets/other items: lifetime ecl - credit-impaired internal credit rating: write-off, description: there is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and the group has no realistic prospect of recovery, financial assets/other items: amount is written off 108 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34.
financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued the tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the group’s financial assets: notes: , external credit rating: , internal credit rating: , 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: , gross carrying amounts: notes: i.
for the purpose of ecl assessment, the group considers the aggregate of the gross principal amounts and the related contractual interests of the debt instruments.
ii.
for the purpose of internal credit risk management, the group uses past due information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 109 34.
financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued the following table shows reconciliation of allowance for credit losses that has been recognised for debt instruments at fvtoci, which are all originated at the beginning of the respective periods: table: reconciliation of allowance for credit losses : , 12m ecl us$’000: , lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: , lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: , purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: , total us$’000: : at 1 january 2021, 12m ecl us$’000: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: -, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: -, total us$’000: - : credit losses recognised, 12m ecl us$’000: 26, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: 1,380, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: 3,954, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: -, total us$’000: 5,360 : at 31 december 2021, 12m ecl us$’000: 26, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: 1,380, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: 3,954, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: -, total us$’000: 5,360 : transfer from lifetime ecl not credit-impaired to lifetime ecl credit-impaired, 12m ecl us$’000: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: 1,380, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: 1,380, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: -, total us$’000: - : transfer from lifetime ecl credit-impaired to purchased or originated credit-impaired, 12m ecl us$’000: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: 764, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: 764, total us$’000: - : remeasurement of credit losses, net, 12m ecl us$’000: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: 1,495, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: 67, total us$’000: 1,428 : credit losses reversed due to redemption, 12m ecl us$’000: 26, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: 605, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: 697, total us$’000: 26 : at 31 december 2022, 12m ecl us$’000: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired us$’000: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired us$’000: 6,065, purchased or originated credit-impaired us$’000: 697, total us$’000: 6,762 during the year, the changes in allowance for credit losses is explained by the remeasurement of credit losses made to the debt instruments with aggregate gross principal amount of us$8,330,000 and the redemption of the debt instruments with aggregate gross principal amount of us$2,450,000.
liquidity risk in the management of the liquidity risk, the group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the group’s operations utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.
the management therefore considers that the group’s liquidity risk has been reduced.
the following table details the group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities.
the table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows the group can be required to pay.
the table includes both interest and principal cash flows.
to the extent that interest flows are based on floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.
notes: this table includes regional breakdowns and contract employee data.
in the image, some areas are marked with red rectangles and names 1107.png, 1108.png.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34.
financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued liquidity risk continued weighted average interest rate %: , on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: , 6 to 12 months us$'000: , 1 to 2 years us$'000: , 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: , total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: , carrying amounts us$'000: weighted average interest rate %: at 31 december 2022, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: , 6 to 12 months us$'000: , 1 to 2 years us$'000: , 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: , total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: , carrying amounts us$'000: weighted average interest rate %: other payables, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: -, 6 to 12 months us$'000: 1,250, 1 to 2 years us$'000: -, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: -, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 1,250, carrying amounts us$'000: 1,250 weighted average interest rate %: borrowings, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: 8.65, 6 to 12 months us$'000: 1,175, 1 to 2 years us$'000: 1,129, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 775, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 3,079, carrying amounts us$'000: 2,878 weighted average interest rate %: lease liabilities, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: 2.86, 6 to 12 months us$'000: 12, 1 to 2 years us$'000: -, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: -, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 12, carrying amounts us$'000: 12 weighted average interest rate %: total, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: , 6 to 12 months us$'000: 2,437, 1 to 2 years us$'000: 1,129, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 775, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 4,341, carrying amounts us$'000: 4,140 weighted average interest rate %: at 31 december 2021, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: , 6 to 12 months us$'000: , 1 to 2 years us$'000: , 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: , total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: , carrying amounts us$'000: weighted average interest rate %: other payables, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: -, 6 to 12 months us$'000: 737, 1 to 2 years us$'000: -, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: -, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 737, carrying amounts us$'000: 737 weighted average interest rate %: borrowings, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: 3.75, 6 to 12 months us$'000: 4,005, 1 to 2 years us$'000: 1,178, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 2,290, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 10,269, carrying amounts us$'000: 9,786 weighted average interest rate %: lease liabilities, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: 2.86, 6 to 12 months us$'000: 73, 1 to 2 years us$'000: 72, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 12, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 157, carrying amounts us$'000: 152 weighted average interest rate %: total, on demand or 6 months or less us$'000: , 6 to 12 months us$'000: 4,815, 1 to 2 years us$'000: 1,250, 2 to 5 undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 2,302, total undiscounted cash flows us$'000: 11,163, carrying amounts us$'000: 10,675 the amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments of non-derivative financial liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.
fair values the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows: - the fair values of listed debt securities classified as debt instruments at fvtoci are categorised as level 1 fair value measurement and determined with reference to quoted prices in active markets; and - the fair values of other financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.
the directors of the company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost at the end of each reporting period approximate their fair values.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 111 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 35.
reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities : , lease liabilities us$’000: , borrowings us$’000: : at 1 january 2021, lease liabilities us$’000: 288, borrowings us$’000: 15,875 : interest expenses, lease liabilities us$’000: 6, borrowings us$’000: - : repayment, lease liabilities us$’000: 142, borrowings us$’000: 6,089 : at 31 december 2021, lease liabilities us$’000: 152, borrowings us$’000: 9,786 : interest expenses, lease liabilities us$’000: 2, borrowings us$’000: - : repayment, lease liabilities us$’000: 142, borrowings us$’000: 6,908 : at 31 december 2022, lease liabilities us$’000: 12, borrowings us$’000: 2,878 112 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 36.
statement of financial position and reserves movement of the company : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: us$'000, 2021: us$'000 : non-current assets, 2022: , 2021: : interests in subsidiaries, 2022: 56,327, 2021: 69,496 : amounts due from subsidiaries, 2022: -, 2021: - : , 2022: 56,327, 2021: 69,496 : current assets, 2022: , 2021: : other receivables and prepayments, 2022: 104, 2021: 25 : bank deposits, 2022: 9,387, 2021: - : cash and cash equivalents, 2022: 1,362, 2021: 5,809 : , 2022: 10,853, 2021: 5,834 : total assets, 2022: 67,180, 2021: 75,330 : current liabilities, 2022: , 2021: : amounts due to subsidiaries, 2022: 32,939, 2021: 31,984 : other payables and accruals, 2022: 76, 2021: 166 : , 2022: 33,015, 2021: 32,150 : net current liabilities, 2022: 22,162, 2021: 26,316 : total assets less current liabilities, 2022: 34,165, 2021: 43,180 : capital and reserves, 2022: , 2021: : share capital note 27, 2022: 1,098, 2021: 1,098 : reserves note, 2022: 33,067, 2021: 42,082 : , 2022: 34,165, 2021: 43,180 : total liabilities and equity, 2022: 67,180, 2021: 75,330 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 113 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 36.
statement of financial position and reserves movement of the company continued note: : , share premium us$'000: , contributed surplus us$'000: , other reserve us$'000: , accumulated losses us$'000: , total us$'000: : at 1 january 2021, share premium us$'000: -, contributed surplus us$'000: 41,029, other reserve us$'000: 8,831, accumulated losses us$'000: 4,219, total us$'000: 45,641 : loss and total comprehensive expense for the year, share premium us$'000: -, contributed surplus us$'000: -, other reserve us$'000: -, accumulated losses us$'000: 2,800, total us$'000: 2,800 : issue of shares under the open offer note 27, share premium us$'000: 8,599, contributed surplus us$'000: -, other reserve us$'000: 8,831, accumulated losses us$'000: -, total us$'000: 232 : transaction costs attributable to issue of shares note 27, share premium us$'000: 527, contributed surplus us$'000: -, other reserve us$'000: -, accumulated losses us$'000: -, total us$'000: 527 : at 31 december 2021, share premium us$'000: 8,072, contributed surplus us$'000: 41,029, other reserve us$'000: -, accumulated losses us$'000: 7,019, total us$'000: 42,082 : loss and total comprehensive expense for the year, share premium us$'000: -, contributed surplus us$'000: -, other reserve us$'000: -, accumulated losses us$'000: 9,015, total us$'000: 9,015 : at 31 december 2022, share premium us$'000: 8,072, contributed surplus us$'000: 41,029, other reserve us$'000: -, accumulated losses us$'000: 16,034, total us$'000: 33,067 37.
particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the company details of the company's principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out below: table: group data : , place of incorporation/ establishment: , class of shares held: , issued capital: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 %: , principal activities: : direct:, place of incorporation/ establishment: , class of shares held: , issued capital: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 %: , principal activities: : courage marine holdings bvi limited, place of incorporation/ establishment: the british virgin islands "bvi", class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: us$10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 %: 100, principal activities: investment holding : peak prospect global limited, place of incorporation/ establishment: bvi, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: us$1, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 %: 100, principal activities: investment holding : indirect:, place of incorporation/ establishment: , class of shares held: , issued capital: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 %: , principal activities: : cmg management limited, place of incorporation/ establishment: hong kong, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: hk$1, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 %: 100, principal activities: merchandise trading, investment holding and provision of management services : courage marine group limited, place of incorporation/ establishment: hong kong, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: hk$1, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 %: 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services notes: the table summarizes the group's subsidiaries and their key information.
the subsidiaries are categorized as direct and indirect.
the subsidiaries' principal activities are identified, and their place of incorporation, class of shares, issued capital, and proportion of ownership by the company are detailed.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 37.
particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the company continued details of the company's principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out below: continued name of subsidiaries: , place of incorporation/establishment: , class of shares held: , issued capital: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: , 2021 %: , principal activities: name of subsidiaries: indirect: continued, place of incorporation/establishment: , class of shares held: , issued capital: , proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: , 2021 %: , principal activities: name of subsidiaries: courage marine property investment limited, place of incorporation/establishment: hong kong, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: hk$10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, 2021 %: 100, principal activities: property holding and investment name of subsidiaries: heroic marine corp., place of incorporation/establishment: republic of panama, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: us$200, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, 2021 %: 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services name of subsidiaries: polyworld marine corp., place of incorporation/establishment: republic of panama, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: us$10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, 2021 %: 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services name of subsidiaries: zorina navigation corp., place of incorporation/establishment: republic of panama, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: us$10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 %: 100, 2021 %: 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services the directors are of the opinion that a complete list of subsidiaries of the company will be of excessive length and therefore the above list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affects the results or assets of the group.
none of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities as at the end of the year.
38.
event after the reporting period subsequent to the end of the reporting period, in connection with the claim made by the owner of the other vessel referred to in note 23, the group has paid a security deposit of us$1,006,000 to the supreme court of singapore pending settlement of the collision event.
the security deposit is to be refunded upon the closure of the collision event.
the directors of the company considered that the collision event has no significant impact to the group's operations and the group's vessel involved, which sustained minor damages in the event, is in normal operation.
.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 115 five-year financial summary year ended 31 december : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: , 2020 us$'000: , 2019 us$'000: , 2018 us$'000: : revenue, 2022 us$'000: 12,372, 2021 us$'000: 9,738, 2020 us$'000: 7,920, 2019 us$'000: 14,708, 2018 us$'000: 12,191 : profit loss before tax, 2022 us$'000: 1,123, 2021 us$'000: 10,488, 2020 us$'000: 3,471, 2019 us$'000: 180, 2018 us$'000: 1,252 : income tax credit expense, 2022 us$'000: -, 2021 us$'000: -, 2020 us$'000: 1, 2019 us$'000: -, 2018 us$'000: 1 : profit loss for the year, 2022 us$'000: 1,123, 2021 us$'000: 10,488, 2020 us$'000: 3,470, 2019 us$'000: 180, 2018 us$'000: 1,251 at 31 december : , 2022 us$'000: , 2021 us$'000: , 2020 us$'000: , 2019 us$'000: , 2018 us$'000: : total assets, 2022 us$'000: 66,455, 2021 us$'000: 72,451, 2020 us$'000: 66,926, 2019 us$'000: 64,770, 2018 us$'000: 59,118 : total liabilities, 2022 us$'000: 5,317, 2021 us$'000: 10,999, 2020 us$'000: 17,386, 2019 us$'000: 20,928, 2018 us$'000: 16,034 : equity attributable to owners of the company, 2022 us$'000: 61,138, 2021 us$'000: 61,452, 2020 us$'000: 49,540, 2019 us$'000: 43,842, 2018 us$'000: 43,084 annual report image notes: - this document is a five-year financial summary for the company.
- the information is in us dollars and reflects the company's financial performance over a five-year period.
- the financial data includes results for revenue, profit, and equity attributable to owners.
