forise international limited expanding horizons annual report 2022 the provided image does not contain any textual content or tables.
it is an illustration featuring a light bulb placed on top of a human head, surrounded by geometric shapes.
the image is not relevant to the content extraction task.
contents statement by directors 02 financial highlights 04 financial review 05 group structure 06 board of directors 07 key management 09 sustainability report 10 corporate governance report 24 statistics of shareholdings 107 notice of annual general meeting 109 additional information on directors seeking re-election or new appointment pursuant to rule 7206 of the listing manual of the sgx-st 114 proxy form providing solutions expanding horizons statement by directors dear shareholders, on behalf of the board of directors, i am pleased to present forise international limited's annual report for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 "fy2022".
the group recorded a net loss of s$2.38 million in fy2022.
this is mainly attributed to fewer contracts secured in our management consultancy services and corporate advisory services.
in addition to securing fewer contracts, the losses incurred by the group were also due to the recognition of expected credit loss allowance on financial assets amounting to s$1.10 million.
we would like to share the developments in fy2022, the group had incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary corporation in malaysia, forise international m sdn.
bhd., with an issued and paid-up capital of approximately s$31,656 equivalent to rm100,000 comprising 100,000 ordinary shares.
the group had appointed mr.
wan jinn woei "mr.
wan" as an executive director, to assist with business development and project execution.
mr.
wan is also the director of the newly incorporated subsidiary corporation in malaysia.
the group will adopt a prudent approach to gradually expand our team and business partners who are able to bring value to the group.
our subsidiary corporation in malaysia is anticipating growth in its business operations.
there is a growing interest in our services from potential customers in both malaysia and the asia pacific region.
on 1 april 2022, we had incorporated a subsidiary corporation in singapore, raffles neobank solutions pte.
ltd.
"raffles neobank" with an issued and paid-up capital of s$100,000 comprising 100,000 ordinary shares, in which the company held 51% and the non-controlling interest holder raffles neobank held the remaining 49%.
however, on 7 november 2022, the company had entered into a sale and purchase agreement to dispose of its entire 51% shareholding interest in raffles neobank to the non-controlling interest holder raffles neobank.
the disposal was completed on 22 november 2022.
subsequent to the completion, raffles neobank has ceased to be a subsidiary corporation of the company.
the group has implemented cost saving plans since the financial year ended 31 december 2021 "fy2021", and intends to keep such measures in place until it is satisfied that the group’s businesses achieve better performance and that the global economy becomes more certain.
annual report 2022 forise international limited 03 statement by directors as we move into the financial year ending 31 december 2023 “fy2023”, while the issues surrounding the covid-19 pandemic are largely under control, we expect the overall business environment to remain challenging, with uncertainties, such as the prolonged russia-ukraine war, the ongoing trade tensions between usa and china, rising interest rates and persistent inflation, which pan out globally.
on the other hand, the recent steps that china has taken to relax its zero-covid policies and border measures are positive signals that china is reopening its economy.
the group continues to strive in our current businesses and will continue to do our best to explore new business opportunities in asia pacific.
appreciation i would like to express our gratitude to mr.
peng fei and mr.
azman hisham bin ja’afar, who resigned as non-independent director and independent director on 9 september 2022 and 2 february 2023 respectively for their valuable contribution to the group.
at the same time, i warmly welcome mr.
wan peng wei and mr.
lee ah too as our new executive director and independent director respectively.
each of them bring extensive experience and knowledge to the group and we look forward to their guidance and advice in the future.
on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all our customers, business partners and shareholders for their unwavering support.
i would also like to thank our dedicated management team and staff for their hard work and dedication to the group.
lastly, i would like to acknowledge our fellow directors on the board for their guidance and advice throughout the year.
on behalf of the board of directors mr.
peng wei leo executive director financial highlights net loss s$ 2.38m loss before tax s$ 2.38m revenue s$ 0.32m net assets value s$ 3.27 cents operating cash outflows s$ 0.84m shareholders' equity s$ 1.15m losses per share basic & diluted s$ 3.81 cents financial review the group's revenue for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 "fy2022" amounted to s$0.32 million, which is a decrease of s$1.37 million compared to the s$1.69 million recorded in fy2021.
the significant decrease is mainly attributed to fewer new contracts secured in our management consultancy services and corporate advisory services business.
in fy2022, the group had recognised an expected credit loss allowance on financial assets amounting to s$1.10 million, which was not recorded in fy2021.
this is primarily due to the slow collection of trade and other receivables caused by receivables liquidity and credit assessment continuing to deteriorate as a result of the uncertain economic situation.
employee compensation increased to s$1.08 million in fy2022, a rise of s$0.1 million from s$0.98 million in fy2021.
in fy2022, there was a higher reduction rate of 28% - 35% on director and staff costs.
however, the reduction rate was decreased to 15% to 20% in fy2022, leading to higher employee compensation during the financial year.
the reduction in director's remuneration and staff costs were due to the cost containment strategy implemented by the management to mitigate the group's reduced operating activities.
the group incurred a net loss on foreign exchange of s$0.1 million in fy2022, due to the fluctuation of chinese renminbi "renminbi" and united states dollar "united states dollar" against singapore dollar "s$".
however, this loss was partly offset by the decrease in the tax expense of s$0.001 million in fy2022, compared to s$0.07 million in fy2021.
the decrease in tax expense was mainly due to companies within the group incurring significantly more losses during the financial year.
as a result of the above factors, the group recorded net loss after tax of s$2.38 million in fy2022.
financial position as at 31 december 2021, the group's total assets saw a significant decrease of s$2.33 million from s$3.88 million in fy2021 to s$1.55 million in fy2022.
the decrease was primarily due to an expected credit loss allowance provided during the financial year.
this was caused by the slow collection of trade and other receivables as receivables liquidity and credit assessment continued to deteriorate due to the uncertain economic situation, resulting in the decrease of trade and other receivables from s$1.56 million in fy2021 to s$0.10 million in fy2022.
in addition, the group's cash and cash equivalents decreased by s$0.85 million from s$2.27 million in fy2021 to s$1.42 million in fy2022, primarily due to the net cash outflow from operating activities.
on the other hand, the total liabilities decreased by s$0.05 million from s$0.45 million in fy2021 to s$0.40 million in fy2022.
the decrease was mainly due to the absence of tax payable as the companies within the group incurred losses during the financial year.
however, this decrease was offset by an increase in the accrued expenses.
as a result of the above, the total shareholders' equity decreased from s$3.43 million in fy2021 to s$1.15 million in fy2022.
cash flows the group's cash and cash equivalents decreased by s$0.85 million from s$2.27 million as at 31 december 2021 to s$1.42 million as at 31 december 2022, primarily as a result of the net cash outflow from operating activities.
group structure forise international limited - 100% forise management limited - incorporated in hong kong - 50.1% prisma technologies pte.
ltd.
- incorporated in singapore - 100% forise international m sdn bhd - incorporated in malaysia - 100% tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limited - incorporated in china - - 40% le rong corporation management shenzhen co., ltd - incorporated in china - - 100% tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limited beijing branch - on 8 august 2022, the company had incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary in malaysia, forise international m sdn.
bhd.
“forise malaysia” with an issued and paid-up capital of approximately s$32,000 equivalent to rm100,000 comprising 100,000 ordinary shares.
no content was generated for page 8.
board of directors mr.
siow chee keong "mr.
siow" is our independent director and was appointed to our board on 1 december 2021.
he is a member of the audit committee and a member of the nominating committee and remuneration committee.
he has many years of audit and management experience in business systems, information technology, finance and accounting with commercial and financial organisations in canada, usa, england and singapore.
he is currently the executive director of virtus assure pte ltd which offers governance, risk and control and sustainability consultancy.
mr siow qualified as a chartered certified accountant with the association of chartered certified accountants in 1981, a certified internal auditor with the institute of internal auditors inc.
in 1985, a certified general accountant with the certified general accountants of canada in 1990 and is a non-practising member of the institute of singapore chartered accountants.
he graduated from the university of warwick, england, with a master of business administration.
mr siow is on the board of several listed and private companies, and is a member of the singapore institute of directors.
mr.
lee ah too "mr.
arthur lee", was appointed to the board as an independent non-executive director on 1 december 2022.
he is a member of the audit committee and the chairman of the nominating committee and remuneration committee.
he is presently a member of the malaysian institute of accountants.
mr.
arthur lee graduated with a bachelor of accounting from the university of malaya in 1983.
he was the partner in charge of ernst & young malacca branch office from 1998 up to june 2019.
he has more than 30 years of experience in providing various types of assurance and business advisory services, including but not limited to financial due diligence, acquisitions, fund raising and public listing.
among his portfolio of clients are plantation, retailing, construction, entertainment, property development, power, energy, construction, transportation and financial services.
key management dr shreeram subramaniam iyer dr shreeram subramaniam iyer "dr shreeram" joined prisma technologies pte.
ltd.
"prisma tech" as director in october 2019.
dr shreeram is responsible for the operations of the management consultancy activities of prisma tech.
dr shreeram has over two decades of experience in the field of it and in key functions such as sales, brand development, operations and market expansion.
he has been a strategic it advisor to the economic development agency of the german state of north rhine-westphalia for more than a decade, and has been closely associated with various bilateral chambers globally.
dr shreeram has served as the chairman and group ceo of prisma ai corporation pte ltd since december 2012 and he was previously a senior vice president - international operations of patni computer systems ltd.
and senior vice president and head of asia pacific for gamapiy infotech and motorola wireless.
dr shreeram holds a bachelor of mechanical engineering, post graduate diploma in computer science and master of marketing management from university of mumbai.
dr shreeram completed an executive programme in artificial intelligence and business specification from massachusetts institute of technology.
he has been instrumental in adapting and enhancing existing technologies in the global market, specifically in the field of cognitive computing and artificial intelligence "ai".
wu li wei wu li wei "ms.
wu" joined tianjin wfoe as accountant in july 2018.
ms.
wu is responsible for the finance, accounting and regulatory compliance functions of tianjin wfoe.
prior to joining our group, ms.
wu had over 3 years of experience in accounting and finance from a fund management company.
ms.
wu holds a bachelor degree in accounting from china university of geosciences.
pranal gore resigned on 12 november 2022 pranal gore "mr.
pranal" joined prisma tech as principal project manager in february 2021.
mr.
pranal was responsible for various aspects of management of prisma tech's it solutions related projects, including planning and establishing project goals; setting milestones and tracking progress; guiding the team based on his expertise; ensuring timely delivery; assessing, improving, and resolving glitches along the way; and working with finance and determining and adhering to a set budget.
mr.
pranal is a machine learning engineer and coder with 13 years of professional and corporate experience.
he specializes in machine learning algorithms and statistics, and is also a proficient coder in python, angular5, nodejs, asp.net and c.
prior to joining prisma tech in february 2021, he was a senior software development engineer at i2e consulting india.
he was also previously a software developer at reliance infosolutions, qveda interactive design and aurionpro and a senior consultant at capgemini india, and has significant experience in managing projects in the ai sphere.
mr.
pranal holds a bachelor of computer engineering from k.c.
college of engineering and a master of business administration, information technology from kala institute of management studies and research.
xing yue sheng resigned on 31 december 2022 xing yue sheng "mr.
xing" joined our tianjin wholly foreign owned entity "wfoe" as investment director in april 2019 and became consultant in july 2020.
mr.
xing is responsible for the operations of the corporate advisory activities of tianjin wfoe.
prior to joining our group, mr.
xing has gained over 12 years of experience in corporate finance, corporate advisory including ipo, restructuring, investment and merger management, and fund management with da tang jin fund management limited and wei guang hui tong cultural tourism investment limited.
mr.
xing holds a bachelor degree in international economics and commerce from university of science and technology beijing.
yap yoke peng yap yoke peng "ms.
yap" joined our group as financial controller in august 2021.
ms.
yap is responsible for the group's finance, accounting and regulatory compliance functions, including corporate governance, human resource, corporate secretarial and tax matters.
ms.
yap is a member of the institute of singapore chartered accountants "isca" and a fellow member of association of chartered certified accountants "fcca".
sustainability report board statement dear stakeholders, the board of directors the “board” of forise international limited “forise” or the “company” and together with its subsidiaries the “group” or “we”, is pleased to present the sustainability report the “report” for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 “fy2022”, which provides an overview of the group’s commitment and continued efforts in enhancing sustainability performance.
our sustainability governance structure the group believes that sustainability contributes to the long-term prosperity and development of its business.
the board is responsible for establishing and overseeing the direction of the group’s sustainability management framework, reviewing the group’s performance and targets on material economic, environmental, social and governance “eesg” factors, evaluating and monitoring the group’s material eesg risks and opportunities during the formulation of its strategic direction, objectives, policies, implementing and integrating sustainability into the group’s operations, and identifying material eesg factors.
the information disclosed in the sustainability reports, under the board’s delegations, the group’s senior management the “management” is responsible for identifying material eesg factors, implementing, and integrating sustainability into the group's operations, and formulating appropriate solutions to improve the overall eesg performance.
the findings, decisions, and suggestions should be reported to the board annually.
for details related to the group’s governance body and composition, please refer to the "corporate governance and risk management" section of the annual report.
our sustainability strategy the board firmly believes that a focus on sustainability is critical to creating potential business opportunities.
companies that are best-in-class in operating in a sustainable manner will be able to offer superior products and services and recruit the best people, thereby outperforming their competitors in the longer term.
the group is therefore committed to conducting its business in a responsible and sustainable manner.
we are making progress to improve our sustainability reporting practices in the short term, and to enhance our eesg performance in the medium to long term.
in fy2022, the group has made its first disclosure of the climate-related risk management approach in the report with reference to the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “task force on climate-related financial disclosures” framework.
through the following approach, the group aims to effectively manage the material eesg factors relevant to the group: diagram the group strives to adopt the appropriate sustainable practices relevant in our industry and remains committed to contributing to the environment and the well-being of our employees, business and local communities.
the board would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees, customers and business partners for their continuous support, and look forward to their continued support to improve our sustainability practices.
mr.
peng weile leo executive director sustainability report about this report reporting framework the report is prepared in compliance with the listing rules 711a and 711b and the requirements of practice note 7.6 of singapore exchange securities trading limited “sgx-st”, and with reference to the global reporting initiative “global reporting initiative” standards 2021.
the global reporting initiative standards were chosen as the reporting framework because it is one of the most established international sustainability reporting standards, setting out generic sustainability factors, including general principles and indicators for reporting on policies, practices, performance and targets.
reporting scope and period the group issues a sustainability report on an annual basis and published this report on 12 april 2023.
this report presents and summarises the group’s policies, practices and performance on material eesg factors for fy2022.
it covers the operations of the entities that contributes major revenue to the group, as listed below: - forise international limited, the headquarters in singapore; - tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limited in china; and - prisma technologies pte.
ltd.
in india.
forise international m sdn.
bhd.
in malaysia is excluded from the reporting scope as its operation has just commenced and has no material impact on the group’s performance.
in line with the group’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, the group will strengthen its sustainability framework and practices in the future and will expand its scope of disclosure as the group’s sustainability reporting matures.
independent assurance this report has undergone the internal review process and was reviewed by the board.
the report and selected parts of the sustainability reporting process, including the data collection process, have been reviewed by an internal auditor engaged by the group.
we have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy.
we may consider seeking external independent assurance in the future.
feedbacks we welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us to improve our policies, systems and results.
please send your comments and suggestions to contact@foriseinternational.com.
report accessibility this report forms part of the group’s fy2022 annual report and is available on the sgx-st’s website.
sustainability report organisational profile forise formerly known as great garment holdings limited was incorporated on 29 february 2008 and listed on the main board of the sgx-st on 25 september 2009.
following the divestment of the garment trading business and cessation of inactive subsidiaries in fy2019, the strategic direction of the group is to focus on the development of strategic planning, corporate advisory, financial restructuring and solution and management consultancy services.
in order to bring the group's activities in line with this direction, the group had changed the principal activities of its associated company from commercial factoring to that of management consultancy and corporate and financial advisory services, effective from january 2020.
additionally, in view of the growth and potential applications of digital transformation in the new economy, the group had entered into a joint venture with prisma ai corporation pte.
ltd.
in october 2019 and incorporated a subsidiary corporation, prisma technologies pte.
ltd.
the group has also expanded its market to malaysia and incorporated forise international m sdn.
bhd.
in fy2022.
the group structure is as follows: group structure forise international limited - 100% forise management limited - incorporated in hong kong - 50.1% prisma technologies pte ltd - incorporated in singapore - 100% tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limited - incorporated in china - 100% forise international m sdn bhd - incorporated in malaysia - 40% le rong corporation management shenzhen co.
ltd - incorporated in china - 100% tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limited - beijing branch no content was generated for page 14.
sustainability report materiality assessment the group conducts a materiality assessment on an annual basis.
we adopt a multi-faceted view, assessing the potential impact of eesg issues on our business including strategy and business model, financial planning, the economy, environment and people including impacts on their human rights and influence on the stakeholders.
a list of material eesg issues were identified and prioritised by taking reference from the regulatory requirements, international standards such as sasb and msci, global and industry trend, peer benchmarking and interview with the management.
in fy2022, the group has identified the following material aspects: list of material topics governance: , economic: , environmental: , social: governance: business ethics and compliance, economic: economic performance, environmental: climate risk mitigation and adaptation, social: diversity and equal opportunity governance: enterprise risk management "erm", economic: anti-corruption and whistleblowing, environmental: energy and emissions management, social: fair employment governance: , economic: , environmental: supplier environmental assessment, social: occupational health and safety governance: , economic: , environmental: , social: training and education governance: , economic: , environmental: , social: customer privacy protection governance: , economic: , environmental: , social: supporting local communities governance business ethics and compliance the group firmly believes that focus on sustainability is critical and that it offers attractive opportunities.
we are fully committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, and strive to advance responsible business conduct across the group.
we believe that long-term profitability and shareholder value can be ensured by taking into account the interests of stakeholders.
we are committed to: - complying with all local laws and regulations where we operate; - preventing any possibility of conflict of interest in the workplace, as stipulated in the employee code of conduct policy; - adhering to the principles set forth in internationally recognised codes, including but not limited to the united nations "un" guiding principles on business and human rights, the un global compact and the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises; and - maintaining an active dialogue with our stakeholders to understand their expectations.
no content was generated for page 16.
sustainability report environmental based on the group's operating scope, our business operations have very limited impact towards the environment.
however, we always strive to avoid unnecessary impact on the environment and to further reduce environmental impact.
our efforts are mainly focused towards minimising our energy usage.
climate change mitigation and adaptation climate risk considerations have stood out as a critical aspect of business continuity that needs to be addressed.
through the adoption of the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures framework, we assess the impact of key climate-related risks and opportunities and disclose climate action strategy under four overarching elements, including governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets.
governance we have established a robust governance structure as described in the “board statement” section.
the board oversees the group's sustainability in the formulation of its strategy and approves the disclosures on the group's climate-related risks and opportunities and its responding actions to enhance climate resilience.
under the board's delegations, the management is responsible for implementing and integrating relevant mitigation and adaptation measures into the group's operations.
strategy we acknowledge that climate change brings risks and opportunities to our business.
to strengthen our understanding of the climate-related issues, the group has incorporated climate risk into its erm process and strives to keep abreast of the latest trends in climate adaptation and mitigation through stakeholder engagement.
the group has actively taken the following measures in response to the potential risks and opportunities.
risk management physical risks since the group has adopted flexible working arrangements in its rented offices, the disruption to its routine business operations and the corresponding financial impact caused by extreme weather events is minimal.
for the safety of its employees, the group will closely monitor the latest weather news and provide guidance on the working arrangement when required according to the suggestions issued by the local authorities.
transition risks local governments have been accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy.
the development of international policies and regulations on climate change may therefore pose potential transition risks to the group.
the group may have to incur higher operating costs to comply with the regulatory changes.
failure to meet climate change compliance requirements may expose the group to the risk of claims and litigation, which may result in a possible loss of corporate reputation.
the group will regularly monitor existing and emerging climate-related trends to avoid reputation risks due to slow response.
we will also pay attention to policies and regulations and obtain compliance advisory services when necessary.
the group intends to maintain high transparency in sustainability reporting and its related activities which establishes trust and confidence in its relationship with investors and customers.
metrics and targets the group follows the best practice of enhancing energy-efficiency and complies with related environmental laws and regulations.
relevant targets and measures on climate change and energy-saving can be found in the below section headed "energy and emission management".
sustainability report energy and emissions management we recognise the importance of combating the effects of climate change.
based on our business activities and model however, the group is minimally involved in environmentally impactful activities or activities with high energy consumption.
the group does not consume fuel directly from either renewable or non-renewable sources, therefore it does not generate any air emissions and direct scope 1 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions.
the group only consumes electricity for its daily operations.
as the utility expenses were included in the management fee of the rented share offices, relevant energy consumption data and energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are not available.
nonetheless, the group remains committed to enhance energy efficiency.
we encouraged employees to practise energy saving initiatives, including but not limited to: - using energy only when needed for example, turning off the lights when not in use, - installing led energy-saving bulbs, and - maintaining operation of air-conditioner at 25°c.
starting from fy2023, we will disseminate email messages related to energy conservation and climate change annually to raise awareness among employees, in an attempt to fulfil our commitment with the contribution of all employees.
supplier environmental assessment the group strives to monitor its environmental impact and encourages its stakeholders, such as service partners and trading partners, to meet the same expectations.
we ensure that all new suppliers are screened and selected with taking into consideration of environmental criteria and have been using reputable mid-tier companies that are environmentally friendly.
to meet the expectation of our clients, we conduct regular assessments of our key service providers to ensure that they all comply with anti-child labour laws and avoid the use of non-eco-friendly materials.
when necessary, the group will request key service providers to present their policies on monitoring and managing eesg issues including environmental protection, ethics, training, and to report any cases of non-compliance with environmental or safety laws.
in fy2022, none of our key service providers were identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts.
sustainability report social diversity and equal opportunity we embrace diversity, and at the same time expect employees to be aligned with the group's vision and strategic initiatives.
as at 31 december 2022, the group has a total of 10 employees as at 31 december 2021: 17 employees.
the detailed breakdown is as follows: table: employee demographics category: , governance body: , employees: , total: category: by gender, governance body: executive directors, employees: management, total: category: male, governance body: 2 100%, employees: 3 75%, total: 8 80% category: female, governance body: -, employees: 1 25%, total: 2 20% category: by age group, governance body: , employees: , total: category: < 30 years old, governance body: -, employees: -, total: - category: 30 - 50 years old, governance body: 2 100%, employees: 4 100%, total: 10 100% category: 50 years old, governance body: -, employees: -, total: - category: by geographical region place of work, governance body: , employees: , total: category: singapore, governance body: 2 100%, employees: 1 25%, total: 3 30% category: china, governance body: -, employees: 2 50%, total: 3 30% category: india, governance body: -, employees: 1 25%, total: 4 40% the group recognises the benefits of having an effective and diverse board, and understands that skill diversity at the board level is an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and sustainable development.
taking into account the nature and scope of the group's operations, the group reviews the board composition annually and believes the current composition is diverse in terms of skills, experience and attributes for effective decision-making for the group.
the board diversity policy has been set out in the "corporate governance and risk management" section of the annual report.
fair employment the group endeavours to create and maintain an inclusive and collaborative workplace culture in which all employees can thrive.
detailed employment practices have been stipulated in the employee code of conduct policy to ensure its compliance with labour and employment laws.
the group is dedicated to maintaining workplaces that are free from discrimination, physical or verbal harassment, maternity status, union membership or political opinion, among others.
employees are encouraged to report on any incidents in relation to discrimination to their immediate superior or human resources department through the whistleblowing system.
in fy2022, there were no reported incidents of discrimination fy2021: nil and we target to maintain the record for fy2023.
sustainability report in fy2022, the group has hired a new executive director to supplement the collective skillsets of the board and therefore has recorded an overall turnover rate of approximately 10%.
the breakdown is as follows: table: number and rate of employee new hires category: , number and rate of employee new hires: category: by gender, number and rate of employee new hires: category: male, number and rate of employee new hires: 1 13% category: female, number and rate of employee new hires: - category: by age group, number and rate of employee new hires: category: < 30 years old, number and rate of employee new hires: 1 10% category: 30 - 50 years old, number and rate of employee new hires: - category: 50 years old, number and rate of employee new hires: - category: by geographical region place of work, number and rate of employee new hires: category: singapore, number and rate of employee new hires: 1 33% category: china, number and rate of employee new hires: - category: india, number and rate of employee new hires: - due to the restructuring of the india operation, the group has recorded an overall employee turnover rate of approximately 70% in fy2022.
the breakdown is as follows: table: number and rate of employee turnover category: , number and rate of employee turnover: category: by gender, number and rate of employee turnover: category: male, number and rate of employee turnover: 6 75% category: female, number and rate of employee turnover: 1 50% category: by age group, number and rate of employee turnover: category: < 30 years old, number and rate of employee turnover: 3 - category: 30 - 50 years old, number and rate of employee turnover: 4 40% category: 50 years old, number and rate of employee turnover: - category: by geographical region place of work, number and rate of employee turnover: category: singapore, number and rate of employee turnover: 7 175% category: china, number and rate of employee turnover: - category: india, number and rate of employee turnover: - as we recognise that human capital is the backbone in supporting the development of the group, we are committed to providing competitive remuneration packages to full-time employees.
full-time employees enjoy benefits include but not limited to life insurance, health care, and disability and invalidity coverage.
we believe that these benefits attract talent retention, which can create a positive work environment and help strengthen employees’ commitment to the group.
sustainability report occupational health and safety the group is committed to safeguarding our employees' health and safety against any potential workplace hazards.
we have taken measures to enhance employees' awareness of occupational health and safety in areas including fire safety, hygiene, work-life balance, and prevention of injuries.
in view of the covid-19 outbreak, the group remains highly vigilant to the potential impact of health and safety on its employees.
the group has implemented covid-19 control measures in accordance with regulations imposed by the minister of manpower in singapore and other local authorities in china and india.
measures include but are not limited to work from home arrangement for office staff, restriction of physical meetings at workplace, monitoring of health program, safe distancing and other practices as required.
there have been no work-related fatalities, high-consequence work-related injuries and recordable work-related injuries for fy2022 fy2021: nil and we target to maintain the record for fy2023.
training and education forise understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge.
this is beneficial to the staff development and also to the group.
thus, staff are encouraged to go for courses and seminars to keep themselves updated of the latest rules and regulations and the market investment trends.
all directors have undergone an average of 4 hours of training per employee training on sustainability matters as prescribed by the sgx-st.
there is no training given to employees in fy2022 as the group reduces training programmes to our employees per year to ensure the adequate level of training for their scope of work.
our target for fy2023 is to increase the average hours of training per employee of training to 10 hours of training per employee per employee due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the group will strive to provide training due course in the coming years.
customer privacy protection the group complies with relevant laws and regulations concerning customer privacy and endeavours to protect the personal data from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification, or disclosure.
the group has stipulated relevant rules in the employee code of conduct policy to ensure that the employees who handle customers' personal data and complaint data respect the confidentiality of such personal data and privacy, and handle with care to ensure customer privacy.
during fy2022, the group has received no substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and identified no leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data.
we target to maintain this record for fy2023.
supporting local communities the group recognises the importance in being socially responsible and strives to give back to society in a positive and meaningful way.
the group considers ways of supporting communities in which it operates through charitable donations and participating corporate social responsibility "csr" activities, such as reaching out to the less fortunate and extending a helping hand to them.
unfortunately, due to the continuous outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic in fy2022, as well as the various measures imposed to contain the spread of the virus such as social distancing, restriction of visits, limited size gathering and others, the group had to suspend its csr projects temporarily until the pandemic tides over.
however, the group intends to continue supporting various community projects once it is able, to do our part to contribute to society and the environment.
sustainability report sgx-st content index primary component - a material environmental, social and governance factors - aa climate-related disclosures consistent with the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures - b policies, practices and performance - c targets - d sustainability reporting framework - e board statement and associated governance structure for sustainability practices reference/description materiality assessment - environmental - climate change mitigation and adaptation - governance: economic; environmental; social - governance: economic; environmental; social - about the report - reporting framework - board statement global reporting initiative content index global reporting initiative standard statement of use disclosure reference/description forise has reported the information cited in this global reporting initiative content index for the period 1 january 2022 and 31 december 2022 with reference to the global reporting initiative standards.
global reporting initiative 1 used general disclosure global reporting initiative 2: general disclosures 2021 global reporting initiative: , disclosure: , reference/description: global reporting initiative: 2-1, disclosure: organizational details, reference/description: board statement; about the report - reporting scope and period global reporting initiative: 2-2, disclosure: entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting, reference/description: about the report - reporting scope and period global reporting initiative: 2-3, disclosure: reporting period, frequency and contact point, reference/description: about the report - reporting scope and period, feedbacks global reporting initiative: 2-4, disclosure: restatements of information, reference/description: no restatement was made in fy2022.
global reporting initiative: 2-5, disclosure: external assurance, reference/description: about the report - independent assurance global reporting initiative: 2-6, disclosure: activities, value chain and other business relationships, reference/description: organisational profile global reporting initiative: 2-7, disclosure: governance structure and employees, reference/description: social - diversity and equal opportunity global reporting initiative: 2-9, disclosure: governance structure and composition, reference/description: board statement - our sustainability governance structure global reporting initiative: 2-12, disclosure: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, reference/description: board statement - our sustainability governance structure global reporting initiative: 2-13, disclosure: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, reference/description: board statement - our sustainability governance structure global reporting initiative: 2-14, disclosure: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, reference/description: board statement - our sustainability governance structure global reporting initiative 1: foundation 2021 notes: - this image includes regional breakdowns and contract employee data.
note: some areas are marked with red rectangles and names 221.png, 222.png in the original image.
these names and rectangles have been removed from this extracted markdown for clarity.
sustainability report global reporting initiative standard reference/description 2-22 board statement – our sustainability strategy 2-23 corporate governance – business ethics and compliance 2-27 corporate governance – business ethics and compliance 2-28 member of singapore business federation 2-29 stakeholder engagement global reporting initiative 3: material topics 2021 materiality assessment materiality assessment governance: economic; environmental; social material topics global reporting initiative 201: economic performance 2016 environmental – climate change mitigation and adaptation global reporting initiative 205: anti-corruption 2016 economic – anti-corruption and whistleblowing economic – anti-corruption and whistleblowing global reporting initiative 302: energy 2016 environmental – energy and emissions management global reporting initiative 305: emissions 2016 environmental – energy and emissions management environmental – energy and emissions management environmental – energy and emissions management global reporting initiative 308: supplier environmental assessment 2016 environmental – supplier environmental assessment environmental – supplier environmental assessment sustainability report global reporting initiative standard reference/description global reporting initiative 401: employment 2016 new employee hires and employee turnover benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees social – diversity and equal opportunity | social – fair employment | social – occupational health and safety global reporting initiative 403: occupational health and safety 2018 social – occupational health and safety global reporting initiative 404: training and education 2016 social – training and education global reporting initiative 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 social – diversity and equal opportunity global reporting initiative 406: non-discrimination 2016 social – fair employment global reporting initiative 413: local communities 2016 social – supporting local communities global reporting initiative 418: customer privacy 2016 social – customer privacy protection no content was generated for page 25.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.1 the board's conduct of affairs continued apart from its statutory requirements, the board performs the following principal functions: - a provides stewardship to the company, including charting its corporate strategies and business plans which should include appropriate focus on value creation, innovation and sustainability; - b supervises the management of the businesses and affairs of the group and provides guidance and advice to management; - c constructively challenges the management and reviews its performance; - d reviews and approves the group's strategic plans, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposals; - e identifies principal risks of the group's businesses, ensures that appropriate systems are in place to manage these risks and achieves an appropriate balance between risks and company performance; - f oversees the evaluation of the adequacy of internal controls, addresses risk management, financial reporting and compliance, and satisfies itself as to the sufficiency of such processes; - grams reviews the financial performance of the group; - h assumes responsibility for corporate governance practices; - i considers corporate social responsibility and sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation; - j instills an ethical corporate culture and ensures that the company's values, standards, policies and practices are consistent with the culture; and - k ensures transparency and accountability to key stakeholder groups.
board approval the board has also adopted internal guidelines and financial authority limits structures setting forth matters that require the board's decision or specific approval.
matters specifically reserved to the board for its approval are clearly communicated to management in writing, and include:- - a annual budget; - b corporate strategy and business plans; - c the appointment and remuneration packages of the directors and the management; - d the group's half-yearly and full-year financial results announcements; - e annual report and accounts for each financial year; corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.1 the board's conduct of affairs continued board approval continued f interested persons transactions of a material nature and matters involving a conflict of interest of a substantial shareholder or a director; grams material acquisitions and disposal of assets or mergers and acquisitions; h corporate or financial restructuring; i share issuances, interim dividends and other returns to shareholders; j acceptance of bank facilities; and k any material investments or expenditures not in the ordinary course of the group's businesses.
at law, directors are to act objectively in good faith and the best interests of the company, while exercising due care, skill and diligence, and avoid conflicts of interest in the discharge of the duties of their office.
while matters relating to the group’s strategies and policies require the board's direction and approval, the management is responsible for the day-to-day operations and administration of the group.
delegation by the board to further assist the board in the discharge of its oversight functions and to enhance the company's corporate governance framework, the following board committees have been established: the audit committee "ac", the nominating committee "nc" and the remuneration committee "rc" collectively, the "board committees".
these board committees are formed with and function within clearly defined terms of references and operating procedures, which are reviewed on a regular basis.
the delegation of authority by the board to the board committees enables the board to achieve operational efficiency by empowering these board committees to decide on matters within their respective terms of reference and/or limits of delegated authority and yet maintain control over major policies and decisions.
the effectiveness of each board committee is also constantly monitored by the board.
minutes of all board committee meetings will be circulated to the board so that the directors are aware of and kept updated as to the proceedings and matters discussed during such meetings.
the board acknowledges that while these various board committees have the authority to examine particular issues and report back to the board with their decisions and recommendations, the ultimate responsibility for all matters lies with the board.
details of other board committees are as set out below: 1.
nominating committee principle 4; 2.
remuneration committee principle 6; 3.
audit committee principle 10.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.1 the board's conduct of affairs continued the board meets at least on a half-yearly basis and convenes at other times as warranted by particular circumstances to discuss the group's key activities.
dates of the board and board committee meetings and the annual general meeting "agm" are normally set by the directors well in advance to assist directors in planning their attendance.
in between the scheduled meetings, the board may have ad-hoc board meetings and/or informal discussions on matters requiring urgent attention, which would then be formally confirmed and approved by the circulation of resolutions in writing.
key matters discussed at these meetings include financial performance, annual budget, corporate strategy, significant operational matters, and business opportunities and governance issues.
meetings of the board and board committees may be conducted by way of telephone or video conferencing, if necessary.
the company's constitution permits the directors of the company to attend meetings through the use of audio-visual communication equipment.
the number of meeting held by the board and board committees and the directors' attendance for fy2022 are summarized in the table below.
the company is pleased to note that its directors actively prepare for and participate in the board and board committee meetings, and that the directors with multiple board representations conscientiously dedicate sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the company.
board committees : , ac: , rc: , nc: , board: , agm: , egm: : no.
of meetings held in the year, ac: 3, rc: 1, nc: 1, board: 2, agm: 1, egm: 0 no.
of meetings attended board members: , attendance percentage: , ac: , rc: , nc: , board: , agm: , egm: board members: peng weile, attendance percentage: 75%, ac: 3, rc: 0, nc: 0, board: 2, agm: 1, egm: 0 board members: wan jinn woei1, attendance percentage: 100%, ac: 2, rc: n/a, nc: n/a, board: 1, agm: n/a, egm: 0 board members: peng fei2, attendance percentage: 100%, ac: 2, rc: 1, nc: 1, board: 2, agm: 1, egm: 0 board members: azman hisham bin ja'afar3, attendance percentage: 100%, ac: 3, rc: 1, nc: 1, board: 2, agm: 1, egm: 0 board members: siow chee keong, attendance percentage: 100%, ac: 3, rc: 1, nc: 1, board: 2, agm: 1, egm: 0 board members: lee ah too4, attendance percentage: 100%, ac: 1, rc: n/a, nc: n/a, board: n/a, agm: n/a, egm: 0 notes: 1 mr.
wan jinn woei was appointed to the board as an executive director on 1 august 2022 and attended all meetings of the company held thereafter.
2 mr.
peng fei ceased to be a non-executive director with effect from 9 september 2022.
he attended all meetings during his tenure of service in fy2022.
3 mr.
azman hisham bin ja'afar ceased to be an independent director with effect from 2 february 2023.
he attended all meetings of the company held thereafter.
4 mr.
lee ah too was appointed to the board as an independent director on 1 december 2022 and attended all meetings of the company held thereafter.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.1 the board's conduct of affairs continued 1.1.1 access to complete, adequate and timely information the management and executive directors provide the board with relevant and accurate information in a timely manner relating to matters to be brought before the board, prior to board meetings and on an on-going basis.
the management and detail so as to enable the board to be fully cognizant of the decisions and actions of the group, and highlights the salient issues as well as the risk management considerations for the industry the group is in.
the board is further apprised of any significant developments, receives training or briefings either in-house or externally by auditors, company secretary, management and/or other relevant professionals and during board or ad hoc sessions on business initiatives, industry developments and changes to laws, regulations and accounting standards.
all directors have unrestricted access to the records and information of the group.
the directors also have separate and independent access to management, company secretaries and the chairman of the respective board committees, whether as a group or individually, have the right to seek and obtain independent professional advice as and when necessary, at the expense of the company, in furtherance of their duties and responsibilities as directors.
company secretary under the direction of the chairman, the company secretary's responsibilities include, amongst other things, ensuring good information flow within the board and its board committees and providing updates and advice on governance matters.
the company secretary assists the board and the chairman of each board committee in the development of the agendas for the various board and board committee meetings.
he administers and attends all board and board committee meetings of the company and prepares minutes of meetings.
he is also responsible for, amongst other things, ensuring that board procedures are observed and that the relevant rules and regulations, including requirements of the companies act, securities and futures act and the listing rules of the sgx-st, are complied with.
the appointment and removal of the company secretary is a decision of the board as a whole.
director development/training a formal letter of appointment is furnished to every newly appointed director upon his/her appointment explaining, among other matters, the roles, obligations, duties and responsibilities as a member of the board.
the company also conducts a comprehensive induction programme for newly appointed directors which provides background information about the group's structure and core values, its strategic direction and corporate governance practices as well as industry-specific knowledge.
further, in order to provide the independent non-executive directors with a better understanding of the group's business and operations, familiarization visits to the group's offices will be organised by the company on a need-to-basis, where necessary.
the directors can also request for further briefings or information on any aspect of the group's business or operations from the management.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.1 the board’s conduct of affairs continued director development/training continued a new director appointed to the board who has no prior experience as a director of a listed company, in addition to the induction programme above, will be required to attend specific modules of the listed entity director “led” programme conducted by the singapore institute of directors “sid” in order to acquire the relevant knowledge of what is expected of a listed company director, which is a mandatory requirement under the listing rules of the sgx-st, unless the nc is of the view that such training is not required because the director has other relevant experience.
the training will cover the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed company, which includes relevant areas such as accounting, legal knowledge and compliance, and will integrate into their new roles, as required by sgx-st.
all directors have duly completed their sid and sustainability reporting training as at the date of this report, and the group's culture, to enable them to direction and policies, key business risks, governance practices and all directors are also briefed and provided with regular updates on pertinent business developments, as well as developments in areas such as corporate governance, commercial risks, changes to laws and regulations pertaining to the group’s business and operations, and changes in financial reporting standards, so as to enable them to properly discharge their duties as board members.
the group sponsors relevant courses and seminars for new and existing directors in issues beyond basic director’s duties and liabilities.
our directors, from time to time, attend appropriate courses, conferences and seminars.
the board encourages the directors to continually develop and refresh their professional knowledge and skills, and to keep themselves abreast of relevant developments in the group’s business and the regulatory and industry-specific environments in which the group operates.
1.2 board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
as at the date of this annual report, the board has four directors, comprising two executive directors and two independent non-executive directors.
as two out of four members of the board are independent directors, there is a strong independent element on the board and no individual or group of individuals dominate the board’s decision-making process.
the board recognises that this departs from the requirements of provisions 2.2 and 2.3 of the code, which stipulate that independent directors must make up a majority of the board where the chairman is not identified a suitable candidate to be appointed to the board as an independent non-executive director the "proposed new director", subject to the approval of shareholders at the upcoming agm.
shareholders may refer to pages 114 to 119 of this annual report for more information on the proposed new director as required by appendix 7.4.1 of the listing manual.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.2 board composition and guidance continued directors’ independence the independence of each director is reviewed annually by the nc in accordance with the code.
under the code, a director is considered independent if he is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the company, its related corporations, substantial shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total shareholding of the company or its officers that could interfere or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director’s independent business judgement in the best interests of the company.
the board considers the existence of relationships or circumstances, including those identified by the listing manual and the code’s practice guidance, that are relevant in its determination as to whether a director is independent.
such relationships or circumstances include, but are not limited to, a the employment of a director by the company or any of its related corporations during the current or any of the past three financial years; b a director being on the board for an aggregate period of more than nine years; c the acceptance of services from the company or any of its subsidiaries significant payments for board service; and d a director being a substantial shareholder, executive officer or director of any organisation which provided to or received during the current or previous financial year, other than compensation or material services during the current or immediate past financial year.
any director who has an interest or relationship which is likely to impact their independence or conflict with a subject under discussion by the board is required to immediately declare their interest or relationship to the board.
the directors complete an annual declaration of independence, whereby they are required to assess their independence having taken into account the above requirements, which they then put to the nc for review.
the two independent directors have confirmed their independence and that they do not have any interest in or any business or other relationship with the company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to, interfere with the exercise of their independent judgment with a view to the best interests of the group.
neither of them has been on the board for an aggregate period of more than nine years.
following its annual review, the board and the nc are of the view that mr siow chee keong and mr lee ah too have, at all times, discharged their duties with professionalisms and objectivity, and exercised strong independent judgment in the best interests of the company.
for the above reasons, the nc is of the view that the two independent directors are independent in accordance with the definition of independence in the code.
when the board requires new independent directors to be elected to the board, the nc will first identify and recommend candidates to the board, which then considers the views of the nc prior to determining whether the director is independent in conduct, character and judgement and whether there are relationships or circumstances which are likely to affect, or could appear to affect, the director’s judgement.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.2 board composition and guidance continued directors' independence continued as at the date of this annual report, the company does not currently have a chairman, and independent directors make up half the board.
under the code, provision 2.2 requires independent directors to make up a majority of the board where the chairman is not independent; further, the company is required under provision 3.3 to appoint a lead independent director to comply with the requirement where the chairman is conflicted.
while the company is actively seeking to appoint a new independent director to comply with provision 2.2, it is of the view that notwithstanding not having appointed any lead independent director, the intent of provision 3.3 is fulfilled by reason of the board having a chairman and half the board members comprising independent directors who discuss matters robustly and present a strongly independent judgment in the best interests of the company's stakeholders.
in this way, there is no person who can dominate the board's decision-making process, and objectivity on matters under deliberation is assured.
the independent directors also provide oversight on management's performance by constructively challenging and helping to develop proposals on strategy.
they regularly meet without the presence of management to review the effectiveness and performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives, after which feedback is provided to management.
nevertheless, the company is committed towards continuous development and improvement, and therefore remains open to the possibility of appointing a chairman and/or lead independent director in the future if it deems suitable or appropriate.
the company currently has no independent directors who have served on the board beyond nine years.
board diversity the company has a formal board diversity policy which endorses the principle that its board should have a balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to its business so as to mitigate against groupthink and to ensure that the group has the opportunity to benefit from all available talents.
in reviewing board composition, the nc considers the benefits of all aspects of diversity, including diversity of background, experience, gender, age and other relevant factors.
these differences will be considered in determining the optimum composition of the board and where possible should be balanced appropriately.
the current board composition reflects the company's commitment to board diversity.
every year, the nc conducts its review of the composition of the board, which comprises members of both genders and from different backgrounds whose core competencies, qualifications, skills and experiences, meet with the requirements of the group at the point in time.
each director has been appointed on the strength of his calibre, experience and stature and is expected to bring a valuable range of experience and expertise to contribute to the development of the group strategy and the performance of its business.
in addition, the board consist of directors with ages ranging from early 40s to late 60s, who has served on the board for different tenures.
the board members with their combined business, management and professional experience, knowledge and expertise, provide the core competencies to allow for diverse and objective perspectives on the group's business and direction.
corporate governance 1.
board matters continued 1.2 board composition and guidance continued board diversity continued the nc will continue to review the board diversity policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness, and will recommend the appropriate revisions to the board for consideration and approval.
it will also continue its identification and evaluation of suitable candidates to ensure there is diversity on the board.
key information regarding the directors in office as at the date of this report, including their principal commitments, are set out below and on pages 7 and 8 of this report: table: directors in other listed companies name of director: , date of initial appointment: , date of last re-election: , directorships in other listed companies current: , past 3 years: name of director: peng weile, date of initial appointment: 19 august 2015, date of last re-election: 27 april 2021, directorships in other listed companies current: healthbank holdings limited, past 3 years: nil name of director: wan jinn woei, date of initial appointment: 1 august 2022, date of last re-election: n/a, directorships in other listed companies current: n/a, past 3 years: n/a name of director: siow chee keong, date of initial appointment: 1 december 2021, date of last re-election: 27 april 2022, directorships in other listed companies current: compass venture inc.
ascent bridge limited poh huat resources holdings berhad, past 3 years: pico thailand public company limited 1.3 chairman and chief executive officer principle 3: there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
role of the chairman and chief executive officer the company currently does not have a chairman or chief executive officer "ceo".
the responsibilities of the group's business and executive decisions are undertaken by the two executive directors, mr.
peng weile and mr.
wan jinn woei, who carry out the overall management, strategic development, and day-to-day operations of the group's business.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.3 chairman and chief executive officer continued role of the chairman and chief executive officer continued the executive directors bear responsibility for ensuring that all directors and management work together with integrity and competency.
they are responsible for, amongst other things, ensuring that board meetings are held when necessary, facilitating sufficient quality, quantity and timeliness of information flow between the board and management, assisting in ensuring the group’s compliance with corporate governance regulations and maintaining regular dialogues with the management on all operational matters.
in particular, mr.
peng weile has, since his appointment to the board in august 2015, been responsible for the management of the group as well as for executing all strategic directions set by the board, and therefore has a keen understanding of the group's activities, strengths and capabilities.
as a member of the board and the senior management team, mr.
peng weile has always been actively involved with decision-making and the corporate plans, policies and executive decisions of the group since recently joining the company in august 2022, and is contributing towards the group's direction and growth in the regional market.
both executive directors are committed towards pursuing high standards of corporate governance and regularly interact with the board and management to ensure timely and adequate information flow.
as the company is managed objectively on a transparent basis, with all major decisions subject to a majority approval of the board and currently, half the board is made up of independent directors, there is no concentration of power in any one or a few select individuals on the board.
given the foregoing and taking into account the size, corporate structure, nature and scope of the group’s operations, amongst others, the nc and the board are of the view that notwithstanding the company not having a chairman or ceo, the process of decision-making by the board is based on collective decisions without any one individual or group having unfettered or concentrated powers of influence.
appointment of independent chairman and/or lead independent director provision 3.3 of the code provides that a lead independent director should be appointed to provide leadership in situations where the chairman is conflicted, and especially where the chairman is not independent.
as the group has not elected a chairman, the board size is small comprising four directors and half the board consists of independent directors, the board is of the view that the appointment of a lead independent director is not necessary at the moment.
further, the board and management have always responded to queries raised by shareholders in a timely manner and have been and will always remain accessible to shareholders.
the absence of a lead independent director has not impacted and is unlikely to impact the process of objective decision-making by the board, nor has it impacted and is unlikely to impact shareholders’ accessibility to information and responses to queries from the board.
nevertheless, the board will continue to periodically examine the need to appoint a lead independent director from.
if a lead independent director is appointed, the company will, in accordance with the code, ensure that he or she remains available to shareholders where they have concerns.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.4 board membership principle 4: the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
nc composition and role the nc establishes and reviews the profile required of board members, and makes recommendations to the board on the appointment, re-appointment and retirement of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board and each director's competencies, commitment, contribution, and performance.
to ensure that the governance and business needs of the company are adequately addressed, the nc takes factors such as attendance, preparedness, participation and candour into consideration when evaluating the past performance and contributions of a director when making its recommendations to the board.
as at the date of this annual report, the nc comprises two directors, both of whom including the nc chairman are independent, namely: - mr.
lee ah too - chairman - mr.
siow chee keong - member as mentioned above, the board has identified the proposed new director, the particulars of whom are set out in pages 114 to 123 of this annual report, as a suitable candidate to be appointed as a third member of the nc.
subject to his appointment being approved by shareholders at the upcoming agm, the nc will comprise of three directors, all of whom will be independent.
the nc functions under a set of written terms of reference which sets out its responsibilities as follows: - a to make recommendations to the board on the appointment of new executive and non-executive directors, including making recommendations on the composition of the board generally and the balance between executive and non-executive directors appointed to the board; - b to regularly review the board structure, size and composition and make recommendations to the board with regards to any adjustments that are deemed necessary; - c to determine the process for search, nomination, selection and appointment of new board members and be responsible for assessing nominees or candidates for appointment or election to the board, determining whether or not such nominee has the requisite qualifications and whether or not he/she is independent; - d to determine annually whether or not a director is independent, having regard to the provisions in the code; - e to ensure that all directors would be required to submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at regular intervals and at least once in every three 3 years, and to recommend directors who are retiring by rotation to be put forward for re-election; - f to assess whether or not a director is able to, and has been, adequately carrying out his duties as a director of the company, particularly when he has multiple board representations; corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.4 board membership continued nc composition and role continued grams to develop the process for evaluation of the performance of the board, the board committees and directors and conduct a formal assessment of the effectiveness of the board, board committees and contribution by each director; and h to review the training and professional development programs for the board.
process for selection of new directors there is a formal and transparent process for the appointment of new directors to the board.
the nc reviews and recommends all new board appointments and re-appointments.
in doing so, the nc ensures that directors appointed to the board possess the background, experience and knowledge in technology, business, legal, regulatory, finance and management skills critical to the company’s business and that each director contributes to the board.
in the nomination and selection process of a new director, the nc will also take into consideration the current board size and its composition – including the mix of expertise, skills and attributes of the directors – and determine if the candidate’s background, experience and knowledge will bolster the core competencies of the board.
the nc seeks potential candidates widely and beyond directors’ and/or management’s recommendations and is empowered to engage external parties, such as professional search firms and institutions, to undertake research on or assessment of candidates as it deems necessary.
where a vacancy arises under any circumstances, or where it is considered that the board could benefit from the services of a new director with particular skills, the nc, in consultation with the board, determines the selection criteria and selects candidates with the appropriate expertise and experience for the position.
the nc will evaluate the capabilities of the candidates in the area of academic and professional qualifications, knowledge and experience in relation to the business of the group.
the nc then meets with the shortlisted potential candidates with the appropriate profile to assess suitability and to ensure that the candidates are aware of the expectation and the level of commitment required, before nominating the most suitable candidate to the board for approval and appointment as director.
in accordance with the above process, the nc has identified the proposed new director, the particulars of whom are set out in pages 114 to 123 of this annual report, as the suitable candidate to the board for approval and appointment as an independent non-executive director.
the board has accepted the recommendations of the nc and accordingly the proposed new director will be seeking election at the forthcoming agm.
process for re-appointment of directors the nc is also responsible for reviewing the re-appointment of directors who retire by rotation, taking into consideration the director’s integrity, independence, mindfulness, contribution and performance such as attendance, participation, preparedness and candour and any other factors as may be determined by the nc.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.4 board membership continued process for re-appointment of directors continued under the company’s constitution, all directors, including executive directors, must submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at regular intervals of at least once every three 3 years.
regulation 107 of the company’s constitution provides that one-third of the board, or the number nearest to one-third is to retire by rotation at every agm.
in addition, regulation 117 of the company’s constitution also provides that new directors appointed during the year either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the board are required to submit themselves for re-election at the next agm of the company.
each director must abstain from voting on any resolutions in respect of his re-nomination and re-election.
the following directors are retiring at the forthcoming agm in accordance with regulation 117: a wan jin woei per regulation 117 b lee ah too per regulation 117 mr wan jin woei and mr lee ah too, being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election and the nc has recommended their re-election to the board.
in making their recommendations, the nc had considered the said directors’ qualification, experience, independence and/or overall contribution and performance as the case may be.
each of them has abstained from the nc’s recommendation and the board’s resolution pertaining to his re-election respectively.
the board has accepted the recommendations of the nc.
multiple directorships the nc has reviewed the contribution by each director, by considering whether each director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his duties as a director of the company, taking into account their listed company board representations and other principal commitments.
in addition, the nc will also take into consideration, amongst other things, a qualitative assessment of each director’s contributions as well as any other relevant time commitments.
the nc has considered and taken the view that it would not be meaningful to set a limit on the number of listed company directorships that a director may hold because directors have different capabilities, the nature of the organisations in which they hold appointments and the kind of committees on which they serve are of different complexities.
accordingly, each director would personally determine the demands of his competing directorships and obligations and assess the number of directorships they could hold and serve effectively.
in any case, the nc notes that none of the directors hold five or more listed company directorships.
notwithstanding the number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments which some of the directors are holding, the nc, having reviewed each director’s attendance, participation and contribution, is of the view that sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the company has been given by these directors and is satisfied that all directors have discharged their duties adequately for fy2022.
in addition, each director has confirmed that notwithstanding other listed company board representations and other principal commitments if any, he is able to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the group.
the nc and the board will continue to review from time to time the listed company board representations and other principal commitments of each director to ensure that the directors continue to meet the demands of the company and are able to discharge their duties adequately.
alternate directors there are no alternate directors appointed.
corporate governance report 1.
board matters continued 1.5 board performance principle 5: the board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.
the board, through the nc, has used its best effort to ensure that directors appointed to the board and the board committees, whether individually or collectively, possess the background, experience and the relevant skills set which are critical to the group’s business.
it has also ensured that the board brings to the board an independent and objective perspective to enable sound, balanced and well-considered decisions to be made.
the nc has established a formal review process to assess the performance and effectiveness of the board as a whole and each of the board committees, as well as the contribution by each individual director to the effectiveness of the board.
this is done annually.
the evaluation process is undertaken as an internal exercise and involves board members completing detailed evaluation forms covering areas relating to a number of factors, including the discharge of the board functions, access to information, participation at board meetings and communication and guidance given by the board to the management.
feedback on the key areas was also given as part of the evaluation process.
each director will assess the board's performance as a whole and provide their feedback to the nc.
each director will evaluate the performance of the board taking into account a set of objective performance criteria recommended by the nc which includes, amongst other things, board composition and size, shareholders’ access to information, board processes, board effectiveness, board standards of conduct and financial performance indicators.
the board is of the view that this set of performance criteria allows for appropriate comparison and addresses how the directors have enhanced long-term shareholders’ value.
a similar evaluation process is also conducted by each member of each board committee, who will evaluate the relevant board committee and provide feedback to the nc.
in reviewing the board’s effectiveness as a whole and the board committees, the nc will take into account the feedback from board and board committee members as well as the director’s individual skills and experience.
the annual evaluation process facilitates consideration by the board of its membership, including renewal considerations.
the results of the evaluation exercise will be considered by the nc, and a summary report will be compiled, with a view to implementing certain recommendations to further enhance the effectiveness of the board’s oversight of the group.
the contribution of each individual director to the effectiveness of the board and board committee is assessed individually and reviewed by the nc.
in assessing an individual director's performance, factors that are to be taken into consideration include attendance at board meetings and related activities, adequacy of preparing for board meetings, commitment of time to director’s duties, contributions in specialist areas, generation of constructive ideas, and maintenance of independence.
the nc will also consider other contributions by a director such as the director having provided objective perspectives on issues, facilitated business opportunities and strategic relationships, and/or the director's accessibility to the management outside of formal board and/or board committee meetings.
the performance of each director will be taken into account in re-election.
no content was generated for page 39.
corporate governance report 2.
remuneration matters continued 2.1 procedures for developing remuneration policies continued the rc is responsible for ensuring that a formal and transparent procedure is in place for policy development and for determining the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel “kmp”.
the rc reviews all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to, directors’ fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards, benefits in kind and any obligation on the part of the company in the event of termination of executive directors, or kmp’s contract of service, to ensure that such contracts contain fair and reasonable termination clauses.
in undertaking such review and recommendation, the rc aims to be fair and avoid rewarding poor performance.
on an annual basis, the rc reviews and recommends the specific remuneration packages of the executive directors and the kmps, including the annual increments and year-end variable bonuses, for approval by the board.
each rc member will abstain from voting on any resolution making any recommendations in respect of his remuneration package.
the rc has met to consider and review remuneration packages including those employees related to the executive directors and controlling shareholders of the company.
the rc has explicit authority within its terms of reference to seek appropriate expert advice in the field of executive compensation outside the company on remuneration matters where necessary.
there being no specific necessity, the rc did not require the services of an external remuneration consultant in fy2022.
2.2 level and mix of remuneration principle 7: the level and structure of remuneration of the board and kmp are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.
in order to maximise shareholders’ value and promote the long-term success of the group, the company seeks to attract, retain and motivate the management and employees by tailoring competitive remuneration packages.
the remuneration packages are designed to: - remunerate at level that mix recognises the performance, potential, and responsibilities of these individuals.
- in setting remuneration packages, the company takes into account, amongst other things, each individual’s scope of responsibilities, prevailing market conditions, the company’s risk policies and future plans, the time horizon of such risks and comparable industry benchmarks.
the company rewards the management and employees based on achievement of individual performance objectives using indicators such as competencies, key result areas, performance ratings and the group’s financial performance.
the board is of the view that performance-based remuneration will motivate the management and employees to achieve superior performance and promote the long-term growth of the group.
the independent directors of the company have not entered into service agreements except for the letter of appointment with the company.
they receive directors’ fees for serving on the board, which is in proportion to their level of contribution taking into account other factors such as effort, time spent and responsibilities, and subject to the approval of shareholders at each agm.
the rc recognises the need to pay competitive fees to attract, motivate and retain such independent directors, yet not over-compensate them to the extent that their independence may be compromised.
directors’ fees are recommended by the board for approval by the shareholders at the company’s agm.
corporate governance 2.
remuneration matters continued 2.2 level and mix of remuneration continued the executive directors have service contracts covering the terms of employment, salaries and other benefits.
the rc seeks to ensure that the level and mix of remuneration for executive directors are competitive and promote the group's long-term success.
the executive directors have an employment term of not more than three years and remuneration package consisting of fixed salary, bonus and performance bonus linked to corporate and individual performance.
the company's compensation framework comprises of fixed pay and short-term and long-term incentives.
the company subscribes to linking executive remuneration to corporate and individual performance, based on an annual appraisal of employees and using indicators such as core values, competencies, key result areas, performance rating, and potential of the employees.
long-term incentive schemes are put in place to motivate and reward employees and align their interests to maximise long-term shareholder value.
the rc has met to consider and review the remuneration packages of the directors and kmp, including those employees related to the executive directors and controlling shareholders of the company.
2.3 disclosure on remuneration principle 8: the company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.
to maintain the confidentiality of the remuneration policies of the company, the board is of the view that it is in the best interests of the company not to fully disclose the remuneration of each individual executive director, although it is aware of the requirement to do so in due course for financial years ending on or after 31 december 2024.
the rc reviews and recommends to the board the remuneration framework for directors as well as kmp, and approves the specific remuneration packages of each kmp taking into consideration the group's performance targets, the individual kmp's performance, market practices in compensation, and the group's existing businesses and business performance in fy2022, among others.
corporate governance report 2.
remuneration matters continued 2.3 disclosure on remuneration continued details of remuneration of directors the breakdown of remuneration paid to or accrued to each director for fy2022 is as follows: table: remuneration breakdown remuneration band and name of director: , director fees %^1: , salary %: , bonus %: , total %: , total s$ '000: remuneration band and name of director: below s$250,000, director fees %^1: , salary %: , bonus %: , total %: , total s$ '000: remuneration band and name of director: peng weile, director fees %^1: -, salary %: 100, bonus %: -, total %: 100, total s$ '000: remuneration band and name of director: wan jinn woei^2, director fees %^1: -, salary %: 100, bonus %: -, total %: 100, total s$ '000: remuneration band and name of director: peng fei^3, director fees %^1: 100, salary %: -, bonus %: -, total %: 100, total s$ '000: 21.9 remuneration band and name of director: azman hisham bin ja'afar^4, director fees %^1: 100, salary %: -, bonus %: -, total %: 100, total s$ '000: 34.3 remuneration band and name of director: siow chee keong, director fees %^1: 100, salary %: -, bonus %: -, total %: 100, total s$ '000: 33.0 remuneration band and name of director: lee ah too^5, director fees %^1: 100, salary %: -, bonus %: -, total %: 100, total s$ '000: 2.7 notes: 1 the directors’ fees were approved at the company’s agm held on 27 april 2022.
2 mr.
wan jinn woei is also a substantial shareholder of the company.
he was appointed to the board as an executive director on 1 august 2022.
3 mr.
peng fei ceased to be a non-executive director with effect from 9 september 2022.
4 mr.
azman hisham bin ja’afar ceased to be an independent director with effect from 2 february 2023.
5 mr.
lee ah too was appointed to the board as an independent director on 1 december 2022.
as disclosed in page 101 of the annual report, the executive directors’ remuneration amounted to s$287,000 in total.
details of remuneration of top kmp the company's staff remuneration policy is based on individual's rank and role, the individual’s performance, the group’s performance and industry benchmarking gathered from companies in comparable industries.
the breakdown of remuneration paid to or accrued to each kmp for fy2022 is as follows: table: key executives remuneration key executives: , salary %: , bonus %: , total %: key executives: above s$250,000 below s$300,000, salary %: , bonus %: , total %: key executives: dr.
shreeram subramanian iyer, salary %: 100, bonus %: -, total %: 100 key executives: below s$250,000, salary %: , bonus %: , total %: key executives: yap yoke peng, salary %: 100, bonus %: -, total %: 100 key executives: xin yue sheng, salary %: 100, bonus %: -, total %: 100 key executives: wu li wei, salary %: 100, bonus %: -, total %: 100 key executives: pranal gore, salary %: 100, bonus %: -, total %: 100 no content was generated for page 43.
corporate governance report 3.
accountability and audit continued 3.1 risk management and internal controls continued d oversees management in the design, implementation and monitoring of risk management and internal control systems including financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks, and ensures that the necessary corrective actions are taken on a timely basis; and e reviews annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management policies and systems, and key internal controls.
there are formal procedures in place for the independent auditor to report on the internal controls and risk management and to make recommendations to management and to the ac independently in this regard.
the board reviews the effectiveness of the group’s material internal controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and ensures that, in this respect, the ac reviews the audit plans, and the findings of the independent auditor and management.
the company follows up on the auditors’ recommendations on material risks.
while no cost effective internal control system can provide absolute assurance against loss or misstatement, the ac, with the participation of the board, has reviewed the adequacy of the group’s internal controls and systems to ensure that they are designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded; operational controls are in place; business risks are suitably managed; proper accounting records are maintained and the integrity of financial information used for business and publication are preserved.
the group has adopted the enterprise risk management “erm” framework pursuant to which it has established risk management policies and guidelines for adoption.
the erm framework is based on the framework proposed by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission “coso”, and is designed to enable management to address the operational, financial and compliance risks of key operating units in the group.
this is done by assessing its existing key systems, policies and processes to identify potential risk areas and to set out mitigating best practices.
the internal and independent auditors also assist in the risk management process by identifying certain areas of concern that are uncovered through financial/audit checks.
the key risks facing the group have been identified and appropriate measures are in place to mitigate such risks.
for fy2022, the board has received assurance from the financial controller and the executive director company and the group’s state of affairs, operations and finances, and that the company and the group’s risk management and internal control system were adequate and effective.
the board has also received assurance from the financial controller, executive director that the company and the group have put in place and will continue to maintain an effective, adequate, reliable and sound system of risk management, internal controls addressing financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks and corporate governance that will withstand the scrutiny of any audit and review by a reputable firm of reporting accountants and auditors.
corporate governance report 3.
accountability and audit continued 3.1 risk management and internal controls continued based on the internal controls and risk management systems established and maintained by the group including the erm, work performed by the internal and independent auditors, and reviews performed by management, various board committees and the board, in accordance with rule 120710 and rule 7191 of the listing manual, the operational, compliance and information technology controls and risk management controls including financial, with the concurrence of the ac, is of the opinion that the group’s internal system, were adequate and effective for fy2022.
the system of internal controls and risk management established by the group provides reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the group will not be adversely affected by any event that can be reasonably foreseen as it strives to achieve its business objectives.
the board also notes that no system of internal controls and risk management can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgment in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.
3.2 audit committee principle 10: the board has an audit committee which discharges its duties objectively.
the ac comprises two directors, both of whom are independent non-executive directors, namely: - mr.
siow chee keong: chairman mr.
lee ah too: member as mentioned above, the board has identified the proposed new director, the particulars of whom are set out in pages 114 to 123 of this annual report, as a suitable candidate to be appointed as a third member of the ac.
subject to his appointment being approved by shareholders at the upcoming agm, the ac will comprise of three directors, all of whom will be independent.
none of the ac members were former partners or directors of the company’s independent auditor within the last two years or hold any financial interest in the independent auditor.
the members of the ac, including the ac chairman have recent and relevant experience or expertise in accounting and financial management, and the board is of the view that the members of the ac are qualified to discharge the ac's responsibilities.
the ac assists the board in discharging its responsibility to safeguard assets, maintain adequate accounting records, and develop and maintain effective system of internal controls, with the overall objective of ensuring that management creates and maintains an effective control environment in the company.
the ac provides a channel of communication between the board of directors, the management and the independent auditors of the company on matters relating to audit.
the ac holds at least two meetings in each financial year.
the ac functions under a set of written terms of reference which sets out its responsibilities as follows: - a to review the scope and results of the audit and its cost effectiveness; corporate governance report 3.
accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued b to review significant financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure integrity of the financial statements of the company and any formal announcements relating to the company’s financial performance; c to review the half-yearly and full year financial results before submission to the board for approval; d to review the assistance and co-operation given by management and the officers of the group to the auditors; e to review the internal audit programme and ensure co-ordination between the internal auditors and independent auditors and management; f to review the scope and results of the internal audit procedures and the internal auditors’ report; grams to discuss problems and concerns, if any, arising from audits, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss in the absence of management, where necessary; h to review and approve interested person transaction if any falling within the scope of chapter 9 of the listing manual, and to ensure that they are carried out on normal commercial terms and in accordance with the internal control procedures; i to review potential conflicts of interests, if any; j to review the independence and objectivity of the independent auditors annually; k to undertake such other reviews and projects as may be requested by the board and report to the board its findings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of ac; l to undertake such other functions and duties as may be required by statute or the listing manual, and by such amendments made thereto from time to time; meter to make recommendations to the board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the independent auditors, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the independent auditors; and n to review the adequacy of the company’s internal financial controls, operational and compliance controls, and risk management policies and systems established by the management.
the ac has the power to conduct or to authorise investigations into any matters within the ac’s scope of responsibility.
the ac will also commission and review the findings of internal investigations into matters where there has been a whistle-blowing report made, where there is any suspected infringement of any law, rule or regulation which has or is likely to have a material impact on the group’s operating results or financial position.
the ac is authorised to obtain independent professional advice if it deems necessary in the discharge of its responsibilities.
such expenses are to be borne by the group.
each member of the ac will abstain from any deliberations and/or voting in respect of matters in which he is interested.
corporate governance 3.
accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued the ac is given full access to and has the full co-operation of the management, full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings, and reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions.
it meets with both the internal and independent auditors, without the presence of management, at least once a year.
for the year reported on, the ac reviewed and approved the scope of the audit plans of the independent auditors.
in its recommendation to the board to approve the full year financial statements, the ac reviewed the results of the audit, significant findings or areas of emphasis and audit recommendations.
the ac also discussed with management the various accounting principles that were applied and the bases of the assumptions and methodologies used by management in relation to matters of significant impact.
in particular, key audit matters identified by the independent auditors were discussed with management and reviewed by the ac.
the ac also met with the internal and independent auditors without the presence of management to obtain assurance about, and to discuss the financial reporting process and the group’s financial condition.
the ac is kept abreast of changes to accounting standards and issues which may have an impact on the financial statements.
the ac also meets regularly with management to receive an update of changes in financial reporting standards and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements.
internal audit function the board recognises the importance of maintaining an internal audit function to provide an independent assurance over the soundness of the system of internal controls within the group to safeguard shareholders’ investments and the company’s assets.
the ac evaluates the internal auditor and recommends the hiring, removal and/or replacement of the internal auditor to the board for the board’s approval if deemed fit.
the internal auditor reviews the effectiveness of key internal controls, including financial, operational, information technology, risk management and compliance controls for selected scope of review annually, as approved by the ac.
procedures are in place for the internal auditor to report independently on their findings and recommendations to the ac for review.
the internal audit function has unfettered access to all the company’s records, documents, properties and personnel, including the ac, and has appropriate standing within the company.
the primary functions of the internal audit function are to help: - a assess if adequate systems of internal controls are in place to protect the assets of the group and to ascertain whether internal control procedures are complied with; - b assess if operations of the business processes under review are conducted efficiently and effectively; and - c identify and recommend improvement to internal control procedures, where required.
corporate governance report 3.
accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued internal audit function continued the primary reporting line of the internal audit function is to the ac.
the ac has the responsibility to review the adequacy of the internal audit function annually, review the internal audit program and ensure co-ordination between the internal auditors, independent auditors and management.
the ac ensures that the internal auditors meet or exceed the standards set by nationally or internationally recognised professional bodies, and also decides on the appointment, termination and remuneration of the head of the internal audit function.
the ac is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent, effective and adequately resourced to perform its function effectively, and that it has the appropriate standing within the industry.
the company has engaged crowe llp "crowe", an established auditing firm specialising in audit, tax and accounting to facilitate the provision of risk advisory, internal audit outsourcing and other consulting and advisory services, as the internal auditors.
the outsourced internal audit team is headed by mr.
chia shu siang "mr.
chia" and mr.
tan su long "mr.
tan".
mr.
chia is a member non-practicing of the institute of chartered accountants, and holds the position of director in crowe.
he possesses more than 20 years of experience in providing financial assurance and risk consulting services to companies ranging from multinationals, public listed companies and government corporations.
mr.
tan is a member of the association of chartered certified accountants, singapore, and holds the position of senior manager in crowe.
he possesses more than 10 years of experience in providing forensic and risk advisory services.
during the year, the internal auditor adopted a risk-based audit approach that focused on material internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls.
all internal audit reports are submitted to the ac for deliberation with copies of these reports extended to all directors and the relevant kmp.
the ac has reviewed the company’s internal control assessment and based on the internal auditors’ and independent auditors’ reports and the internal controls in place, it is satisfied that the outsourced internal audit function is independent, effective and adequately staffed by suitably qualified and experienced professionals.
independent auditors the company confirms that the appointment of the independent auditors, cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation "cla", an accounting firm registered with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority, is in accordance with rules 712 and 715 of the listing manual, having regard to the adequacy of the resources and experience of cla, the audit engagement partner assigned to the group, cla's other audit engagements, the size and complexity of the group, and the number and experience of the staff assigned to the audit.
corporate governance report 3.
accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued independent auditors continued cla prepares an audit plan for the group on an annual basis and presents such audit plan to the ac for its review and concurrence.
the ac had reviewed the plan and noted that no non-audit services were provided by cla to the group for fy2022.
accordingly, the ac confirms that pursuant to rule 12076b of the listing manual, having undertaken a review of all non-audit services provided by cla, it is of the opinion that cla's independence remains unaffected.
therefore, the ac had recommended the re-appointment of cla as independent auditors at the forthcoming agm.
the ac is satisfied that cla and the audit engagement team assigned to the audit have adequate resources and experience to meet its obligations.
the fees paid/payable to cla, the independent auditors, for fy2022 was approximately s$74,000 for audit fees, and nil for non-audit fees.
whistle-blowing policy to encourage proper work ethic and deter any wrongdoing within the group, the group has established a whistle-blowing policy, as approved by the ac and adopted by the board, for the purpose of providing a channel for the group’s employees and external parties to raise concerns in good faith and in confidence about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters such as possible corruption, suspected fraud and other non-compliance issues.
the group is committed to a high standard of ethical conduct and adopts a zero-tolerance approach to fraud.
the group will treat all information received confidentially and protect the identity and the interests of all whistle-blowers.
the group is openly committed to the protection of the whistle-blower against any reprisal, detriment or unfair treatment.
anonymous disclosures will be accepted and anonymity honoured as the group remains committed to ensure protection of whistle-blowers against detrimental or unfair treatment.
the persons who are designated to investigate, oversee and monitor whistle-blowing reports made in good faith are an independent function.
the whistle-blowing policy and procedures are reviewed by the ac from time to time to ensure that they remain relevant.
the whistle-blowing policy sets out the procedures for the whistle-blower to report on any incidents of misconduct or wrongdoing relating to the group and its officers.
the ac is responsible for oversight and monitoring of whistle-blowing, and will review the issues and/or concerns raised and ensure that necessary arrangements are in place for the independent investigation of issues and/or concerns raised by the employees and external parties and for appropriate follow-up actions.
should the ac receive reports relating to serious offences and/or criminal activities in the group, the ac and the board have access to the appropriate external advice where necessary.
where appropriate or required, a report shall be made to the relevant government authorities for further investigation or action.
there were no reported incidents pertaining to whistle-blowing during fy2022.
corporate governance report 4.
shareholders rights and engagement 4.1 shareholder rights and conduct of general meetings principle 11: the company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholder rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company.
the company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.
the board is accountable to shareholders and aims to provide the shareholders with a balanced and understandable assessment of the group’s performance, position and prospects by furnishing timely information and ensuring full disclosure of material information to shareholders in compliance with statutory requirements and the listing manual.
the management is responsible to the board and the board itself is accountable to the shareholders for the group’s performance and position and ensuring compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements.
the board has also taken steps to ensure compliance with performance and position on a regular basis.
in line with continuous disclosure obligations of the company, pursuant to the listing manual and the companies act 1967 of singapore, the board’s policy is that shareholders are informed of all major developments that impact the group regularly and on a timely basis.
the company believes in timely, fair and adequate disclosure of relevant information to shareholders and investors so that they will be apprised of the developments that may have a material impact on the price or value of company’s securities.
the company does not practice selective disclosure.
price sensitive information will be publicly released either to analysts or simultaneously with such meetings.
financial results and annual reports will also be announced or issued within legally or regulatory prescribed periods.
a general meeting of the company is a principal forum for dialogue and interaction with all shareholders, being an opportunity for shareholders to raise issues pertaining to the resolutions tabled for approval and/or ask the directors or the management questions regarding the company and its operations.
the board encourages shareholders to attend the company’s general meetings to ensure a greater level of shareholder participation and to meet with the board and key management staff so as to stay informed on the group’s developments.
at general meetings, each distinct issue is proposed as a separate resolution.
each item of special business included in the notice of meetings will be accompanied, where appropriate, by the relevant explanatory notes for the proposed resolution.
this is to enable the shareholders to understand the nature and effect of the proposed resolutions.
if any resolutions have to be inter-conditional, the company will explain the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting.
general meeting procedures allow shareholders to raise questions relating to each resolution tabled for approval, and to participate, engage and openly communicate with the board and board committees their views on matters relating to the company.
the board supports and encourages active shareholder participation at shareholders’ meetings.
all shareholders of the company receive annual reports and are informed of shareholders’ meetings through notices published in the newspapers and reports or circulars sent to shareholders.
shareholders are invited at such meetings to put forth any questions they may have on the motions to be debated and decided upon.
no content was generated for page 51.
corporate governance report 4.
shareholders rights and engagement continued 4.2 engagement with shareholders continued b material information are disclosed in a comprehensive, accurate and timely manner via sgxnet and the press, and c the company’s annual and extraordinary general meetings.
the company does not practise selective disclosure and price-sensitive information is publicly released on an immediate basis where required under the listing manual.
however, in the event that unpublished material information is inadvertently disclosed to any selected person in the course of the group’s interactions with the investing community, a media release or announcement will be released to the public via sgxnet to disclose and/or address such material information.
the company does not have a fixed dividend policy.
the payment of dividend is deliberated by the board annually having regard to various factors, including the company's earnings, general financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, cash flow, expected future earnings, capital expenditure and investment plans, the terms of borrowing arrangements if any, general business condition, development plans and other factors as the directors may deem appropriate.
there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in the future or of the amount or timing of any dividends that will be paid in the future.
where dividends are not paid, the company expressly discloses the reasons together with the announcement of the financial statements.
further, if investors have any questions from time to time, they are always welcome to send their queries to the address provided on the corporate website – contact@foriseinternational.com.
5.
managing stakeholder relationships 5.1 engagement with stakeholders principle 13: the board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.
the company takes a pragmatic approach towards the needs and interests of key stakeholders, taking into consideration the best interests of the company and to support its long-term strategy.
the company engages its stakeholders through various channels to ensure that the business interests of the group are balanced, when compared to the needs and interests of its stakeholders.
stakeholders of the company include but are not limited to its customers, employees, suppliers, investors, shareholders, and regulators.
the company has regularly engaged its stakeholders through various channels to ensure that the business interests of the company are aligned with those stakeholders.
pertinent information is regularly conveyed to the shareholders through sgxnet.
the corporate website www.foriseinternational.com is maintained to communicate and engage with stakeholders.
the website is updated regularly, and contains various information on the group and the company, which serves as an important resource for investors and all stakeholders.
stakeholders may also send their queries to the address provided on the corporate website – contact@foriseinternational.com.
the group's strategy and key areas of focus in managing stakeholder relationships can be found in the sustainability report.
corporate governance additional information 6.
material contracts save for the service agreements between the company and the executive directors and disclosures in paragraph 8 entitled “interested party transactions”, there were no material contracts entered into by the company or its subsidiaries involving the interests of the directors or controlling shareholders, which are either still subsisting at the end of fy2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of fy2022.
7.
dealings in securities the company has adopted a policy on dealings in securities in accordance with rule 120719 of the listing manual, which prohibits dealings in the company’s securities by directors, kmp and employees of the group and their connected persons from dealing in the company's shares within a certain trading periods, being the period beginning one month before the date of the announcement of the half-year and full year results and ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant results.
the company is not required to, and does not announce quarterly financial statements.
in addition, the officers of the company are reminded i not to deal with the company's securities on short-term considerations or if they are in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive information; and ii that they are required to report on their dealings in shares of the company.
the directors, kmp and employees are also advised to observe the insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within the permitted trading periods.
the company confirms that it and its officers have not dealt in the company's securities during the blackout periods as stipulated above.
8.
interested person transactions the group has established procedures to ensure that all transactions with interested persons are reported in a timely manner to the ac and that transactions are conducted on an arm’s length basis that are not prejudicial to the interests of the shareholders.
when a potential conflict of interest occurs, the director concerned will be excluded from discussions and refrain from exercising any influence over other members of the board.
during the financial period under review, the group did not have a shareholders’ mandate pursuant to rule 920 of the listing manual.
there were no interested person transactions for the year ended 31 december 2022.
sustainability report we are committed to building a sustainable future for the group and delivering long-term value and sustainable returns to all our stakeholders.
our stakeholders comprise shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and service providers, regulatory authorities, bankers and the community.
while we continue to gear up for better profitability prospects and long-term growth, we continuously seek better avenues to integrate our sustainability efforts into the core of our daily operations.
we believe this will create lasting value for all our stakeholders.
our sustainability report is prepared in compliance with the requirements of listing rules 711a and 711b, and references the global reporting initiative global reporting initiative standards, core option, and can be found on page 10 to 23 of this annual report.
the report highlights the key economic, environmental, social and governance related initiatives carried out throughout the 12-month period, from 1 january to 31 december 2022.
we welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us to improve our policies, systems and results.
financial contents - directors' statement 55 - independent auditor's report 57 - consolidated statement of comprehensive income 62 - balance sheets 64 - consolidated statement of changes in equity 65 - consolidated statement of cash flows 66 - notes to the financial statements 67 no content was generated for page 56.
no content was generated for page 57.
independent auditor’s report to the members of forise international limited report on the audit of the financial statements opinion we have audited the accompanying financial statements of forise international limited the "company" and its subsidiary corporations the "group", which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 december 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated statement of cash flows of the group for the financial year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
in our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the group and the balance sheet of the company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the companies act 1967 in singapore the "act" and singapore financial reporting standards international "sfrsi", so as to give a true and fair view of the group's financial position as at 31 december 2022, of its financial performance for the financial year then ended, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the group for the financial year ended on that date.
basis for opinion we conducted our audit in accordance with singapore standards on auditing "ssas".
our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority "acra".
code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and the acra code, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
key audit matters key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022.
these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
area of focus revenue recognition for the financial year ended 31 december 2022, the group's revenue amounted to sgd316,000.
revenue is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered.
we focused on this area because revenue recognition has been identified as a significant risk in accordance with ssa 315 identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement and because of judgments used in sfrsi 15 - revenue from contracts with customers.
the revenue recognition is dependent on the terms and conditions of the contracts which requires management's judgement to identify the point of revenue recognition which would have a significant impact on the results of the group.
hence, we considered this as a key audit matter in our audit.
the accounting policy of the revenue recognition is disclosed on note 2.2 to the financial statements.
independent auditor’s report report on the audit of the financial statements continued key audit matters continued revenue recognition continued how our audit addressed the area of focus in obtaining sufficient audit evidence, we: - understood and evaluated the key controls over the sales cycles; - reviewed all significant contracts identified during the financial year and identified the performance obligations in the contracts; - determined the transaction price and where there are modifications to existing contracts that led to adjustment to revenue, reviewed any material changes to the transaction price; - evaluated management’s assessment of the application of sffrsi 15 and considered the appropriateness of the group’s revenue recognition accounting policies, including those related to accounting for variable consideration and contract modifications, vis-à-vis the requirements under sffrsi 15; and - performed substantive audit procedures, including sales cut-off procedures as at the financial year end to ascertain revenue is recognised appropriately in the correct financial year.
assessment of expected credit losses “ecl” on trade receivables area of focus as at 31 december 2022, the group had recorded trade receivables, net of ecl, amounting to sgd67,000, which represented 4% of the group’s total assets.
the group had recognised an ecl allowance on its trade receivables amounting to sgd1,044,000, which contributed 44% to the group’s loss before tax during the financial year ended 31 december 2022.
the basis of the ecl allowance for the trade receivables represents the management’s best estimates at the balance sheet date of ecl under sffrsi 9 financial instruments expected credit losses models.
management has assessed whether the credit risks of the trade receivables have increased significantly since their initial recognition, adopting the simplified approach for trade receivables to calculate their ecl.
management also assessed loss allowance using debtor specific assessment for credit impaired debtors.
the group considers historical and estimates of the amount and timing of the collectability of respective customers.
the management has separately identified a group of specific receivables which is either with repayment plan with the group or those which the group do not expect to receive future cash flows.
as the ecl assessment on trade receivables required significant management judgement and in consideration of the significance of trade receivables to the group, we determined this area to be a key audit matter.
the accounting policy of impairment of financial assets is disclosed on note 2.8b to the financial statements.
no content was generated for page 60.
no content was generated for page 61.
no content was generated for page 62.
consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 : , note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : revenue, note: 4, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 316, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 1,686 : other income, note: 5, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 20, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 10 : expenses, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : - auditor's remuneration, note: 14, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 79, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 69 : - consultancy charges, note: 20b, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 58 : - depreciation of plant and equipment, note: 6, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 92, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 109 : - directors' fee, note: 19biii, 19biv, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,079, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 978 : - employee compensation, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : - expected credit loss allowance on financial assets, note: 19biii, 19biv, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,102, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : - professional fees, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 175, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 251 : - rental on short-term leases, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 47, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 39 : - currency exchange losses/gains - net, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 104, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 68 : - other operating expenses, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 39, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 66 : total expenses, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2,717, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 1,502 : loss/profit before tax, note: 7, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2,381, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 194 : tax expense, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 71 : loss/profit after tax, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2,382, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 123 amount less than sgd1,000.
the accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 other comprehensive income/loss: items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: - gain/loss currency exchange difference arising from consolidation - gain/loss currency exchange difference arising from consolidation other comprehensive income/loss, net of tax total comprehensive loss/income loss/profit attributable to: - equity holders of the company - non-controlling interests total comprehensive loss/income attributable to: - equity holders of the company - non-controlling interests losses per share attributable to equity holders of the company singapore dollar singapore cents per share - basic and diluted losses per share note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: note: 86, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 17, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 8 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 103, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 21 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2,279, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 102 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,625, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 18 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 757, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 141 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2,382, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 123 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,539, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 47 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 740, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 149 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2,279, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 102 note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 3.81, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 0.04 the accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
balance sheets as at 31 december 2022 table: balance sheets : , note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : assets, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : current assets, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : cash and cash equivalents, note: 9, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,424, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 2,266, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,014, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 1,744 : trade and other receivables, note: 10, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 97, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 1,559, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 101, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 882 : other current assets, note: 11, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 27, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 55, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 25, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 19 : total current assets, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,548, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 3,880, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,140, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 2,645 : non-current assets, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : investments in subsidiary corporations, note: 13, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: -, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 32, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : plant and equipment, note: 14, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2, 2021 singapore dollar'000: -, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : total non-current assets, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 2, 2021 singapore dollar'000: -, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 32, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : total assets, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,550, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 3,880, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,172, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 2,645 : liabilities, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : current liabilities, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : trade and other payables, note: 15, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 399, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 293, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 121, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 122 : tax payable, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 156, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : total current liabilities, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 399, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 449, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 121, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 122 : net assets, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : equity, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : capital and reserves attributable to equity holders of the company, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : share capital, note: 16, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 33,347, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 33,347, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 33,347, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 33,347 : accumulated losses, note: 17, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 31,833, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 30,208, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 32,296, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 30,824 : currency translation reserve, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 120, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 206, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : total equity, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,394, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 2,933, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,051, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 2,523 : non-controlling interests, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 243, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 498, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : total equity, note: , 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,151, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 3,431, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 1,051, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 2,523 amount less than sgd1,000.
the accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
consolidated statement of changes in equity for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 ← attributable to equity holders of the company → note: , share capital singapore dollar'000: , accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: , currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: , total equity singapore dollar'000: , non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: , total equity singapore dollar'000: note: 2022, share capital singapore dollar'000: , accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: , currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: , total equity singapore dollar'000: , non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: , total equity singapore dollar'000: note: at 1 january 2022, share capital singapore dollar'000: 33,347, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 30,208, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 206, total equity singapore dollar'000: 2,933, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 498, total equity singapore dollar'000: 3,431 note: loss for the year, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 1,625, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: -, total equity singapore dollar'000: 1,625, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 757, total equity singapore dollar'000: 2,382 note: other comprehensive income for the year, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: -, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 86, total equity singapore dollar'000: 86, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 17, total equity singapore dollar'000: 103 note: total comprehensive loss/income for the year, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 1,625, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 86, total equity singapore dollar'000: 1,539, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 740, total equity singapore dollar'000: 2,279 note: incorporation of a subsidiary corporation, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: -, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: -, total equity singapore dollar'000: -, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 49, total equity singapore dollar'000: 49 note: disposal of controlling interest in a subsidiary corporation, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: -, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: -, total equity singapore dollar'000: -, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 50, total equity singapore dollar'000: 50 note: at 31 december 2022, share capital singapore dollar'000: 33,347, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 31,833, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 120, total equity singapore dollar'000: 1,394, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 243, total equity singapore dollar'000: 1,151 note: 2021, share capital singapore dollar'000: , accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: , currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: , total equity singapore dollar'000: , non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: , total equity singapore dollar'000: note: at 1 january 2021, share capital singapore dollar'000: 33,347, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 26,246, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 4,121, total equity singapore dollar'000: 2,980, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 349, total equity singapore dollar'000: 3,329 note: effect of change of functional currency, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 3,944, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 3,944, total equity singapore dollar'000: -, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: -, total equity singapore dollar'000: - note: loss/income for the year, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 18, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 18, total equity singapore dollar'000: -, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 141, total equity singapore dollar'000: 123 note: other comprehensive loss/income for the year, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: -, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 29, total equity singapore dollar'000: 29, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 8, total equity singapore dollar'000: 21 note: total comprehensive loss/income for the year, share capital singapore dollar'000: -, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 18, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 29, total equity singapore dollar'000: 47, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 149, total equity singapore dollar'000: 102 note: at 31 december 2021, share capital singapore dollar'000: 33,347, accumulated losses singapore dollar'000: 30,208, currency translation reserve singapore dollar'000: 206, total equity singapore dollar'000: 2,933, non-controlling interests singapore dollar'000: 498, total equity singapore dollar'000: 3,431 the accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
consolidated statement of cash flows for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 cash flows from operating activities loss/profit before tax adjustments for: - depreciation of plant and equipment - expected credit loss allowance on financial assets - interest income - unrealized currency translation loss/gain, net change in working capital - trade and other receivables - other current assets - trade and other payables cash used in/generated from operating activities - interest received - income tax paid net cash used in/generated from operating activities cash flows from investing activities - purchase of plant and equipment - disposal of subsidiary corporation, net of cash disposed - net cash used in investing activities net decrease/increase in cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents - beginning of financial year - end of financial year amount less than sgd1,000.
table: consolidated statement of cash flows : , 2022: , 2021: : note, 2022: singapore dollar'000, 2021: singapore dollar'000 : loss/profit before tax, 2022: 2,381, 2021: 194 : adjustments for:, 2022: , 2021: : - depreciation of plant and equipment, 2022: 14, 2021: - : - expected credit loss allowance on financial assets, 2022: 1,102, 2021: - : - interest income, 2022: 19biii, 19biv, 2021: - : - unrealized currency translation loss/gain, net, 2022: 5, 2021: 6 : , 2022: 6, 2021: 19 : , 2022: 153, 2021: - : , 2022: 1,132, 2021: 169 : change in working capital:, 2022: , 2021: : - trade and other receivables, 2022: 196, 2021: 1,242 : - other current assets, 2022: 28, 2021: 39 : - trade and other payables, 2022: 218, 2021: 5 : , 2022: 690, 2021: 1,367 : , 2022: 6, 2021: 6 : , 2022: 157, 2021: - : , 2022: 841, 2021: 1,373 : purchase of plant and equipment, 2022: 9, 2021: - : disposal of subsidiary corporation, net of cash disposed, 2022: 2, 2021: - : , 2022: 1, 2021: - : , 2022: 1, 2021: - : , 2022: 842, 2021: 1,373 : , 2022: 2,266, 2021: 893 : , 2022: 1,424, 2021: 2,266 the accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
no content was generated for page 68.
no content was generated for page 69.
no content was generated for page 70.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 2.
summary of significant accounting policies continued 2.4 group accounting continued a subsidiary corporations continued ii acquisition continued the excess of a the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the b fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
iii disposals when a change in the group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary corporation results in a loss of control over the subsidiary corporation, the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary corporation including any goodwill are derecognised.
amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are also reclassified to profit or loss or transferred directly to retained earnings if required by a specific sfrsi.
any retained equity interest in the entity is measured at fair value.
the differences between the carrying amount of the retained interest at the date when control is lost and its fair value is recognised in profit or loss.
please refer to paragraph “investments in subsidiary corporations” for the accounting policy on investments in subsidiary corporations in the separate financial statements of the company.
b transactions with non-controlling interests changes in the group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary corporation that do not result in a loss of control over the subsidiary corporation are accounted for as transactions with equity holders of the company.
any differences between the change in the carrying amounts of the non-controlling interests and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised within equity attributable to the equity holders of the company.
c associated companies associated companies are entities over which the group has significant influence, but not control, generally accompanied by a shareholding giving rise to voting rights of 20% and above.
investments in associated companies are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting less impairment losses, if any.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 2 summary of significant accounting policies continued 2.4 group accounting continued c associated companies continued i acquisitions investments in associated companies are initially recognised at cost.
the cost of an acquisition is measured at the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments issued and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of exchange, plus cost directly attributable to the acquisition.
goodwill on associated companies represents the excess of the cost of acquisition of the associated company over the group’s share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the associated company and is included in the carrying amount of the investments.
ii equity method of accounting under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in profit or loss and its associates’ post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss and its associates’ post-acquisition profits or losses.
when the group’s share of losses in an associates equals to or exceeds its interest in the associates, the group does not recognise further losses, unless it has legal or constructive obligations to make, or has made, payments on behalf of the associates.
if the associates subsequently report profits, the group resumes recognising its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.
interest in an associates includes any long-term loans for which settlement is never planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future.
unrealized gains on transactions between the group and its associated companies are eliminated to the extent of the group’s interest in the associated companies.
unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transactions provide evidence of impairment of the assets transferred.
the accounting policies of associated companies are changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the accounting policies adopted by the group.
iii disposals investments in associated companies are derecognised when the group loses significant influence or joint control.
if the retained equity interest in the former associated company is a financial asset, the retained equity interest is remeasured at fair value.
the difference between the carrying amount of the retained interest at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost, and its fair value and any proceeds on partial disposal, is recognised in profit or loss.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 2.
summary of significant accounting policies continued 2.5 plant and equipment a measurement plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost and subsequently carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
the cost of an item of plant and equipment initially recognised includes its purchase price and any cost that is directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
b depreciation depreciation of plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amounts over their estimated useful lives as follows: : , useful lives: : furniture and fitting and office equipment, useful lives: 3-5 years the residual values, estimated useful lives and depreciation method of plant and equipment are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate, at each balance sheet date.
the effects of any revision are recognised in profit or loss when the changes arise.
fully depreciated plant and equipment are retained in the financial statements until they are no longer in use.
c subsequent expenditure subsequent expenditure relating to plant and equipment that has already been recognised is added to the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
all other repair and maintenance expenses are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.
d disposal on disposal of an item of plant and equipment, the differences between the net disposal proceeds and its carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss within “other income”.
2.6 investments in subsidiary corporations investments in subsidiary corporations are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses in the company’s balance sheet.
on disposal of such investments, the differences between disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts of the investments are recognised in profit or loss.
no content was generated for page 74.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 2 summary of significant accounting policies continued 2.8 financial assets continued a classification and measurement continued debt instruments at subsequent measurement debt instruments mainly comprise of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and other current assets excluding prepayments.
debt instruments that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
a gain or loss on a debt instrument that is subsequently measured at amortised costs and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired.
interest income from these financial assets is included in interest income using the effective interest rate method.
b impairment the group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt financial assets carried at amortised cost.
the impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
note 19b details how the group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
for trade receivables, the group applies the simplified approach permitted by the sfrsi 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.
for other receivables and deposits, the general 3 stage approach is applied.
credit loss allowance is based on 12 months expected credit loss if there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the assets.
if there is significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, lifetime credit loss will be calculated and recognised.
c recognition and derecognition regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade date - the date on which the group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.
no content was generated for page 76.
no content was generated for page 77.
no content was generated for page 78.
no content was generated for page 79.
no content was generated for page 80.
no content was generated for page 81.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 2 summary of significant accounting policies continued 2.18 dividends to company’s shareholders dividends to the company’s shareholders are recognised when the dividends are approved for payment.
3 critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements estimates, assumptions and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or area where estimates and assumptions are significant to the financial statements are disclosed below.
revenue from contract with customers the group recognises revenue from contracts with customers when the outcome of a transaction involving the rendering of services can be estimated reliably.
significant judgement and estimation are required in determining the method and amount of revenue to recognise.
specifically, arrangements may require contract interpretation to determine appropriate accounting, including whether promised goods and services in an arrangement are distinct performance obligations and should be accounted for separately.
other judgements include determining whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time.
corporate advisory services corporate advisory services in people’s republic of china consist of a single performance obligation which is recognised at a point in time upon on the lodgement of the funds with the authority by the customers in accordance with the investment plans advised by the group, or when the customers provide a written acknowledgement confirming the services has been rendered.
revenue from corporate advisory services in singapore is recognised when the performance obligation as stipulated in contract is satisfied at a point in time based on services completed as agreed and certified by the customers.
revenue from corporate advisory services in malaysia is recognised when the performance obligation as stipulated in contract is satisfied at a point in time or over time based on services completed as agreed and certified by the customers or on the time elapsed over the contractual period as the customers simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits from the services provided by the group respectively.
management consultancy services management consultancy services consist of a single performance obligation, which is recognised over time as control is transferred continuously to customers.
revenue is recognised over time using an output measurement of progress towards completion which is agreed and certified by the customers.
the amount of revenue recognised for the financial year is disclosed in note 4 to the financial statements.
no content was generated for page 83.
annual report 2022 forise international limited notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 5.
other income : , 2022: , 2021: : interest income on bank deposits, 2022: 20, 2021: 6 : rental income note 18, 2022: 14, 2021: 4 : government grants – job support schemea, 2022: 6, 2021: 10 ajob support scheme “jss” is a temporary scheme introduced in the singapore budget 2020 to help enterprises retain local employees.
under the jss, employers will receive cash grants in relation to the gross monthly wages of eligible employees.
6.
employee compensation : , 2022: , 2021: : salaries and bonuses, 2022: 1,016, 2021: 905 : employer’s contribution to defined contribution plans,, 2022: 63, 2021: 65 : including central provident fund “cpf” and employees provident fund “eppf”, 2022: -, 2021: 8 : other short-term benefits, 2022: 63, 2021: 8 : total, 2022: 1,079, 2021: 978 7.
tax expense : , 2022: , 2021: : tax expense attributable to loss/profit is made up of:, 2022: -, 2021: 39 : current income tax – singapore, 2022: 1, 2021: 32 : under provision of income tax in prior financial years, 2022: 1, 2021: 71 : total, 2022: 1, 2021: 71 tax charges on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries, in which the group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretation and practices in respect thereof.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 7 tax expense continued the tax on the group’s loss/profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using singapore dollar’s statutory rate of income tax as follows: table: tax expense by year : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : loss/profit before tax, 2022: 2,381, 2021: 194 : tax at domestic income tax rate of 17% 2021: 17%, 2022: , 2021: : - expenses not deductible for tax purpose, 2022: 405, 2021: 33 : - income not subject to tax, 2022: 9, 2021: 2 : - deferred tax assets not recognised, 2022: -, 2021: 7 : - utilisation of deferred tax assets not recognised, 2022: -, 2021: 60 : - statutory stepped income exemption, 2022: 401, 2021: 16 : - effect of different tax rates in other countries, 2022: -, 2021: 21 : - under provision of taxation in prior years, 2022: 5, 2021: 12 : , 2022: 1, 2021: 32 : total, 2022: 1, 2021: 71 deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable.
as at 31 december 2022, the group’s unutilised tax losses amounted to sgd3,434,000 2021: sgd1,076,000 which can be carried forward to offset against future taxable income subject to compliance with the provisions of the income tax act and meeting certain statutory requirements in the respective jurisdictions in which the group operates.
the tax losses have no expiry date.
8 loss per share basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to equity holders of the company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.
for the purpose of calculating diluted loss per share, loss attributable to equity holders of the company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding are adjusted for the effects of all potential dilutive ordinary shares.
table: loss per share by year : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : net loss attributable to equity holders of the company singapore dollar’000, 2022: 1,625, 2021: 18 : weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for basic and diluted loss per share ‘000, 2022: 42,599, 2021: 42,599 : basic and diluted loss per share singapore dollar singapore cents, 2022: 3.81, 2021: 0.04 notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 9 cash and cash equivalents : , group: , company: disposal of subsidiary corporation on 22 november 2022, the group disposed of its subsidiary corporation, raffles neobank solutions pte.
ltd.
the effects of the disposal on the cash flows of the group were: group: at group: 22 november group: 2022 group: singapore dollar'000 carrying amount of assets and liabilities as at the date of disposal: trade and other receivables other current assets total assets trade and other payables net assets derecognised less: non-controlling interests net assets disposed of cash inflow arising from disposal: net assets disposed of as above non-cash consideration - other payables written off net cash inflows on disposal amount less than sgd1,000.
: , at: : , at: 22 november : , at: 2022 : , at: singapore dollar'000 : trade and other receivables, at: 164 : other current assets, at: - : total assets, at: 164 : trade and other payables, at: 62 : net assets derecognised, at: 102 : less: non-controlling interests, at: 50 : net assets disposed of, at: 52 : net assets disposed of as above, at: 52 : non-cash consideration - other payables written off, at: 51 : net cash inflows on disposal, at: 1 notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 10 trade and other receivables table: trade and other receivables : , group: , company: : , group: 937, company: 882 the non-trade receivables from subsidiary corporations and a related party are unsecured, interest-free and are repayable on demand.
the loans to an associated company by one of the subsidiary corporations were unsecured, bore interest rates ranging from 8% to 9% per annum and were due on 30 november 2019.
in the previous financial year ended 31 december 2019, the group had provided an expected credit loss allowance of sgd4,095,000 relating to the loans to an associated company and in the current financial year ended 31 december 2022, management did not reasonably expect the group to recover the loans to an associated company and consequently, the allowance of sgd4,095,000 has been written off as disclosed in note 19biv to the financial statements.
11 other current assets table: other current assets : , group: , company: notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 12.
investment in an associated company group : , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : cost:, 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : beginning and end of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 243, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 243 : allowance for impairment:, 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : beginning and end of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 243, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 243 : carrying amount:, 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : end of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - set out below is the associated company of the group as at 31 december 2022 and 2021.
the associated company has a share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares, which are held directly by the group; its country of incorporation is also its principal place of business.
name of entity: , principal activity: , country of business/ incorporation: , % of ownership interest: the group accounts for its investment in le rong as an associated company as the group holds more than 20% of the issued share capital of le rong and the group is able to exercise significant influence over the investment due to the group's voting power both through its equity holding and its representation on the board.
there are no contingent liabilities relating to the group's interest in the associated company.
summarised financial information of associated company : , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : revenue, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : loss after income tax/loss, net of tax, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 13, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 56 : other comprehensive income/loss, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 346, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 189 : total comprehensive income/loss, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 333, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 245 notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 12 investment in an associated company continued summarised financial information of associated company continued summarised balance sheet : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : current assets, 2022: 2, 2021: 1 : current liabilities, 2022: 3,823, 2021: 4,155 : net liabilities, 2022: 3,821, 2021: 4,154 the information above reflects the amount presented in the financial statements of the associated company and not the group’s share of those amounts, adjusted for differences in accounting policies between the group and the associated company.
reconciliation of summarised financial information reconciliation of the summarised financial information presented, to the carrying amount of the group’s interest in associated company, is as follows: summarised balance sheet : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : net liabilities, 2022: , 2021: : group’s equity interest, 2022: 3,821, 2021: 4,154 : group’s share of net liabilities, 2022: 40%, 2021: 40% : unrecognised share of lossa, 2022: 1,528, 2021: 1,662 : carrying value of group interest in associated company, 2022: 1,528, 2021: 1,662 a the group’s cumulative share of losses exceeds its interest in the associated company and the group has no further obligation in respect of those accumulated losses beyond their total investment amount.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 13 investments in subsidiary corporations company : , 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : equity investments at cost, 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : beginning of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 187, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 187 : addition a, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 83, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : disposal b, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 51, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : end of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 219, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 187 : allowance for impairment, 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : beginning of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 187, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 187 : allowance made c, 2022 singapore dollar'000: -, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - : end of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 187, 2021 singapore dollar'000: 187 : carrying amount, 2022 singapore dollar'000: , 2021 singapore dollar'000: : end of financial year, 2022 singapore dollar'000: 32, 2021 singapore dollar'000: - amount less than sgd1,000.
a on 1 april 2022, the group had incorporated a subsidiary corporation in singapore, raffles neobank solutions pte.
ltd.
“raffles neobank” with an issued and paid-up capital of sgd100,000 comprising of 100,000 ordinary shares.
the company holds 51,000 ordinary shares.
the company had incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary in malaysia, forise international m sdn.
bhd.
“forise malaysia” with an issued and paid-up capital of approximately sgd32,000 equivalent to rm100,000 comprising of 100,000 ordinary shares.
b on 8 august 2022, the company had incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary in malaysia, forise international m sdn.
bhd.
"forise malaysia" with an issued and paid-up capital of approximately sgd32,000 equivalent to rm100,000 comprising 100,000 ordinary shares.
on 7 november 2022, the company entered into a sale and purchase agreement to dispose of its entire shareholding interest representing 51% of the equity interest in raffles neobank for a total consideration of sgd52,000, of which sgd1,000 is cash consideration.
the disposal was completed on 22 november 2022 note 9.
subsequent to the completion, raffles neobank has ceased to be a subsidiary corporation of the company.
c during the financial year ended 31 december 2022, the company carried out a review on the recoverable amounts of its investments in subsidiary corporations.
the management is of the view that considering prisma technologies pte.
ltd.
is in net liabilities position, the recoverable amount of the investment in subsidiary corporation is deemed as nil.
consequently, an impairment loss was recognised during the financial year.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 13 investments in subsidiary corporations continued the group had the following subsidiary corporations as at 31 december 2022 and 2021: name: , principal activities: , country of business/ incorporation: , proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: , proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: , proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: , proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: name: held by the company, principal activities: , country of business/ incorporation: , proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: %, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: %, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: %, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: % name: forise management limiteda, principal activities: investment holding, country of business/ incorporation: hong kong, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: 100, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: 100, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: -, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: - name: prisma technologies pte.
ltd.b, principal activities: provision of management consultancy services, country of business/ incorporation: singapore, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: 50.1, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: 50.1, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: 49.9, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: 49.9 name: forise international m sdn.
bhd.c, principal activities: provision of corporate advisory and management consultancy services, country of business/ incorporation: malaysia, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: 100, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: -, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: -, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: - name: held by forise management limited, principal activities: , country of business/ incorporation: , proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: , proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: , proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: , proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: name: tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limitedd, principal activities: provision of corporate advisory and management consulting services, country of business/ incorporation: prc, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: 100, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: 100, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: -, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: - name: held by tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limited, principal activities: , country of business/ incorporation: , proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: , proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: , proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: , proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: name: tianjin forise corporation management consultancy limited, beijing branchd, principal activities: provision of corporate advisory and management consulting services, country of business/ incorporation: prc, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2022: 100, proportion of ordinary shares directly held by the parent and the group 2021: 100, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2022: -, proportion of ordinary shares held by non-controlling interests 2021: - aaudited by sbc international, hong kong.
audit procedures performed for significant line items by cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation, singapore, for consolidation purposes.
in accordance with rule 716 of the sgx-st listing rules, the audit committee and board of directors of the company are of the opinion that the appointment of different auditors for its subsidiary would not compromise the standard and effectiveness of the audit of the group and of the company.
baudited by cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation, singapore.
cthe company is newly incorporated on 8 august 2022 and management is still in the process of appointing an auditor.
audit procedures performed for significant line items by cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation, singapore, for consolidation purposes.
daudited by shanghai cla global ts certified public accountants.
reviewed by cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation for consolidation purposes.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 13 investments in subsidiary corporations continued significant restrictions cash and short-term deposits of sgd340,000 2021: sgd509,000 are held in the prc and are subject to local exchange control regulations.
these local exchange control regulations provide for restrictions on exporting capital from the country, other than through normal dividends.
carrying value of non-controlling interest prisma technologies pte.
ltd., representing total carrying value of non-controlling interest : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : , 2022: 243, 2021: 498 summarised financial information of subsidiary with material non-controlling interest set out below is the summarised financial information for the subsidiary corporation that has non-controlling interest which is material to the group.
these are presented before inter-company eliminations.
summarised balance sheet : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : current, 2022: , 2021: : assets, 2022: 1, 2021: 1,508 : liabilities, 2022: 487, 2021: 509 : net liabilities/assets, 2022: 486, 2021: 999 : net liabilities/assets attributable to nci, 2022: 243, 2021: 498 summarised income statements : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : revenue, 2022: 109, 2021: 1,210 : loss/profit before tax, 2022: 1,519, 2021: 354 : income tax expense, 2022: 1, 2021: 71 : post-tax loss/profit from continuing operations, 2022: 1,520, 2021: 283 : other comprehensive loss/income, 2022: 35, 2021: 16 : total comprehensive loss/income, 2022: 1,485, 2021: 299 : total comprehensive loss/profit attributable to non-controlling interest, 2022: 741, 2021: 149 summarised cash flows : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : net cash used in operating activities, 2022: -, 2021: 398| amount less than sgd1,000.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 14 plant and equipment furniture and fitting and office equipment singapore dollar'000 group 2022 cost - beginning of financial year 11 - additions 2 - end of financial year 13 accumulated depreciation - beginning of financial year 11 - depreciation charge - end of financial year 11 net book value - end of financial year 2 cost - beginning of financial year and end of financial year 11 accumulated depreciation - beginning of financial year and end of financial year - net book value - end of financial year 11 amount less than sgd1,000 furniture and fitting and office equipment singapore dollar'000 company 2022 cost - beginning of financial year and end of financial year 10 accumulated depreciation - beginning of financial year and end of financial year 10 net book value - end of financial year - cost - beginning of financial year and end of financial year 10 accumulated depreciation - beginning of financial year and end of financial year 10 net book value - end of financial year - notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 15 trade and other payables : , group: , company: 16 share capital : , no.
of ordinary shares: , amount singapore dollar'000: : group and company 2022, no.
of ordinary shares: , amount singapore dollar'000: : beginning of financial year and end of financial year, no.
of ordinary shares: 42,599,999, amount singapore dollar'000: 33,347 : 2021, no.
of ordinary shares: , amount singapore dollar'000: : beginning of financial year and end of financial year, no.
of ordinary shares: 42,599,999, amount singapore dollar'000: 33,347 all issued ordinary shares are fully paid.
there is no par value for these ordinary shares and carry one vote per share and a right to dividends as and when declared by the company.
17 currency translation reserve : , group: , company: 94 forise international limited annual report 2022 for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 notes to the financial statements 18 leases - the group as a lessor nature of the group’s leasing activities – group as an intermediate lessor sublease – classified as operating lease the group acts as an intermediate lessor under an arrangement in which it subleases its office space to a related party for monthly lease payments.
the sublease periods do not form a major part of the remaining lease terms under the head lease and accordingly, the sub-lease is classified as an operating lease.
income from subleasing the office space recognised during the financial year ended 31 december 2022 was sgd14,000 2021: sgdnil note 5.
the sublease has been terminated on 31 december 2022 and the group will not receive any lease payments subsequent to the reporting date.
19 financial risk management financial risk factors the group’s activities expose it to market risk including currency risk and interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and capital risk.
the group’s overall risk management strategy seeks to minimise adverse effects from the unpredictability of financial markets on the group’s financial performance.
the board of directors is responsible for setting the objectives and underlying principles of financial risk management for the group.
this includes establishing policies such as authority levels, oversight responsibilities, risk identification and measurement and exposure limits.
a market risk i currency risk the group has currency exposures arising from transactions, assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the respective functional currencies of the group.
the group transacts business in various foreign currencies, including renminbi “renminbi”, united states dollar “united states dollar” and malaysia ringgit “malaysian ringgit”, therefore is exposed to foreign exchange risk.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 19 financial risk management continued a financial risk factors continued i currency risk continued the group's currency exposure based on the information provided to key management is as follows: table: group currency exposure group: , singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi singapore dollar'000: , malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: 2022 financial assets, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi singapore dollar'000: , malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: cash and cash equivalents, singapore dollar'000: 1,026, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 340, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 58, total singapore dollar'000: 1,424 group: trade and other receivables, singapore dollar'000: 64, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 29, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 4, total singapore dollar'000: 97 group: receivables from subsidiary corporations, singapore dollar'000: 37, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: -, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 37 group: other financial assets, singapore dollar'000: 16, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 1, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 17 group: total, singapore dollar'000: 1,143, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 370, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 62, total singapore dollar'000: 1,575 group: financial liabilities, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi singapore dollar'000: , malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: trade and other payables, singapore dollar'000: 275, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 118, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 6, total singapore dollar'000: 399 group: payables to subsidiary corporations, singapore dollar'000: 37, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: -, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 37 group: total, singapore dollar'000: 312, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 118, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 6, total singapore dollar'000: 436 group: net financial assets, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi singapore dollar'000: , malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: add: net non-financial assets, singapore dollar'000: 831, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 252, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 56, total singapore dollar'000: 1,139 group: total, singapore dollar'000: 841, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 253, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 57, total singapore dollar'000: 1,151 group: net assets, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi singapore dollar'000: , malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: less: financial liabilities denominated in the respective entities' functional currencies, singapore dollar'000: 982, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: 253, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: 57, total singapore dollar'000: 1,292 group: currency exposure of financial liabilities, net of those denominated in the respective entities' functional currencies, singapore dollar'000: 141, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi singapore dollar'000: -, malaysian ringgit singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 141 notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 19.
financial risk management continued financial risk factors continued a market risk continued i currency risk continued the group’s currency exposure based on the information provided to key management is as follows: continued table: currency exposure 2022 group: , singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi'000: , hong kong dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: 2021, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi'000: , hong kong dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: financial assets, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi'000: , hong kong dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: cash and cash equivalents, singapore dollar'000: 1,757, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi'000: 509, hong kong dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 2,266 group: trade and other receivables, singapore dollar'000: 1, united states dollar'000: 1,506, renminbi'000: 52, hong kong dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 1,559 group: payables to subsidiary corporations, singapore dollar'000: 882, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi'000: -, hong kong dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 882 group: other financial assets, singapore dollar'000: 8, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi'000: 34, hong kong dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 42 group: financial liabilities, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi'000: , hong kong dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: trade and other payables, singapore dollar'000: 149, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi'000: 143, hong kong dollar'000: 1, total singapore dollar'000: 293 group: payables to subsidiary corporations, singapore dollar'000: 2,648, united states dollar'000: 1,506, renminbi'000: 595, hong kong dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 4,749 group: net financial assets/liabilities, singapore dollar'000: , united states dollar'000: , renminbi'000: , hong kong dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: group: net assets/liabilities, singapore dollar'000: 1,031, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi'000: 143, hong kong dollar'000: 1, total singapore dollar'000: 1,175 group: add: net non-financial assets/liabilities, singapore dollar'000: 1,617, united states dollar'000: 1,506, renminbi'000: 452, hong kong dollar'000: 1, total singapore dollar'000: 3,574 group: less/add: financial assets/ liabilities in the respective entities’ denominated in the respective entities’ functional currencies, singapore dollar'000: 145, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi'000: 2, hong kong dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 143 group: net assets/liabilities, singapore dollar'000: 1,472, united states dollar'000: 1,506, renminbi'000: 454, hong kong dollar'000: 1, total singapore dollar'000: 3,431 group: currency exposure of financial liabilities, net of those denominated in the respective entities’ functional currencies, singapore dollar'000: 1,640, united states dollar'000: 1,506, renminbi'000: 454, hong kong dollar'000: 1, total singapore dollar'000: 3,599 group: currency exposure of financial liabilities, net of those denominated in the respective entities’ functional currencies, singapore dollar'000: 168, united states dollar'000: -, renminbi'000: -, hong kong dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 168 notes: the company’s business operation is not exposed to significant foreign currency risks as it has no significant transactions denominated in foreign currency.
no content was generated for page 98.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 19 financial risk management continued b credit risk continued iii trade receivables the group has applied the simplified approach to measure the lifetime expected credit losses for all trade receivables.
to measure the expected credit losses, the group has made debtor specific assessment for credit impaired debtors.
the group considers historical loss experience for the respective customers, and receipts with the group during the financial year and estimates separately the amount and timing of the collectability of respective cash flows.
the management has separately identified a group of specific receivables which is either with repayment plan with the group or those which the group do not expect to receive future repayments.
trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the group.
the group categorises a receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make contractual payment greater than 365 days past due based on historical loss rates for each category of customers and adjust to reflect current and forward-looking information.
where receivables have been written off, the group continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivables due.
where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.
as at reporting date, the group has recognised an expected credit loss allowance of sgd1,044,000 2021: sgdnil against trade receivables over 365 days past due, because historical experience and forward-looking information has indicated that these group of receivables generally has a greater potential risk on the recoverability.
no other loss allowance is recognised as the management believes that the amounts that are past due are collectible, based on historical payment behaviour and credit-worthiness of the customers.
the movement of ecl on trade receivables are as follows: table: ecl on trade receivables : , 2022: , 2021: : beginning of financial year, 2022: –, 2021: – : allowance made, 2022: 1,044, 2021: – : currency translation differences, 2022: 28, 2021: – : end of financial year note 10, 2022: 1,016, 2021: – notes: this table provides a breakdown of the movement of expected credit loss ecl on trade receivables for the years 2022 and 2021.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 19 financial risk management continued b financial risk factors continued iv other financial assets, at amortised cost the group and the company's other financial assets recognised at amortised cost mainly consisted of cash and cash equivalents, non-trade receivables, loan to an associated company and deposits.
these other financial assets are subject to immaterial credit loss, except for loan to an associated company and other receivables due from subsidiary corporations.
in determining the ecl, management has taken into account the historical default experience and the financial position of the counterparties, adjusted for factors that are specific to these receivables in estimating the probability of default of each of these other financial assets.
for the purpose of impairment assessment, loss allowance is generally measured at an amount equal to 12-month ecl as there is low risk of default and strong capability to meet contractual cash flows.
when the credit quality deteriorates and the resulting credit risk of other financial assets increase significantly since its initial recognition, the 12-month ecl would be replaced by lifetime ecl.
other financial assets are written-off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of other receivables to engage in a repayment plan with the group and the company, and a failure to make contractual payments.
as at the reporting date, the movements in credit loss allowances on other receivables and loans to associated company are as follows: table: group : , other receivables singapore dollar'000: , group loan to an associated company singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: : beginning of financial year, other receivables singapore dollar'000: -, group loan to an associated company singapore dollar'000: 4,095, total singapore dollar'000: 4,095 : allowance made, other receivables singapore dollar'000: 58, group loan to an associated company singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 58 : written-off, other receivables singapore dollar'000: -, group loan to an associated company singapore dollar'000: 4,095, total singapore dollar'000: 4,095 : currency exchange difference, other receivables singapore dollar'000: 3, group loan to an associated company singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 3 : end of financial year note 10, other receivables singapore dollar'000: 55, group loan to an associated company singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 55 table: company : , other receivables singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: : beginning of financial year, other receivables singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: - : allowance made, other receivables singapore dollar'000: 899, total singapore dollar'000: 899 : end of financial year note 10, other receivables singapore dollar'000: 899, total singapore dollar'000: 899 notes: this table includes details on allowance made, written-off, and currency exchange difference.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 19 financial risk management continued c liquidity risk prudent liquidity risk management includes by maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents note 9 to enable them to meet their normal operating commitments.
the group's and the company's financial liabilities are all due within the next 12 months from the balance sheet date and approximate the contractual undiscounted payments.
d capital risk the group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximise shareholder value.
in order to maintain or achieve an optimal capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of dividend payment, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, buy back issued shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to reduce borrowings.
management monitors capital based on a gearing ratio.
the group and the company are not required by the banks to maintain financial ratios.
the group's and the company's strategies, which were unchanged from 2021, are to maintain gearing ratios of not more than 100%.
management will review the gearing ratios regularly based on operations and performance of the group.
the gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital.
net debt is calculated as any borrowings plus trade and other payables less cash and cash equivalents.
total capital is calculated as equity plus net debt.
table: group data : , 2022: , 2021: : net debt:, 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: -, 2021: - : total equity, 2022: 1,151, 2021: 3,431 : total capital, 2022: 1,151, 2021: 3,431 : gearing ratio, 2022: nm, 2021: nm table: company data : , 2022: , 2021: : net debt:, 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: -, 2021: - : total equity, 2022: 1,051, 2021: 2,523 : total capital, 2022: 1,051, 2021: 2,523 : gearing ratio, 2022: nm, 2021: nm nm = not meaningful the group and the company have no externally imposed capital requirements for the financial years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 19 financial risk management continued e financial instruments by category the carrying amount of the different categories of financial instruments is as follows: table: financial instruments by category : , 2022: , 2021: , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: group, 2021: group, 2022: company, 2021: company : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000, 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : financial assets, at amortised cost, 2022: 1,538, 2021: 3,867, 2022: 1,130, 2021: 2,634 : financial liabilities, at amortised cost, 2022: 399, 2021: 293, 2022: 121, 2021: 122 20 related party transactions in addition to the information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following transactions took place between the group and related parties at terms agreed between the parties: a sales and sublease to related party table: related party transactions : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: group, 2021: group : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : sales from related party, 2022: 109, 2021: 1,145 : sublease to related party, 2022: 14, 2021: - related parties comprise mainly companies which are controlled or significantly influenced by the group's key management personnel and their close family members.
outstanding balances arising from sale of services, are unsecured and receivable within 12 months from balance sheet date are disclosed in note 10 to the financial statements.
b key management personnel compensation key management personnel compensation, representing compensation to directors and executive officers of the group is as follows: table: key management personnel compensation : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: group, 2021: group : , 2022: singapore dollar’000, 2021: singapore dollar’000 : salaries and bonus, 2022: 693, 2021: 700 : directors' fees, 2022: 92, 2021: 109 : employer's contribution to defined contribution plans including cpf, 2022: 59, 2021: 26 : , 2022: 844, 2021: 835 the above total compensation includes compensation to directors of the company amounted to sgd287,000 2021: sgd281,000.
segment information the group's chief operating decision-makers "codm" consists of the executive directors.
management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the codm that are used to make strategic decisions, allocate resources, and assess performance.
the codm considers the business from both geographical and business segment perspectives.
geographically, management manages and monitors the business mainly in singapore, prc, india and malaysia.
from a business segment perspective, the group's operations derive its revenue from corporate advisory and investment holding businesses.
other services within singapore mainly relate to investment holding and are not included within the reportable operations segments.
the result of its operations is included under "all other segments".
the segment information provided to the codm for the reportable segments is as follows: table: segment information 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: revenue, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 316, all other segments singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 316 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 2, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 14, total singapore dollar'000: 14 2022: other income, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 6 2022: interest income, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 112, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 4, total singapore dollar'000: 104 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 774, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 8, total singapore dollar'000: 1,079 2022: currency exchange losses/gains - net, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: -, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 305, total singapore dollar'000: 305 2022: employee compensation, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 102, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 92, total singapore dollar'000: 192 2022: directors' fee, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: -, all other segments singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 1,102 2022: expected credit loss allowance on financial assets, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 24, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 230, total singapore dollar'000: 254 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 8, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 39, total singapore dollar'000: 47 2022: professional fees, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 8, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 31, total singapore dollar'000: 39 2022: rental on short-term leases, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 1,710, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 671, total singapore dollar'000: 2,381 2022: other operating expenses, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 1, all other segments singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 1 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: loss before income tax, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 1,711, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 671, total singapore dollar'000: 2,382 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: income tax expense, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: total loss, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 446, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 1,104, total singapore dollar'000: 1,550 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: segment assets, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 278, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 121, total singapore dollar'000: 399 2022: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2022: segment liabilities, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 21 segment information continued the segment information provided to the codm for the reportable segments are as follows continued: 2021: , corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2021: revenue, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: , all other segments singapore dollar'000: , total singapore dollar'000: 2021: other income, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 1,686, all other segments singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 1,686 2021: interest income, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: -, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 4, total singapore dollar'000: 4 2021: currency exchange gains/losses - net, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 6, all other segments singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 6 2021: consultancy charges, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 93, all other segments singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 93 2021: employee compensation, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 58, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 25, total singapore dollar'000: 83 2021: directors' fee, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 669, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 309, total singapore dollar'000: 978 2021: professional fees, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: -, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 109, total singapore dollar'000: 109 2021: rental on short-term leases, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 171, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 149, total singapore dollar'000: 320 2021: other operating expenses, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 15, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 24, total singapore dollar'000: 39 2021: profit/loss before income tax, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 849, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 43, total singapore dollar'000: 194 2021: income tax expense, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 71, all other segments singapore dollar'000: -, total singapore dollar'000: 71 2021: total profit/loss, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 778, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 655, total singapore dollar'000: 123 2021: segment assets, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 2,117, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 1,763, total singapore dollar'000: 3,880 2021: segment liabilities, corporate advisory, and management consultancy singapore dollar'000: 327, all other segments singapore dollar'000: 122, total singapore dollar'000: 449 the revenue from external parties reported to the codm is measured in a manner consistent with that in the statement of comprehensive income.
the codm assesses the performance of the operating segments based on gross profit.
this is the measure reported to the codm for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.
a reconciliations i segment assets the amounts reported to codm with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with that of the financial statements and all assets are allocated to reportable segments.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 21 segment information continued a reconciliations continued i segment assets continued segment assets are reconciled to total assets as follows: table: segment assets reconciliation : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar'000, 2021: singapore dollar'000 : segment assets for reportable segments, 2022: 446, 2021: 2,117 : other segment assets, 2022: 1,104, 2021: 1,763 : total assets, 2022: 1,550, 2021: 3,880 ii segment liabilities the amounts provided to codm with respect to total liabilities are measured in a manner consistent with that of the financial statements.
these liabilities are allocated based on the operations of the segment and all liabilities are allocated to the reportable segments.
segment liabilities are reconciled to total liabilities as follows: table: segment liabilities reconciliation : , 2022: , 2021: : , 2022: singapore dollar'000, 2021: singapore dollar'000 : segment liabilities for reportable segments, 2022: 278, 2021: 327 : other segment liabilities, 2022: 121, 2021: 122 : total liabilities, 2022: 399, 2021: 449 b revenue from major products and major customers revenue of sgd109,000 2021: sgd1,145,000 was derived from a single related party and attributable to the rendering of services under corporate advisory and management consultancy segment as disclosed in note 4 to the financial statements.
c geographical information the group's business segments operate in the following main geographical areas: - corporate advisory - domiciled and operates mainly in the prc, singapore and malaysia.
- management consultancy - domiciled in singapore and operates mainly in india.
- all other segments - domiciled and operates mainly in singapore.
the group's revenue by geographical areas is disclosed under note 4 to the financial statements.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 22 new or revised accounting standards and interpretations below are the mandatory standards, amendments and interpretations to existing standards that have been published, and are relevant for the group’s accounting periods beginning on or after 1 january 2023 and which the group has not adopted early.
a amendments to sfrsi 1-1 presentation of financial statements classification of liabilities as current or non-current effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 january 2023 the narrow-scope amendments to sfrsi 1-1 presentation of financial statements clarify that liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting period.
classification is unaffected by the expectation of the entity or events after the reporting date e.
grams.
the receipt of a waiver or a breach of covenant.
the amendments also clarify what sfrsi 1-1 means when it refers to the ‘settlement’ of a liability, particularly for entities that previously considered management’s intentions to determine classification for some liabilities that can be converted into equity.
the group does not expect any significant impact arising from applying these amendments.
b amendments to sfrsi 1-12 income taxes deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 january 2023 the amendments to sfrsi 1-12 income taxes require companies to recognise deferred tax on transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary differences.
they will typically apply to transactions such as leases and decommissioning obligations, and will require the recognition of additional deferred tax assets and liabilities.
the amendments should be applied to transactions that occur on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented.
in addition, entities should recognise deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that they can be utilised and deferred tax liabilities associated with the earliest comparative period for all deductible and taxable temporary differences at the beginning of the earliest comparative period that are associated with: - right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, and - decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities, and the corresponding amounts recognised as part of the cost of the related assets.
the cumulative effect of recognising these adjustments is recognised in retained earnings, or another component of equity, as appropriate.
sfrsi 1-12 did not previously address how to account for the tax effects of on-balance sheet leases and similar transactions and various approaches were considered acceptable.
some entities may have already accounted for such transactions consistent with the new requirements.
these entities will not be affected by the amendments.
the group does not expect any significant impact arising from applying these amendments.
notes to the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 23 events occurring after balance sheet date on 9 february 2023, the company announced that its subsidiary corporation, prisma technologies pte.
ltd.
“prisma tech” has through its legal advisors issued a letter of demand the “letter” against prisma ai corporation pte.
ltd.
prisma ai in respect of claims on unpaid amounts owing to prisma tech for various management and administration services provided by prisma tech to prisma ai.
prisma tech has in its letter demanded that prisma ai repay the outstanding sum of approximately sgd1,016,000 equivalent to usd758,000, by no later than noon of 15 february 2023.
on 30 march 2023, the company announced that following the issue of the letter, prisma ai had proposed an offer to settle the outstanding sum which was turned down by the company and prisma tech after careful consideration.
therefore, prisma tech stands by the outstanding sum as originally demanded in its letter of demand against prisma ai on 9 february 2023 and has through its legal advisors issued another letter of demand against prisma ai on 30 march 2023 to this effect the “second letter”.
pursuant to this second letter, the deadline for payment of the outstanding sum is noon of 15 april 2023.
consequently, the group has made an expected credit loss allowance amounting to sgd1,044,000 2021: sgdnil on the receivables due from prisma ai as disclosed in note 19biii to the financial statements.
statistics of shareholdings as at 27 march 2023 share capital issued and fully-paid capital: s$33,346,902 total number of shares in issue: 42,599,999 number of treasury shares and subsidiary holdings held: nil distribution of shareholdings size of shareholdings: , no.
of shareholders: , %: , no.
of shares: , %: size of shareholdings: 1 - 99, no.
of shareholders: 61, %: 9.90, no.
of shares: 1,758, %: 0.00 size of shareholdings: 100 - 1,000, no.
of shareholders: 217, %: 35.23, no.
of shares: 96,800, %: 0.23 size of shareholdings: 1,001 - 10,000, no.
of shareholders: 218, %: 35.39, no.
of shares: 1,018,444, %: 2.39 size of shareholdings: 10,001 - 1,000,000, no.
of shareholders: 113, %: 18.34, no.
of shares: 7,774,257, %: 18.25 size of shareholdings: 1,000,001 and above, no.
of shareholders: 7, %: 1.14, no.
of shares: 33,708,740, %: 79.13 size of shareholdings: total, no.
of shareholders: 616, %: 100.00, no.
of shares: 42,599,999, %: 100.00 twenty largest shareholders table: twenty largest shareholders no.: , name: , no.
of shares: , %: no.: 1, name: uob kay hian private limited, no.
of shares: 9,037,094, %: 21.21 no.: 2, name: kgi securities singapore pte.
ltd, no.
of shares: 7,883,560, %: 18.51 no.: 3, name: cgs-cimb securities singapore pte.
ltd, no.
of shares: 7,295,400, %: 17.13 no.: 4, name: dbs nominees private limited, no.
of shares: 3,594,926, %: 8.44 no.: 5, name: wan jinn woei, no.
of shares: 3,197,900, %: 7.51 no.: 6, name: lye weizhi lai weizhi, no.
of shares: 1,689,500, %: 3.97 no.: 7, name: hsbc singapore nominees pte ltd, no.
of shares: 1,010,360, %: 2.37 no.: 8, name: phillip securities pte ltd, no.
of shares: 982,473, %: 2.31 no.: 9, name: citibank nominees singapore pte ltd, no.
of shares: 479,234, %: 1.12 no.: 10, name: weng wenju, no.
of shares: 313,600, %: 0.74 no.: 11, name: weng jindao, no.
of shares: 305,600, %: 0.72 no.: 12, name: huang qinghua, no.
of shares: 282,100, %: 0.66 no.: 13, name: teoh teik kee, no.
of shares: 250,000, %: 0.59 no.: 14, name: united overseas bank nominees private limited, no.
of shares: 246,880, %: 0.58 no.: 15, name: huang fangxue, no.
of shares: 238,400, %: 0.56 no.: 16, name: teo boon chye, no.
of shares: 200,000, %: 0.47 no.: 17, name: tiger brokers singapore pte.
ltd., no.
of shares: 180,218, %: 0.42 no.: 18, name: abn amro clearing bank n.v, no.
of shares: 167,808, %: 0.39 no.: 19, name: loh lok kit, no.
of shares: 150,000, %: 0.35 no.: 20, name: ong soon liong @ong soon chong, no.
of shares: 140,000, %: 0.33 no.: total, name: , no.
of shares: 37,645,053, %: 88.38 statistics of shareholdings as at 27 march 2023 substantial shareholders substantial shareholders of the company as recorded in the register of substantial shareholders as at 27 march 2023 are as follows: name: , direct interest: , %: , no.
of ordinary shares: -, %: , indirect interest: - name: wan jin woei, direct interest: 3,197,900, %: 7.51, no.
of ordinary shares: -, %: -, indirect interest: - name: goh kui lian1, direct interest: -, %: -, no.
of ordinary shares: 8,946,000, %: 21.00, indirect interest: - name: healing spring group limited2, direct interest: -, %: -, no.
of ordinary shares: 4,686,000, %: 11.00, indirect interest: - name: weng wenwei3, direct interest: -, %: -, no.
of ordinary shares: 3,230,000, %: 7.58, indirect interest: - notes: 1 the 7,242,000 ordinary shares are held by goh kui lian's nominee, cimb securities singapore pte ltd.
goh kui lian is also deemed to be interested in the 1,704,000 ordinary shares held by kendek products co., ltd., a company incorporated in the british virgin islands and wholly-owned by ms goh kui lian, and registered under its nominee, uob kay hian pte.
ltd.
2 the 4,686,000 are held by healing spring group limited’s nominee, kgi securities singapore pte ltd.
3 weng wenwei is deemed to be interested in the 2,000,000 shares held by g&w investment management co., ltd “g&w” by virtue of his interest in 100% of the shares in g&w and 1,230,000 shares held by his spouse, cai an'e.
registered in the name of dbs nominees private limited.
free float as at 27 march 2023, approximately 52.91% of the issued ordinary shares of the company were held in the hands of the public on the basis of information available to the company.
accordingly, the company has complied with rule 723 of the listing manual of the singapore exchange securities trading limited.
notice of annual general meeting notice is hereby given that the annual general meeting "agm" of forise international limited the "company" will be held by way of electronic means on thursday, 27 april 2023 at 2.30 p.meter.
please refer to the notes below for further details.
this notice of agm and accompanying proxy form have been made available on sgxnet.
printed copies of these documents will not be despatched to members of the company.
the agm will be held for the following purposes: - as ordinary business 1.
to receive and, if approved, adopt the audited accounts for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 together with the directors' statement and independent auditors' report thereon.
resolution 1 2.
to approve the payment of directors' fees of s$99,000 for the financial year ending 31 december 2023, to be paid half-yearly in arrears.
2022: s$99,000 resolution 2 3.
to re-elect mr.
wan jin woei in accordance with regulation 117 of the company's constitution, as director of the company.
see explanatory note ii resolution 3 4.
to re-elect mr.
lee ah too in accordance with regulation 117 of the company's constitution, as director of the company.
see explanatory note iii resolution 4 5.
to elect mr.
heng chee song as a director of the company, to hold office from the date of the agm.
see explanatory note iii resolution 5 6.
to re-appoint cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation as the independent auditors of the company and to authorise the directors to fix their remuneration.
resolution 6 7.
to transact any other ordinary business which may be properly transacted at an annual general meeting.
as special business to consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution with or without amendments as ordinary resolution: - 8.
general mandate to allot and issue new shares in the capital of the company that pursuant to section 161 of the companies act 1967 the "act" and rule 806 of the listing manual of the singapore exchange securities trading limited the "sgx-st" "listing manual", authority be and is hereby given to the directors of the company to: - a i issue shares in the capital of the company "shares" whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or ii make or grant offers, agreements, or options collectively, "instruments" that might or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of as well as adjustments to warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible or exchangeable into shares, at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and notes: this notice of agm includes details on the resolutions to be considered at the meeting, including the re-election of directors and the general mandate for issuing new shares.
the meeting will be conducted electronically.
notice of annual general meeting b notwithstanding the authority conferred by this resolution may have been ceased to be in force issue shares in pursuance of any instrument made or granted by the directors while this resolution was in force, provided that: i the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this resolution including shares to be issued in pursuance of instruments made or granted pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed fifty per cent 50% of the total issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph ii below, of which the aggregate number of shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis i.e.
shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company issued or granted pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed twenty per cent 20% of the total issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph ii below; ii subject to such manner of calculation and adjustments as may be prescribed by the sgx-st for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraphs i above, the percentage of issued shares shall be based on the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company at the time this resolution is passed, after adjusting for: a new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any instruments or any convertible securities; b new shares arising from the exercise of share options or vesting of share awards, provided that the share options or share awards were granted in compliance with part viii of chapter 8 of the listing manual; and c any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares; adjustments for a and b above are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this resolution; iii in exercising the authority conferred by this resolution, the company shall comply with the provisions of the listing manual for the time being in force unless such compliance has been waived by the sgx-st, all applicable legal requirements under the act and constitution of the company; and iv unless revoked or varied by the company in a general meeting, the authority conferred by this resolution shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.
see explanatory note iv resolution 7 by order of the board peng weile leo executive director 12 april 2023 singapore notice of annual general meeting explanatory notes:- i if re-elected under ordinary resolution 3, mr.
wan jinn woei will remain as an executive director of the company.
ii if re-elected under ordinary resolution 4, mr.
lee ah too will remain as an independent non-executive director of the company, the chairman of the remuneration committee and the nominating committee, as well as a member of the audit committee.
iii if elected under ordinary resolution 5, mr.
heng chee song peter will be an independent non-executive director of the company, as well as a member of the audit committee.
iv ordinary resolution 7 proposed in item 8 above, if passed, will empower the directors of the company, effective from the date of this agm until the conclusion of the next agm of the company, or the date by which the next agm of the company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the company, in a general meeting, with effect from the date of the next agm of the company, to allot and issue shares and/or convertible securities in the company up to a maximum of fifty per cent 50% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings of which the aggregate number of shares and convertible securities to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders shall not exceed twenty per cent 20% of the total issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings.
notes:- 1.
printed copies of this notice of agm and the accompanying proxy form will not be sent to members.
instead, these documents are electronically disseminated to members and may be accessed on sgxnet at .
2.
the agm will be convened and held by electronic means.
3.
alternative arrangements are put in place to allow members to participate in the agm by: a.
attending, asking questions and communicating "live" in real-time at the virtual agm via electronic means.
members who wish to participate in the agm in such manner will have to pre-register in the manner outlined in note 5 below; b.
submitting questions to the company in advance of or "live", at the virtual agm.
please refer to note 6 below for further details; c.
voting by proxy or "live" in real-time at the virtual agm via electronic means.
please refer to note 7 below for further details.
4.
in the case of shares entered in the depository register, a depositor's name must appear on the depository register maintained by cdp as at 72 hours of training per employee before the time fixed for holding the agm in order for the depositor to be entitled to attend and vote at the agm.
5.
registration for virtual agm a member will be able to follow the proceedings of the agm by watching and/or listening to the "live" real-time webcast via mobile phone, tablet, computer or any such electronic device.
members will also be able to ask questions and communicate "live".
in order to do so, a member must pre-register at the url by no later than 2.30 p.meter.
on 25 april 2023 the registration deadline.
members who have been authenticated will receive email instructions to access the virtual agm by 2.30 p.meter.
on 26 april 2023.
members who have registered by the registration deadline but did not receive email instructions by 2.30 p.meter.
on 26 april 2023 should contact the company by email at for assistance, including details of their particulars comprising full name for individuals/company name for corporates, nric/passport number/company registration number, contact number, shareholding type and number of shares held.
members must not forward the abovementioned email instructions to other persons who are not members and who are not entitled to attend the agm.
this is also to avoid any technical disruptions or overload to the agm platform.
members are reminded that the agm proceedings are private, and recording of the proceedings in whatever form is strictly prohibited.
6.
srs investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries as defined in section 181 of the companies act, including investors under the supplementary retirement scheme "srs investors", may attend and cast their votes at the agm by pre-registering.
if they would like to vote but are unable to attend the agm, they should approach their respective agents, including srs operators, as soon as possible, so that the necessary arrangements can be made by the relevant agents to appoint the chairman to act as their proxy, in which case, the investor shall be precluded from attending the agm personally.
notice of annual general meeting 6.
members’ queries members of the company are encouraged to submit questions relating to the resolutions tabled for approval at the agm in advance: a via the pre-registration website at the url https://conveneagm.com/sg/foriseinternational2023; b by email to contact@foriseinternational.com; or c in hard copy by post to the company’s registered office at 15 scotts, 15 scotts road, 04-08, suite 22, singapore 228218, in any case, by 2:30 p.meter.
on 19 april 2023 the “cut-off time”.
for verification purpose, when submitting any questions by post or via email, members must provide the company with their particulars comprising full name for corporates, email address, contact number, nric/passport number/company registration number, shareholding type and number of shares held.
the company will endeavour to address all substantial and relevant questions determined by the company in its sole discretion as soon as possible and in any case, no later than 2:30 p.meter.
on 23 april 2023 that is, no later than 48 hours of training per employee before the closing date and time for the lodgement of the proxy forms.
any subsequent clarifications sought by members after the cut-off time will be addressed at the agm.
members may also ask questions during the agm.
the minutes of the agm will be published on sgxnet within one 1 month after the date of the agm.
investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries as defined in section 181 of the companies act, including srs investors, can submit their questions in relation to any resolution set out in the notice of agm upon pre-registration.
they should also inform their respective agents including srs operators, as soon as possible, so that the necessary arrangements can be made by the relevant agents for their participation in the agm.
7.
proxy voting or voting “live” at the agm a member may personally attend and vote “live” at the agm.
alternatively: a a member of the company entitled to attend and vote at the agm and who is not a relevant intermediary may appoint not more than two 2 proxies to attend and vote in his/her stead; and b a member of the company entitled to attend and vote at the agm and who is a relevant intermediary may appoint more than two 2 proxies provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to different shares held by such member.
“relevant intermediary” has the meaning ascribed to it in section 181 of the companies act.
a proxy need not be a member.
if a proxy is to be appointed, the instrument appointing the proxy must be signed by the appointor or his/her/its attorney duly authorised in writing.
where the instrument appointing a proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of any officer or attorney duly authorised.
the proxy form has been uploaded together with this notice of agm on sgxnet on the same day.
where this instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the power of attorney or a notarially certified copy thereof failing previous registration with the company must be lodged with this instrument of proxy, failing which this instrument of proxy may be treated as invalid.
members whether individual or corporate appointing a proxy must give specific instructions as to his/her/its manner of voting, or abstentions from voting, in the proxy form, failing which the appointment may be treated as invalid.
the proxy form must be submitted to the company in the following manner: a by email to contact@foriseinternational.com; or b in hard copy by post to the company’s registered office at 15 scotts, 15 scotts road, 04-08, suite 22, singapore 228218, in any case, not less than 48 hours of training per employee before the time appointed for holding the agm and at any adjournment thereof, i.e.
by no later than 2:30 p.meter.
on 25 april 2023.
no content was generated for page 114.
additional information on directors seeking re-election or new appointment pursuant to rule 7206 of the listing manual of the sgx-st mr wan jin woei and mr lee ah too are the directors seeking re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company to be convened on 27 april 2023 "agm" under ordinary resolutions 3 and 4 respectively as set out in the notice of agm dated 12 april 2023 the "retiring directors".
mr heng chee song peter is the proposed new director who is proposed to be appointed for the first time at the forthcoming agm under ordinary resolution 5 as set out in the notice of agm dated 12 april 2023.
pursuant to rule 7206 of the listing manual of the sgx-st, the information relating to each of the retiring directors and the proposed new director as set out in appendix 7.4.1 to the listing manual of the sgx-st is as follows: table: director information name of director: , wan jinn woei: , lee ah too: , heng chee song peter: name of director: date of appointment, wan jinn woei: 1 august 2022, lee ah too: 1 december 2022, heng chee song peter: 27 april 2023, subject to the approval of shareholders at the forthcoming agm name of director: date of last re-appointment, wan jinn woei: n/a, lee ah too: n/a, heng chee song peter: n/a name of director: age, wan jinn woei: 41, lee ah too: 64, heng chee song peter: 67 name of director: country of principal residence, wan jinn woei: malaysia, lee ah too: malaysia, heng chee song peter: singapore name of director: the board's comments on this appointment including rationale, selection criteria, and the search and nomination process, wan jinn woei: the board has assessed mr wan jin woei's qualifications and experience, and is of the view that he has the requisite experience and capabilities to assume the duties and responsibilities as an executive director of the company., lee ah too: the board has assessed mr lee ah too's qualifications and experience, considers him to be independent, and is of the view that he has the requisite experience and capabilities to assume the duties and responsibilities as an independent non-executive director of the company., heng chee song peter: the board has assessed mr heng chee song peter's qualifications and experience, considers him to be independent, and is of the view that he has the requisite experience and capabilities to assume the duties and responsibilities as an independent non-executive director of the company.
name of director: whether appointment is executive, and if so, the area of responsibility, wan jinn woei: executive director., lee ah too: no., heng chee song peter: no.
name of director: , wan jinn woei: mr wan jin woei will be responsible for the formulation and implementation of strategies to improve overall corporate performance and to lead corporate planning to further the company's goals., lee ah too: , heng chee song peter: additional information on directors seeking re-election or new appointment pursuant to rule 7206 of the listing manual name of director: , wan jinn woei: , lee ah too: , heng chee song peter: name of director: job title e.
grams.
lead id, ac chairman, ac member etc., wan jinn woei: executive director, lee ah too: independent non-executive director, the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the nominating committee, heng chee song peter: independent non-executive director and a member of the audit committee, remuneration committee and nominating committee.
name of director: professional qualifications, wan jinn woei: malaysian public auctioneer basic practice programme, bachelor of business administration, lee ah too: chartered accountant member of the malaysian institute of accountants, heng chee song peter: fellow, society of naval architects and marine engineers, singapore snames certificate of competency, 1st class motor engineer and 2nd class motor engineer, department of trade and industry, singapore marine department name of director: any relationship including immediate family relationships with any existing director, existing executive director, the issuer and/or substantial shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal subsidiaries, wan jinn woei: no, lee ah too: no, heng chee song peter: no name of director: conflict of interest including any competing business, wan jinn woei: no, lee ah too: no, heng chee song peter: no additional information on directors seeking re-election or new appointment pursuant to rule 7206 of the sgx-st name of director heng chee song peter working experience and occupations during the past 10 years | january 2011 to june 2013 - real estate negotiator of ding feng realty sdn bhd december 2013 to july 2016 - director of business development of megaharta real estate sdn bhd august 2016 to january 2018 - executive chairman and chief executive officer of imperium crown limited september 2018 to april 2019 - independent non-executive director of puc berhad january 2021 to july 2022 - director of monterey asia sdn bhd october 2019 to present - director of helenium asia sdn bhd july 2021 to july 2022 - director of cleanbot sdn bhd | october 1998 to june 2019 - audit partner of ernst & young, malaysia july 2019 to present - corporate finance advisor of top glove sdn bhd april 2022 to present - independent director of poh huat resources holdings berhad | november 2006 to april 2016 - vice president, technical, seacastle singapore pte ltd.
may 2016 to april 2018 - executive vice president, meratus line, surabaya and banjarmasin april 2018 to november 2019 - general manager, technical, meratus advance maritim, jakarta, surabaya and banjarmasin, indonesia october 2020 to october 2021 - technical director, integrated maritime management pte ltd, singapore undertaking in the format set out in appendix 7.7 under rule 7201 has been submitted to the listed issuer yes shareholding interest in the listed issuer and its subsidiaries no additional information on directors seeking re-election or new appointment pursuant to rule 7206 of the listing manual of the sgx-st name of director: , past for the last 5 years principal commitments, including directorships: , present principal commitments, including directorships: name of director: wan jinn woei, past for the last 5 years principal commitments, including directorships: august 2016 to january 2018 - executive chairman and chief executive officer of imperium crown limited january 2021 to july 2022 - director of cleanbot sdn bhd september 2018 to april 2019 - independent non-executive director of puc berhad january 2021 to july 2022 - director of monterey asia sdn bhd, present principal commitments, including directorships: nil name of director: lee ah too, past for the last 5 years principal commitments, including directorships: october 1998 to june 2019 - audit partner of ernst & young, malaysia, present principal commitments, including directorships: july 2019 to present - corporate finance advisor of top glove sdn bhd april 2022 to present - independent director of poh huat resources holdings berhad name of director: heng chee song peter, past for the last 5 years principal commitments, including directorships: april 2018 to november 2019 - general manager, technical moratus advance maritim, jakarta, surabaya and banjarmasin, indonesia october 2020 to october 2021 - technical director, integrated maritime management pte ltd, singapore, present principal commitments, including directorships: nil "principal commitments" has the same meaning as defined in the code no content was generated for page 119.
no content was generated for page 120.
no content was generated for page 121.
additional information on directors seeking re-election or new appointment pursuant to rule 7206 of the listing manual of the sgx-st name of director heng chee song peter i whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
no ii whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the management or conduct, in singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:- no i any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in singapore or elsewhere; or no ii any entity not being a corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in singapore or elsewhere; or no iii any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in singapore or elsewhere; or no no content was generated for page 123.
no content was generated for page 124.
this page has been intentionally left blank.
forise international limited incorporated in the republic of singapore company registration no.
200804077w proxy form annual general meeting please see notes overleaf before completing this form this proxy form has been made available on sgxnet.
a printed copy of this proxy form will not be despatched to members.
i/we , being a member of forise international limited the "company", hereby appoint: name: , nric/passport/registration no.: , proportion of shareholdings: and/or: name: , nric/passport/registration no.: , proportion of shareholdings: or, if no proxy is named, the chairman of the annual general meeting "agm", as my/our proxy/proxies to attend and vote on my/our behalf at the agm to be convened and held by way of electronic means on thursday, 27 april 2023 at 2.30 p.meter.
and at any adjournment thereof.
appointed proxyies will be prompted via the company’s receipt of a validly completed and submitted proxy form to pre-register at the pre-registration website which is accessible from the url https://conveneagm.com/sg/foriseinternational2023 in order to access the “live” audio-visual webcast or “live” audio-only stream of the agm proceedings.
i/we direct the aforesaid appointed proxy to vote for, or against, or abstain from voting on, the resolutions to be proposed at the agm as indicated hereunder.
delete as appropriate no.: , resolutions relating to:: , no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: ordinary business, resolutions relating to:: , no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: 1., resolutions relating to:: adoption of audited accounts, directors' statement and independent auditors' report for financial year ended 31 december 2022, no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: 2., resolutions relating to:: payment of directors' fees amounting to s$99,000 for financial year ending 31 december 2023, to be paid half-yearly in arrears, no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: 3., resolutions relating to:: re-election of mr.
wan jin woei as a director of the company, no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: 4., resolutions relating to:: re-election of mr.
lee ah too as a director of the company, no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: 5., resolutions relating to:: election of mr.
heng chee song peter as a director of the company, no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: 6., resolutions relating to:: re-appointment of cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation as independent auditors of the company, no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: special business, resolutions relating to:: , no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: no.: 7., resolutions relating to:: authority to directors to allot and issue new shares pursuant to section 161 of the companies act 1967 of singapore, no.
of votes for: , no.
of votes against: , no.
of votes abstain: if you wish to exercise all your votes "for" or "against" or "abstain" please indicate so with a tick √ within the box provided.
alternatively, please indicate the number of votes as appropriate.
if no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies except where the chairman of the agm is appointed as my/our proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his/her/their discretion on any matter arising at the agm, and at any adjournment thereof.
in the absence of specific direction in respect of a resolution, the appointment of the chairman of the agm as my/our proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.
dated this of , 2023.
total number of shares in : , number of shares: : a cdp register, number of shares: : b register of members, number of shares: important: please read notes overleaf important 1.
a relevant intermediary may appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote at the agm please see note 2 for the definition of "relevant intermediary".
2.
investors who hold shares under the supplementary retirement scheme "srs investors" may attend and cast their votes at the virtual agm personally.
if they are unable to attend personally but would like to vote, they should inform their srs operators to appoint the chairman of the agm to act as their proxy, in which case, the srs investor shall be precluded from attending the agm.
3.
this proxy form is not valid for use by srs investors and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or is purported to be used by them.
name nric/passport/company registration number address notes: 1.
please insert the total number of shares held by you.
if you have shares entered against your name in the depositary register as defined in section 81sf of the securities and futures act 2001 of singapore, you should insert that number of shares.
if you have shares registered in your name in the register of members, you should insert that number of shares.
if you have shares entered against your name in the depositary register and shares registered in your name in the register of members, you should insert the aggregate number to all the shares held by you.
2.
the agm will be convened and held by electronic means.
a member of the company whether individual or corporate “member” may personally attend and vote at the agm, or: a.
a member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two 2 proxies to attend and vote in his stead at the agm of the company.
where such member appoints more than one 1 proxy, he/she shall specify the proportion of his/her shareholding to be represented by each proxy.
if no percentage is specified, the first named proxy shall be deemed to be an alternate to the first named proxy; and b.
a member of the company who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two 2 proxies to attend and vote at the agm of the company, but each proxy must be a member of the company, but each proxy must be appointed by the relevant intermediary.
in such event, the relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint a different share 2 proxy, the number of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the proxy form.
in such event, the relevant intermediary shall submit a list of its proxies together with the information required in this proxy form to the company.
3.
in appointing a proxy, if no specific direction as to voting is given by a member, the proxy/proxies except where the chairman of the agm is appointed as the member’s proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his/her/their discretion on any matter arising at the agm and at any adjournment thereof.
in the absence of specific direction as to voting is given by a member, the appointment of the chairman of the agm as the member’s proxy for the relevant resolutions will be treated as invalid.
4.
srs investors who wish to appoint the chairman of the agm as proxy should approach their respective srs operators to submit their votes by 5:00 p.meter.
on 17 april 2023 that is, at least seven 7 working days before the date of the agm in order to allow sufficient time for their respective srs operators to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint the chairman of the agm to vote on their behalf by the cut-off date.
5.
a proxy need not be a member of the company.
6.
the duly executed proxy form must be submitted to the company in the following manner: a by email to contact@foriseinternational.com; or b in hard copy by post to the company's registered office at 15 scotts, 15 scotts road, 04-08, suite 22, singapore 228218.
7.
this instrument of proxy must be signed by the appointor or his/her/its attorney duly authorised in writing.
where the instrument appointing a proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of any officer or attorney duly authorised.
8.
where this instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, copy thereof failing previous registration with the company must be lodged with this instrument of proxy, failing which this instrument of proxy may be treated as invalid.
9.
a corporation which is a member may authorise by a resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the agm, in accordance with section 179 of the companies act 1967 of singapore.
10.
the company shall be entitled to reject the instrument of proxy if it is incomplete, improperly complete, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument of proxy.
11.
in the case of shares entered in the depositary register, a depositor's name must appear on the depositary register maintained by the central depository pte limited as at 72 hours of training per employee before the time fixed for holding the agm in order for the depositor to be entitled to appoint the proxy.
otherwise, the company shall be entitled to reject the instrument of proxy.
personal data privacy by submitting an instrument appointing a proxyies and/or representatives, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the notice of agm dated 12 april 2023.
corporate information board of directors executive directors peng weile leo wan jinn woei non-executive & independent directors siow chee keong lee ah too audit committee siow chee keong chairman lee ah too remuneration committee lee ah too chairman siow chee keong nomination committee lee ah too chairman siow chee keong registered and singapore office 15 scotts, 15 scotts road 04-08, suite 22 singapore 228218 tel no: 6716 9780 company secretary ong wei jin, ll.b.
hons share registrar and share transfer in.corp corporate services pte.
ltd.
formerly known as rht corporate advisory pte.
ltd.
30 cecil street 19-08 prudential tower singapore 049712 independent auditor cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation 80 robinson road 25-00 singapore 068898 director-in-charge: hock xiu min, sandy appointed since financial year ended 31 december 2022 principal banker united overseas bank forise international limited 15 scotts, 15 scotts road 04-08, suite 22 singapore 228218 tel: 6716 9780 fax: 6336 6933 www.foriseinternational.comdollar
