making better possible 2022 sustainability report executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex about the cover 2-1 the title of the 2022 sustainability report sr, making better possible, encapsulates the desire of monde nissin corporation monde nissin or the company to continue to improve as a company, uplifting those around monde nissin in the process.
this title puts a name to monde nissin’s commitment to creating products and relationships for the betterment of the people and the planet.
it is the way monde nissin demonstrates one of its corporate values: care with action.
on the cover is monde nissin’s symbol for sustainability: the north star of its corporate aspiration.
inside each segment of the star is an illustration or an icon representing monde nissin’s sustainability pillars: better food accessibility, eco-efficiency, inclusivity for communities and individuals, and collective action.
at the heart of the north star is a figure representing monde nissin’s stakeholders, who monde nissin believe are central to its sustainability efforts.
table of contents 4 executive messages 10 meet monde nissin 14 sustainability at monde nissin 27 a better economy 33 a better planet 47 a better society 71 upholding ethical governance 83 making collective action possible 85 annex 92 global reporting initiative index 97 contact information executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex about the report 2-1, 2-2, 2-3 the 2022 sr, titled making better possible, is one of the ways monde nissin moves towards greater transparency and engages its stakeholders through the holistic reporting of monde nissin’s economic, environmental, social, and governance impacts and initiatives.
the particular topics within the report were determined after consultations with the company’s key stakeholder groups.
this sr covers the period from january 1 to december 31, 2022.
its scope covers the business and financial information of monde nissin and its uk-based subsidiary monde nissin uk ltd.
mnuk, with the exception of this sr’s monde nissin section which covers the scope of business and financial information of monde nissin and its other subsidiaries.
at the same time, the scope of sustainability-related disclosures covers monde nissin, mnuk, and mnuk’s subsidiaries.
mnuk and mnuk’s subsidiaries are collectively referred to as “quorn foods.” - economic information includes disclosures under the global reporting initiative’s global reporting initiative topic standards covering monde nissin’s and quorn foods’ activities.
- environmental information includes disclosures under the global reporting initiative topic standards covering monde nissin’s plant sites in the philippines, specifically, its batangas, and mnuk’s subsidiary, davao, pampanga, and marlow foods ltd.’s mfl uk locations, specifically in belasis, stokesley, and methwold.
- social information includes disclosures under the global reporting initiative topic standards covering monde nissin’s and quorn foods’ activities, except for disclosures on occupational health and safety ohs, which covers only monde nissin and mfl’s belasis, stokesley, and methwold locations in the uk.
- corporate governance information includes global reporting initiative general disclosures on governance covering only the activities of monde nissin and global reporting initiative topic standards covering both monde nissin and quorn foods.
frameworks and reporting guidelines that inform the manner of disclosing information in the report include the securities and exchange commission’s sec sustainability reporting guideline for publicly-listed companies and the global reporting initiative standards.
this report has been prepared with reference to the global reporting initiative standard.
monde nissin has also referred to the united nations sustainable development goals sdgs for its sustainability reporting to ensure the company’s priority goals are aligned with and contribute to achieving relevant sdgs.
a digital copy of this 2022 sr as an annex of monde nissin’s annual report on form sec 17-a is available at the philippine stock exchange, inc.’s pse’s edge portal at and at monde nissin’s website at .
for feedback, questions, or suggestions, contact monde nissin’s investor relations department at investor.relations@mondenissin.com.
report disclaimer the contents of this communication should not be construed as investment advice, nor as a recommendation or solicitation for any investment by or in monde nissin corporation.
any forward-looking statements contained herein are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting monde nissin corporation and its subsidiaries.
they are not historical facts, nor are they guarantees of future performance.
monde nissin corporation and its subsidiaries disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from any reliance, in full or in part, of the contents of this sr.
ceo's letter to stakeholders 2-22 to our valued stakeholders, our journey as a company is an ongoing process firmly rooted in monde nissin’s corporate aspiration: to improve the well-being of people and the planet, and create sustainable solutions for food security.
since becoming a publicly-listed company in june 2021, the company has made significant strides in running a more sustainable, responsible business.
managing through headwinds in 2022, issues relating to food insecurity were all the more highlighted on the macroeconomic level, where global food prices reached record peaks for key commodities such as wheat and palm oil.
the united nations' food and agriculture organization reported that key factors in the year’s global market instability included climate variability and political circumstances.
monde nissin corporation executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex monde nissin logo yearly, the effects of climate change increase in intensity, disrupting livelihoods, production, and ecology.
countries vulnerable to the effects of climate change, some of which are major producers of key agricultural commodities, are experiencing the domino effect that extreme weather conditions have on business.
furthermore, sociopolitical factors, including export restrictions and geopolitical tension catalyzed by the russia-ukraine war, hinder the flow of goods and subsequently, the availability of imported resources.
as a food and beverage business, monde nissin witnessed firsthand how these socio-environmental factors can create significant impacts on the stability of the industry.
at the same time, monde nissin’s corporate aspiration reminds us that we must also create our own solutions where we can.
the challenges of the year have only sharpened our resolve to achieve sustainable food solutions.
with our commitment to providing our consumers with accessible food, one of the concerns for monde nissin in 2022 was how we could continue to keep our products affordable amid inflationary pressures.
we did so while staying pragmatic in our fiscal management, balancing the stability of our business and ensuring we could remain resilient while sustaining the affordability of our products.
we were mindful of our price increases considering the impact it has on our consumers.
ensuring food accessibility also meant pursuing our strategies for growth and expanding the reach of our products.
on the local level, we continued to grow our community distribution network cdn composed of independent brand experts – individuals from our local communities that distribute monde nissin products, gaining a new source of livelihood.
more than delivering affordable food to our consumers, monde nissin continues to innovate our products, we implemented fortification and sodium reduction initiatives while seeking out more ways to improve the nutritional profile of our products.
this is hand-in-hand with our sustainability strategy as consumer satisfaction and safety continue to be of utmost concern to us in 2022.
monde nissin’s stakeholders are assured of the quality of our food products, which undergo a number of quality and food safety management measures and are all registered pursuant to, and are compliant with the local regulations of the markets we operate in.
image of a woman putting quorn product in a freezer image of a woman with a shopping cart filled with monde nissin products monde nissin corporation logo 5 executive messages monde nissin logo sustainability at monde nissin maintaining well-loved brands despite the challenges brought about by the inflationary environment and other headwinds, monde nissin ended the year 2022 with a strong performance from our well-loved brands.
the group’s revenue in 2022 grew to philippine peso 73.9 billion, a 6.6% increase from 2021.
our asia pacific branded food and beverage business apac bfb business saw an 8.2% increase in net sales year-on-year.
our meat alternative business meat alternative business, quorn foods, grew its market share to 32.5% for the fourth quarter of 2022, supported by the food service segment where its products were able to reach more schools, quick service restaurants, and hospitals in the uk.
as a testament to our business’ commitment to creating brands that consumers can appreciate, our instant noodles brand lucky me was recognized by the kantar brand footprint report for 2021 as the brand of the decade and 1 most chosen brand in the philippines for the eighth year.
lucky me award lucky me award improving the future moving forward, we at monde nissin continue to focus on executing long-term growth and pursuing a sustainable future of food.
in fact, the challenges of the year have only served as a reminder to us that more can be achieved when we set our expertise, technology, and culture of innovation into motion.
in the coming years, we will continue to build our portfolio and innovate our products to bring food that is affordable, accessible, and healthier to the market and work toward making better food accessibility possible.
here, our sustainability strategy will guide our manufacturing operations to adopt practices that are environmentally responsible.
while we have several wins in making eco-efficiency possible, there are still opportunities to pursue greener operations.
to share our future growth with our stakeholders, including our local communities, we will expand our cdn to include more independent brand experts in making inclusive growth possible.
within the company, we will continue to empower our co-workers, making collective action possible to spur greater innovation and work hand-in-hand toward a sustainable future.
to all our stakeholders who have constantly been supporting monde nissin and its vision, thank you for standing by us.
we remain committed to creating a future of food where taste, health, and the well-being of the planet are all satisfied.
henry soesanto chief executive officer footer with icons 6 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex bettermondebetterworld chief sustainability officer's message 2-22 dear stakeholders, sustainability has always been a part of our operations at monde nissin.
through our 2022 sr, we declare not only our economic, environmental, social, and governance eesg impacts and share with you our sustainability journey through responsible reporting, but also our intention to make genuine strides toward sustainability.
it all starts with our corporate aspiration that outlines what monde nissin has set out to achieve – sustainable solutions for food security.
on the global scale, hunger continues to be a challenge.
the united nations un reported that, since 2019, the prevalence of undernourishment rose, and hundreds of millions suffer hunger around the world.
we at monde nissin believe that the solution to world hunger is sustainable food.
according to the un committee on world food security, being "food secure" means that one has physical, social, and economic access to sufficient, safe, and nutritious food that meets one's dietary needs and food preferences for an active and healthy life.
in the context of the food industry, becoming a business that contributes to sustainable development means becoming able to satisfy appetites and fill needs sustainably – making them in a manner that is socially beneficial, economically viable, and environmentally sound.
monde nissin corporation 7 executive messages making better possible® recognizing the company's role in this, monde nissin seeks to contribute to sustainable development with innovations and internal improvements geared toward food security.
in 2021, we launched the making better possible campaign to better communicate our sustainability commitments and strategy to our internal stakeholders.
its foundational goal is to connect with stakeholders at a personal level, in order to inculcate sustainability into the general mindset of monde nissin.
we begin with onboarding our colleagues and enabling them to join the effort in making better possible®.
our sustainability framework, which is discussed further on page 20, ultimately guided the development of our strategy and roadmap.
the journey so far to further concretize the pursuit of our corporate aspiration, monde nissin set north star targets under each one of its sustainability strategic pillars.
as of 2022, guided by our aspirations, we have made significant progress on our targets, which would not have been possible without the concerted efforts of our senior leadership and our colleagues.
key achievements for monde nissin’s sustainability strategic pillars in 2022 making better food accessibility possible a majority revenue share of fortified products and noodle products with reduced sodium.
making eco-efficiency possible shifted most of our plants to renewable energy resulting in a significant decrease in our greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions.
other initiatives also led to significant reductions in our energy consumption and water intensity.
making inclusivity possible provided livelihood opportunities through our cdn.
making collective action possible enabled our product supply teams to set individual targets and suggest solutions while building their capabilities in line with monde nissin's culture of innovation for making eco-efficiency possible.
through product reformulation and sustainable innovation in our products and production processes, we aim to create food that is healthier and resource efficient.
during the year, we successfully increased to 15% the revenue share of our fortified biscuit and packaged cake products.
combining this with the percentage share to total revenue of our fortified noodle products, our fortified noodle revenue in 2022.
our environmental wins, on the other hand, are overlapping achievements in making eco-efficiency possible and making collective action possible.
with employee participation being crucial in making the corporate aspiration a priority, we focused on changing mindsets, building capacity, and enabling our product supply product supply or ps teams across each of our manufacturing plants to devise sustainable solutions that are tailor-fit to the context of their respective workplaces.
lastly, our cdn continues to provide livelihood opportunities to members of our local communities.
in 2022, we grew our cdn to reach 20% of our target number of independent brand experts for monde nissin products by 2030. 8 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex the next course reflecting on monde nissin's progress assures me that our intentions are being turned into action and, at the same time, reminds me that we have much more to improve on as a company.
while we accelerate our business operations and growth, we also aspire to become a business that remains responsible and sustainable.
this sr is a nod toward this commitment as we lay our performance and progress bare for our stakeholders to consider.
with the year 2022 done, monde nissin is looking forward to another year of milestones alongside our stakeholders.
armed with more insights and the commitment to do better, we are better equipped now, more than ever, to reach for our goals and develop stronger action plans moving forward.
marivic ng cajucom-uy chief sustainability officer monde nissin corporation 9 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex meet monde nissin 2-1 monde nissin is among the frontrunners in the food manufacturing industry in the philippines with a portfolio of various iconic and well-recognized brands.
the company operates with the aspiration to improve the well-being of people and planet, and create sustainable solutions for food security.
these values are reflected in its product innovations and various aspects of its operations that create value for society and contribute to sustainable development.
monde nissin, together with its subsidiaries, operate manufacturing plants or sales offices in the philippines, thailand, singapore, new zealand, uk, usa, netherlands, germany, and sweden.
the company's sustainability initiatives are governed and managed by the following bodies: - board of directors: the board of directors is the highest governing body of monde nissin.
- management: the management, comprising the ceo and top-level cross-functional leaders below the level of the board of directors, is responsible for providing strategic guidance across business units, sites, and functions and determining sustainability goals, initiatives, and commitments.
- sustainability leadership team: the sustainability leadership team, composed of the corporate sustainability department heads, is in charge of engaging relevant stakeholders to generate inputs that are relevant in developing the strategies, goals, and initiatives for monde nissin in relation to sustainability driving strategy execution and tracking areas and material topics.
- sustainability operations team: the sustainability operations team, composed of monde nissin's sustainability work teams and subject matter experts, are responsible for the integrated initiatives and programs in day-to-day operations needed for achieving sustainability goals.
monde nissin corporation 10 business segments monde nissin and its subsidiaries' the group's two core businesses are i the apac bfb business, and sales of the quorn and cauldon meat alternatives brands.
apac bfb business the group operates the apac bfb business through monde nissin and its wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, as well as joint ventures and established collaborations with other fast-moving consumer goods fmcg players.
the apac bfb business comprises three product groups with the following key brands: instant noodles lucky me pancit canton was launched in 1991 – the first dry stir-fried pouched noodles in the philippine market.
lucky me has grown into an iconic brand consumed by 98.9% of filipino households in 2022, based on kantar's panel data.
additionally, it continues to be the most chosen consumer brand in terms of consumer reach points as of the latest brand footprint study by kantar 2021.
it is the 8th year that lucky me has secured the top position, making it brand of the decade.
biscuits monde nissin's biscuits category is home to popular crackers, sandwiches, cookies, and wafers through the skyflakes, fita, m.y.
san grahams, bingo, and nissin brands.
throughout decades, these brands have built a legacy.
monde nissin has a track record of introducing innovative, new uses for its existing products.
for example, m.y.
san grahams, an ingredient in homemade desserts, is being used by small businesses as a key ingredient because of its versatility, resulting in new cakes and other dessert products.
other products - the products of the apac bfb group under others are packaged baked goods, beverages, culinary aids, and fresh bread.
flagship brands contributing to the apac bfb business, market-leading position include: mama sita’s for culinary aids; and dutch mill for yogurt drinks.
monde nissin markets the various brands under its others product group domestically in the philippines.
the company manufactures, distributes, and markets monde packaged bakery products.
monde represents the apac bfb group’s product initiative to venture into the mass premium bakery segment.
monde was the first brand in the philippines to offer bakeshop-quality cakes and pastries made with real eggs and fresh ingredients.
smfc is the manufacturer of monde bread, and walter bread, a healthy product line offering bread that contains fiber and wheat and has low or no sugar.
in 2006 and 2016, monde nissin entered into distribution agreements with dairy plus co., ltd.
and dutch mill co.
ltd., respectively, where monde nissin became the exclusive distributor of dutch mill yogurt products and cultured milk in the philippines.
in 2010, monde nissin expanded its relationship with dutch mill to include marketing by monde nissin of dutch mill products.
in 2014, monde nissin also entered a 20-year distribution, marketing and sales development agreement to establish an agency relationship with sandpiper spices and condiments corp., the manufacturer of mama sita’s branded products, to exclusively market and distribute mama sita’s products in the philippines.
these products include oyster sauce and meal mixes and sauces.
mama sita’s is a legacy brand with rich culinary heritage well-established in the philippine market.
monde nissin corporation meat alternative business monde nissin's single largest commitment to 2015 to acquire mfl, which produces, markets, and distributes the meat alternative brands quorn and cauldron.
quorn is quorn foods' flagship brand.
all quorn-branded products contain mycoprotein which has high fiber, high protein, low saturated fat, and zero cholesterol.
mycoprotein is a sustainable source of protein.
according to a report published in 2018 by carbon trust, a non-profit company providing specialist support on sustainability, the production of mycoprotein-based quorn mince results in only 7%, 11%, and 8% of beef's carbon, land, and water footprint, respectively.
similarly, the production of mycoprotein-based quorn pieces results in 29% and 34% of chicken's carbon, land, and water footprint, respectively.
the process of making mycoprotein is "net protein positive" which means that the process results in higher protein content in the food system than where the process begins.
mycoprotein is now produced using over 88% of green energy.
quorn-branded products satisfy a wide range of eating experiences, including food on-the-go, scratch cooking, convenience and meal centers, and are sold in a number of countries around the world.
cauldron products are sold in the uk and the republic of ireland.
all cauldron products are suitable for vegetarians and cauldron tofu and falafel are suitable for vegans.
cauldron products offer alternative sources of protein that complement quorn products.
priorities for the meat alternative business include: maintain category leadership in the united kingdom - quorn food's uk business includes quorn's mycoprotein-based products and cauldron plant-based foods.
according to iri, quorn foods is the market leader with the uk meat alternatives, quorn and cauldron being the no. 1 and no. 4 brands, respectively.
quorn foods held a combined retail grocery share of 31.7% for the past 52 weeks as of december 2022, which is a 1.5% increase compared to 2021 iri 31 december 2022.
foodservice and quick-serve restaurants qsr - quorn foods' foodservice and qsr business allows it to cater to and partner with third party food service and qsr establishments, bringing quorn foods' products specifically developed for the foodservice channel or menu items co-developed with the customer.
continue to develop research and development r&d and new product development npd capability - quorn foods continues to invest in its r&d and npd capability in 2022 with the creation of a nutrition science team and refocusing development teams into three levels of innovation; incremental npd centered squarely on quorn foods' service businesses, breakthrough innovation requiring the development of 'new to quorn' capabilities and transformational science and technology with a particular focus on biotechnology and exploration of new mycoprotein applications.
traditional protein production is unsustainable, and increasing quorn foods' production to help it reach a wider consumer base would aid in addressing food security.
quorn foods has developed a versatile and extensive portfolio offering vegan and vegetarian products that are alternatives for poultry, beef, pork, and fish.
these products are suitable for different meal occasions and needs, whether it is breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacking, or food-on-the-go.
monde nissin corporation 13 no content was generated for page 13.
executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex "sustainability is core to monde nissin's corporate aspiration." creating monde nissin's integrated sustainability strategy milestone 3 setting up monitoring systems and monde nissin's sustainability governance structure milestone 5 milestone 1 building a more sustainable product portfolio with quorn milestone 2 establishing monde nissin's sustainability foundations milestone 4 embedding sustainability into monde nissin's operations milestone 6 creating platforms for monde nissin's employees to take action where we are now monde nissin corporation 15 sustainability at monde nissin starting point: "sustainability is core to monde nissin's corporate aspiration." monde nissin recrafted its mission and vision to create the company's corporate aspiration: "we aspire to improve the well-being of people and the planet and create sustainable solutions for food security." this statement synthesizes the company's drive to create food that addresses the food security problem through a responsible value chain.
monde nissin's sustainability milestones have been and are rooted in this aspiration.
milestone 1: building a more sustainable product portfolio with quorn quorn foods is the leader in the meat alternatives market in the uk, leveraging technology to create a mycoprotein-based meat alternative that consumes fewer resources during production and replicates the taste and texture of actual meat.
in 2015, monde nissin acquired mfl.
the addition of the makers of the revolutionary mycoprotein-based meat alternative to the group's portfolio was a catalyst for gearing monde nissin's products towards sustainability.
guided by its corporate aspiration and inspired by the work of quorn foods, monde nissin continues to actively find more ways for the company to make its own business more environmentally and socially responsible.
.
monde nissin corporation 16 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex milestone 2: establishing monde nissin's sustainability foundations monde nissin's next big step in paving its sustainability journey was the process of building a unified definition of sustainability for the company, and to identify the topics material to the company's sustainability journey through a materiality determination process.
monde nissin defined these in its framework and principles.
monde nissin corporation 17 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex monde nissin's sustainability principles monde nissin's sustainability principles guide the integration of sustainability in the company's business strategy.
the sustainability principles cover areas that monde nissin refers to in order to improve decision-making when addressing sustainability issues and opportunities within the company.
products monde nissin provides nutritious, accessible, sustainable and great-tasting food options that enhance consumers' well-being.
national economy monde nissin promotes the equitable flow of value to its stakeholders and creates opportunities for the domestic market as it scales its positive impacts with its suppliers.
environment monde nissin innovates its end-to-end processes and adopts the best available technologies to be more efficient in using limited resources and achieving low carbon operations and pursuing its zero waste-to-nature initiative in collaboration with partners across the value chain.
governance monde nissin is an ethical organization that embraces good corporate governance and upholds a culture of integrity, accountability, and trust.
people monde nissin creates an inclusive and fair workplace that fosters caring and collaborative culture, empowers people to reach their full potential, and promotes sustainability as a way of life.
future readiness monde nissin continuously develops its environmental, social, and economic business strategies to actively shape the future of the food industry in a way that benefits society, the planet, and the company.
local communities monde nissin grows responsibly where it operates by sharing economic opportunities with local communities and supporting community development programs that create livelihoods and uplift lives.
monde nissin corporation 18 sustainability at monde nissin materiality process and stakeholder engagement 2-29, 3-1 determining material topics is key to understanding the areas where a business simultaneously creates the most impact in and is most capable of acting on.
monde nissin mapped its overall aspiration against global sustainability issues to understand and scope the topics that were most material to it.
after identifying, categorizing, and validating material global sustainability issues, monde nissin placed these issues on a materiality matrix to determine the extent of change it can effect on such issues while factoring in the issues' impact on the company's business gains and future success.
monde nissin also engaged with its employees, customers, and suppliers through focus group discussions and online surveys, while departmental representatives who directly engage with other stakeholder groups were interviewed.
the inputs gathered from the entire stakeholder engagement were used to inform the company’s sustainability strategy by seeking out various perspectives.
monde nissin’s governance leaders reviewed the materiality determination's results and were involved in its finalization. 19 monde nissin's sustainability framework and material topics 3-2 monde nissin developed a sustainability framework that captures its identified material economic, environmental, social, and governance topics.
purpose well-being of the people and planet + create sustainable solutions for food security value to society addressing food security - resource efficiency - water usage - materials efficiency - climate impacts - energy usage - greenhouse gas emissions - waste management - solid and hazardous waste - wastewater and effluents - food loss - plastic footprint - avoidance and reduction - recyclability - post-consumer waste - responsible sourcing - raw material traceability - supplier environmental and social assessment - local sourcing key impacts - human capital development - employee management - diversity and inclusion - employee benefits - labor-management relations - training and development - occupational health and safety - responsible growth in local communities - jobs created and supported - inclusive distribution - local employment - local community development - csr programs - calamity response - business performance - economic performance - good governance - consumers - product accessibility - better and healthier products - product quality and safety - responsible marketing - complaint management - promoting holistic well-being corporate governance mnc board of directors as supported by legal and compliance, risk, and corporate internal audit monde nissin corporation 20 notes: the image is a visual representation of monde nissin's sustainability framework.
it highlights key areas of focus, such as resource efficiency, waste management, responsible sourcing, human capital development, and local community development.
the framework aims to create a sustainable future for food security.
milestone 3: creating monde nissin's integrated sustainability strategy monde nissin identified priority strategic areas where the company is best positioned to create positive economic, environmental, and social impacts, and reduce negative impacts while delivering business value.
these are presented in the company’s sustainability roadmap.
from the sustainability framework, monde nissin selected four pillars that best embody its overall sustainability strategy and initiatives.
the company also referred to the sdgs to ensure that its priority goals are aligned with and contribute to achieving the relevant sdg targets.
sustainability roadmap strategic pillars: , product: , planet: , people: , partnership: strategic pillars: , product: making better food accessibility possible monde nissin develops healthier great-tasting, affordable, and more sustainable products., planet: making eco-efficiency possible monde nissin cares for the planet by managing its environmental footprint., people: making inclusivity possible monde nissin nurtures people by promoting better workplace practices, reaching out to communities, and creating livelihood opportunities., partnership: making collective action possible monde nissin forms partnerships to foster meaningful change.
strategic pillars: , product: , planet: , people: , partnership: strategic pillars: , product: , planet: 50% reduction in the scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025. 50% reduction in the water intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025.
zero waste-to-landfill from manufacturing operations by 2025 95% recycle-ready packaging by 2025, people: 5,000 independent brand experts and 25,000 sari-sari stores provided with livelihood opportunities, and financial credit for sari-sari stores, by 2030.
diverse workforce all enjoying access to social safeguards and dialogue, and competency development by 2025., partnership: 100% of employees observing that sustainability is embraced in the way people act and decide in the company by 2030.
strategic pillars: , product: , planet: , people: , partnership: strategic pillars: north star targets, product: majority revenue share of better and healthier products by 2030., planet: , people: , partnership: strategic pillars: other un sdgs supported, product: , planet: , people: , partnership: monde nissin corporation milestone 4: embedding sustainability into monde nissin's operations monde nissin attributed its targets to particular departments or cross-functional teams with the objective of building a sense of ownership and empowering leaders to integrate sustainability into their functional, divisional, or business unit strategies.
they have a mandate to set targets and develop specific initiatives to achieve company-wide sustainability goals and drive the sustainability agenda.
they execute initiatives by deploying their own resources.
the company cascaded its sustainability strategy from management to its different departments and employees to better bring together a concerted effort to achieve its corporate aspiration.
the goals set throughout the company balance achieving sustainable operations and maintaining the stability of the business.
warehouse with forklift monde nissin corporation 22 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex milestone 5: setting up monitoring systems and monde nissin’s sustainability governance structure monde nissin is strengthening its monitoring systems to enable better progress review by the board of directors, management, and sustainability work teams.
monde nissin’s product supply teams also developed a visual review process that allows them to monitor other plants’ progress towards their respective targets, supporting comparability and collaboration.
sustainability governance 2-12, 2-13, 2-14 the board of directors and top-level management are responsible for overseeing the company’s overall performance and providing strategic direction, while the sustainability leadership team works with the sustainability operations teams to implement sustainable practices.
role: , review platform: , frequency: role: board of directors, review platform: - approval of the sustainability policy and framework., frequency: role: , review platform: - provide strategic guidance on sustainability goals and initiatives, and oversight, frequency: role: , review platform: over material sustainability issues and company response., frequency: annual role: , review platform: , frequency: role: board committee corporate governance,, review platform: , frequency: role: nomination, and, review platform: - review and endorsement of the sustainability policy and framework to, frequency: role: remuneration committee, review platform: the board., frequency: role: , review platform: - provide oversight over the implementation of sustainability policy and, frequency: role: , review platform: framework, frequency: annual role: , review platform: , frequency: role: management team, review platform: - provide strategic guidance across business units, sites, and functions and, frequency: role: , review platform: determine sustainability goals, initiatives, and commitments., frequency: role: , review platform: - review and monitor progress of sustainability initiatives., frequency: annual role: , review platform: , frequency: role: sustainability leadership team, review platform: - engage relevant stakeholders to generate inputs that are relevant in, frequency: role: , review platform: developing strategies, goals and initiatives.
team members are responsible for, frequency: role: , review platform: driving strategy execution and tracking performance on sustainability focus, frequency: role: , review platform: areas and material topics., frequency: quarterly role: , review platform: , frequency: role: sustainability operations, review platform: , frequency: role: sustainability work teams,, review platform: - responsible for integrating initiatives and programs in day-to-day operations, frequency: role: subject matter experts, review platform: to achieve sustainability goals., frequency: role: , review platform: - responsible for tracking progress versus commitments and reporting progress., frequency: monthly role: , review platform: , frequency: notes: - the sustainability policy and framework document outlines monde nissin’s sustainability strategy and implementation plan.
- the sustainability operations team is responsible for the day-to-day management of monde nissin’s sustainability programs.
- the sustainability leadership team is responsible for providing strategic guidance and oversight over the sustainability operations team.
- this visual review process allows monde nissin to track the progress of its sustainability initiatives and to ensure that it is meeting its sustainability goals.
monde nissin logo executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex the highest governance body of monde nissin is its board of directors, which together with management, provides oversight over the 2022 annual and sustainability report and its generation process.
management and other leaders are directly involved in the materiality review and stakeholder engagement, data collection, report writing, and printing, assisted by advisors and consultants.
monde nissin's legal and compliance, risk, and audit teams, collaborate and coordinate with the board, management, the sustainability leadership team, and other contributors to this sr in enhancing the integration and reliability of reports and disclosures.
among the board of directors’ responsibilities are ensuring that monde nissin has a clear and focused policy on the disclosure of non-financial information, providing details on monde nissin’s management of economic, environmental, social, and governance issues affecting the business, if any, and adopting a globally recognized standard in reporting sustainability and non-financial issues.
the board of directors provides oversight over the sustainability program as spearheaded by the chief sustainability officer.
progress made towards the company’s goals is evaluated by management.
other relevant teams and departments extend support where necessary.
milestone 6: creating platforms for monde nissin’s employees to take action with the belief that the proper mindset is key to enacting change, monde nissin kickstarted the making better possible® campaign to align its employees and allow them to contribute to the corporate aspiration and the company’s sustainable development in their own way.
the campaign involved cascading information on sustainability concepts and monde nissin’s initiatives.
the following are monde nissin’s platforms for employee participation and volunteerism which are rooted in the company’s corporate aspiration and strategic pillars.
making better possible logo meatless monday logo making better possible a day when the company’s canteens go plant-rich, allowing its people to seek healthier and more sustainable food options.
better site monde logo making better possible workplace policies and programs that promote responsible resource management and conservation.
we@mnc care logo making better possible an employee-driven community involvement program that aims to respond to the needs of its neighboring communities, pulling together help and volunteerism from monde nissin’s people.
better me, better monde logo making better possible a series of programs and campaigns geared towards health and wellness, encouraging practices for improving one’s well-being to keep everyone at their best performance.
monde nissin corporation 24 sustainability at monde nissin feature story: sustainability in action at monde nissin's davao plant monde nissin's manufacturing sites across the country do their part in driving environmental and social efforts within their operations.
highlighted here is the davao plant's consistent engagement and collaboration with their employees, working hand in hand towards the company's sustainability causes.
every monday, the davao plant hosts meatless mondays, a campaign that promotes planet-friendly diets and provides employees with free plant-based meals.
the rule is simple: on meatless mondays, no meat is served in the canteen.
alternatives such as soy and tofu are made by the canteen to ensure appetites are satisfied.
this initiative is in line with monde nissin's belief that by reducing consumption of meat, one can both decrease one's carbon footprint and improve nutrition.
in addition to meatless mondays, the plant also implemented a single-use plastic ban before the pandemic.
plastic bags have been prohibited in the workplace, encouraging staff to bring their own eco-bags or rent reusable bags at the entrance.
this has resulted in several employee behaviors that lessen plastic waste, including reduced fast food delivery orders and increased use of water flasks and tumblers.
the employees' sustainable practices don'tonnes stop there.
the davao workforce was engaged in a much-anticipated coastal clean-up and mangrove-planting program, which provided a large number of participants with first-hand experience of the effects of plastic trash on water bodies and a greater appreciation for projects of this kind.
finally, during the christmas season, a bazaar within the site was organized where staff members had the opportunity to use their business skills by selling homemade goods or secondhand items, with zero plastic packaging in sight.
for packaging, many workers were encouraged staff to recycle materials by donating a minimum of 5% of their daily gross sales to a partner organization called cavanis sister's convent, an organization that provides free education for poor children and youth.
collectively, these initiatives promote a sustainability mindset within the monde nissin workforce, encouraging everyone to be more conscious of their own impact on the planet and society and to act accordingly.
staff members preparing for the christmas bazaar monde nissin corporation executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex where we are now in 2022, monde nissin continued to find ways to improve its internal systems to better support the monitoring and execution of sustainability-related activities.
this includes monitoring associated risks and opportunities and promoting a company-wide sustainability mindset.
monde nissin’s north star targets are the company’s way of operationalizing its sustainability goals, which it believes it can only achieve through a sustainability-committed leadership and a concerted effort across all levels of the business.
to promote a unified approach to sustainability that places value in the collaborative contributions of its employees, monde nissin prioritizes building capabilities and a sustainability culture.
during the year, the company made several strides toward reaching its economic, environmental, and social targets.
strategic pillars making better food accessibility possible making eco-efficiency possible making inclusivity possible making collective action possible north star targets majority revenue share of better and healthier products by 2030 50% reduction in the scope 1 & scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025 50% reduction in the water intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025 zero waste-to-landfill from manufacturing operations by 2025 95% recycle-ready packaging by 2025 5,000 independent brand experts and 25,000 sari-sari stores provided with livelihood opportunities and financial credit, respectively, by 2030 diverse workforce all enjoying access to social safeguards and dialogue, and competency development by 2025 100% of employees observing that sustainability is embraced in the way people act and decide in the company by 2030 2022 progress 70% revenue share of fortified product portfolio 59% revenue share of sodium-reduced noodle products 23% reduction vs. 2021 baseline 23% reduction vs. 2021 baseline 5% of waste generated from monde nissin’s manufacturing operations was disposed to landfill 94% recycle-ready packaging material in terms of volume 1,000 independent brand experts provided with livelihood partnered with dti’s small business corporation in the implementation of rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program catering to micro, small, and medium enterprises msmes that sell fast-moving consumer goods. 100% of employees with above minimum wage 100% of employees with medical benefits 36% female workers in the workforce and 49% in management positions 13.2 average training hours of training per employee per regular employee launched the making better possible® campaign and provided platforms for employees to take action priority sdgs this covers products fortified with essential nutrients based on fda standards for lucky me noodles, monde nissin biscuits and monde nissin packaged cakes.
executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex a better economy making inclusivity possible is about working toward inclusive growth for monde nissin's host communities and creating positive economic impacts.
monde nissin's north star targets monde nissin's progress - 5,000 independent brand experts and 25,000 sari-sari stores provided with livelihood opportunities and financial credit for sari-sari stores by 2030.
- more than 1,000 independent brand experts are part of monde nissin's cdn.
- collaborated with government-owned small business corporation in the implementation of rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program catering to msmes that sell fast-moving consumer goods.
monde nissin corporation 27 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex economic performance 3-3, 201-2 monde nissin monde nissin contributes to economic development and creates opportunities for the domestic market through its operations.
this includes both directly generated revenues from the business as well as monde nissin’s contributions to the economy in the form of job creation, local procurement, and payments to the government by way of taxes.
in managing climate change risks such as inventory damage and supply chain disruption due to extreme weather conditions, the company has insurance policies to cover damaged inventories and its environmental initiative that focus on eco-efficiency to minimize negative environmental impacts.
external factors such as macroeconomic conditions, consumer preferences, and competition, however, may influence monde nissin’s economic value generated.
for example, the pricing of monde nissin’s raw and packaging materials may increase due to inflation and impact the margins of its products.
changing economic conditions, income levels, and seasonality also affect consumer preferences, which thereby impact sales.
additionally, there is the existence of competition from domestic producers, imported products, and foreign brands.
overall, monde nissin leverages operational synergy, long-term forward contracting to lock prices, diversification, and improvements to its product quality and customer service to address external risks that may decrease economic value generated and distributed.
climate change also poses potential risks to the company’s financial standing.
these come in the form of physical risks where the supply chain, inventories and fixed assets, and pricing are affected by extreme weather conditions.
as of the end of 2022, net sales grew by 9.5%, from philippine peso 51.4 billion in 2021 to philippine peso 56.3 billion in 2022.
cost of goods sold increased by 15.5%, from philippine peso 36.4 billion in 2021 to philippine peso 42.0 billion in 2022, primarily due to elevated commodity prices partly because of commodity lock-ins entered earlier in the year.
cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales increased by 3.9 percentage points, from 70.8% in 2021 to 74.7% in 2022.
gross profit decreased by 5.2% from philippine peso 15.0 billion in 2021 to philippine peso 14.2 billion in 2022.
to manage these potential risks, monde nissin intends to continue innovating its products and maintaining a balanced portfolio with a high contribution of customer staples.
to stay up to date with evolving consumer preferences and maintain brand loyalty, the company also established several communication initiatives that include those that promote sustained consumption of its products throughout the year to counter seasonality.
the diversification of monde nissin’s product mix also reduces the specific seasonality impact of certain products.
current processes in place for monitoring monde nissin’s economic performance include monthly profit proofing and management business review.
moving forward, the company will continue to pursue product innovation, loss-eliminating processes, and work system innovations to improve product quality and consumer experience, and contribute to monde nissin’s eco-efficiency and sustainable development goals.
monde nissin corporation notes: this section includes information on monde nissin’s economic performance, the factors that influence it, and the risks they face.
it also outlines the company’s strategies for mitigating these risks and achieving sustainable growth.
quorn foods quorn foods’ strategy is designed to support the purpose of the business: “to provide healthy food for people and the planet” and focuses on three key areas.
first, to continue with business transformation including accelerating research and development and new product development, energizing the quorn brand, and building on key customer relationships across the retail, foodservice, and qsr channels.
second, to capture the next phase of growth across key markets by strengthening its category leadership in the uk, growing its presence in the foodservice channel, and increasing quorn foods’ penetration in the global qsr channel.
third, to continue to invest in developing quorn foods’ r&d and npd capabilities.
quorn foods prepares annual budgets which are approved at the board level, and long term financial forecasts to assess enterprise value.
the business prepares regular forecasts in order to adjust its strategies if required.
quorn foods regularly reviews all components of its forecasts in order to take any necessary steps to remedy negative impacts.
projects that have a positive financial impact are developed starting with a feasibility study prior to working up a business case for approval and implementation.
quorn foods is currently targeting significant cost reduction programs over the coming years such as those for solar energy and insourcing product manufacturing.
the business recently initiated an ingredients business unit to explore opportunities in the business-to-business sector.
direct economic value generated and distributed in philippine peso thousands table: direct economic value generated and distributed disclosure: , monde nissin: , quorn foods: disclosure: direct economic value generated revenue, monde nissin: 56,257,603, quorn foods: 15,327,670 disclosure: direct economic value distributed:, monde nissin: , quorn foods: disclosure: a.
operating costs, monde nissin: 6,275,213, quorn foods: 3,211,297 disclosure: b.
employee wages and benefits, monde nissin: 3,224,824, quorn foods: 3,814,998 disclosure: c.
payments to suppliers, other operating costs, monde nissin: 40,982,725, quorn foods: 10,092,046 disclosure: d.
dividends given to stockholders and interest payments to loan providers, monde nissin: 2,598,058, quorn foods: 182,437 disclosure: e.
taxes given to government, monde nissin: 2,158,728, quorn foods: 147,905 disclosure: f.
investments to community, monde nissin: 27,485, quorn foods: 10,071 note: this table presents the direct economic value generated and distributed by monde nissin and quorn foods. 29 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex feature story: collaborating to empower filipino msmes monde nissin collaborated with government-owned small business corporation to launch rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program for msmes.
the loan program aims to bolster msmes and amplify their successes after the challenges brought by the pandemic.
rise up tindahan targets sari-sari stores, retail stores, dealers, and distributors under the network of partner fmcg companies.
the program gives filipinos throughout the supply chain the opportunity for financial support by providing loans of up to php 5 million.
monde nissin corporation 30 procurement practices 3-3 monde nissin local sourcing is a practice that minimizes shipping and storage and increases local revenue among suppliers in the area.
with this in mind, monde nissin actively searches for local suppliers and to manage supply chain disruption-related risks and to promote local economic development.
less shipping distance also results in less logistical efforts and inventory.
as part of its purchasing policy, monde nissin tries to limit the importation of raw materials only to those not readily available in the philippines or when there are concerns relating to the quality, supply, or price of local raw materials.
imported materials consume more fuel due to distance and thus, contribute to carbon emissions.
specific to its production is the procurement of palm oil.
to address environmental and social concerns related to this area, the company is exploring further assessments on sustainability criteria.
the company is also aware that excessive procurement may result in increased waste.
monde nissin reuses packaging materials such as totes, plastic corrugated boards, and crates.
however, it currently does not have an available alternative for non-recyclable laminates, which it aims to resolve to better align with its eco-efficiency goals.
to better manage environmental, social, and governance risks within the supply chain, such as weather disturbances and supply chain disruptions, monde nissin constantly reviews its supply chain resilience.
it has practices in place to mitigate the risk of volatile prices caused by supply chain disruptions.
a specific procurement policy is currently undergoing review within the company alongside a review of alternative materials sourcing.
this is a continuous improvement process being conducted by the npd department.
for 2023, the company is aiming for better benchmarking practices, value creation through increased governance, collaboration and strategic sourcing with vendors, and talent development.
monde nissin corporation 31 quorn foods quorn foods looks to optimize its procurement of materials through tendering, forward contracts, and other purchasing strategies to balance the economic and operational needs of the business.
it has various policies that cover procurement practices including delegations of authority to ensure segregation of duties and approval at appropriate levels of seniority and anti-corruption policies, among others.
quorn foods undertakes regular reviews at the senior management level for all procured items.
existing practices and policies serve to ensure that quorn foods remains as optimized as possible with regard to the security of supply and economic impact on the business.
the business undertakes regular analysis of prices and trends to ensure that decision-making is as robust as possible.
the procurement team is supported by financial business partners to aid with the analysis and monitoring of performance.
any specific actions to improve in this area are regularly discussed and, where appropriate, implemented.
in terms of supply chain management, all suppliers of raw materials must be registered in the ethical auditing system of sedex.
quorn foods is looking into expanding ethical auditing to suppliers of non-raw materials in the future.
the business is also planning to benchmark its scope 3 emissions in order to develop a reduction strategy that will better manage its supply chain.
proportion of spending on local suppliers 204-1 disclosure: , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , unit: disclosure: percentage of procurement budget used for significant locations of operations that is spent on local suppliers, monde nissin: 63, quorn foods: data not available, unit: % note: monde nissin's data is based on the value of spend.
local items are those purchased through local suppliers and help create and sustain the local economy.
quorn foods does not currently define "local" as part of its procurement analysis, hence the unavailability of data.
quorn plant in belasis, uk executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex a better planet making eco-efficiency possible is based on the concept of doing more with less.
it is about operationalizing conservation strategies and adopting green solutions to enhance efficiency in the use of resources while minimizing creation of waste and pollution.
monde nissin's north star targets - 50% reduction in the scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025.
- 50% reduction in the water intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025.
- zero waste-to-landfill from manufacturing operations by 2025.
- 95% recycle-ready packaging by 2025.
monde nissin's progress - 23% reduction in scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity versus 2021 baseline - 23% reduction in water intensity versus 2021 baseline - 5% of waste generated from monde nissin's manufacturing operations were disposed to landfill - 94% recycle-ready packaging material in terms of volume edc geothermal plant site monde nissin corporation 33 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex feature story: monde nissin’s concerted efforts toward eco-efficiency collective action on behalf of monde nissin’s product supply departments in 2022 resulted in the company’s collaborative eco-efficiency initiative that was implemented across its manufacturing plants.
monde nissin’s corporate aspiration—to improve the well-being of people and the planet, and create sustainable solutions for food security—requires a company-wide effort.
the company is focused on empowering its people to find their own ways to make progress toward monde nissin’s north star targets.
monde nissin is constantly looking for ways to improve the eco-efficiency of its facilities.
to meet its eco-efficiency goals, the company has adopted a holistic and uniform approach across its manufacturing operations.
the approach involves the following: - enable all employees in the manufacturing sites to understand the business linkage with sustainability.
- understand the major key losses and sources of losses the site needs to eliminate to achieve the goals.
- understand the capabilities and the culture needed to achieve the goals and commitments.
- leverage and link the standardized work systems and tailor it to achieve the goals set per site.
- provide a visual review process on the key losses and identify actions to eliminate them.
monde nissin uses two key tools in monitoring and improving its environmental footprint: - loss analysis: identify and understand 100% of the losses within the organization.
- loss map: generate a map with losses pertaining to the various environmental impacts of the organization.
monde nissin’s product supply teams monitored the environmental impacts of the company’s manufacturing plants and collected baseline data in 2021.
from there, the teams were set on aligning their own eco-efficiency targets with monde nissin’s corporate roadmap.
in 2022, the product supply teams set their own eco-efficiency initiatives that has since then cascaded into the following pillars: electricity: through a renewed way of monitoring and mapping its electricity consumption, monde nissin was able to identify areas where it could control its utilities use, such as determining a uniform setting for its electrical appliances across all plants.
water: by brainstorming and benchmarking against the industry’s best practices in water management, monde nissin adjusted its processes to allow for the conversion of water from its operations to allow re-use and application to other plant-wide activities.
steam: a continuous learning mindset has allowed monde nissin to innovate its systems to allow for more efficient use of its boilers, such as optimizing start-ups and shutdowns, harvesting rainwater, and automating processes. 34 energy 3-3 monde nissin by improving its processes through the eco-efficiency thrust, monde nissin minimizes its negative environmental impacts and optimizes its operations.
this approach enables its employees to identify the gaps and implement the necessary action programs to increase energy efficiency.
an energy conservation enercon team was set up and meets on a weekly basis to eliminate losses on electricity, steam, and water.
the same enercon team allows monde nissin to benchmark results, systems, and processes across all sites, accelerating its progress on sustainability.
in july 2022, the following plant site locations shifted to renewable energy: laguna, batangas, and pampanga.
the cebu plant site switched to renewable energy last december 2022.
the ongoing switch is a milestone in monde nissin’s move toward opting for green energy.
monde nissin has also started to generate ideas and implement process optimizations and rate increases, enabling a 10% to 30% reduction in its utilities consumption.
this is applicable to monde nissin’s noodles and bakery manufacturing lines.
through these initiatives of monde nissin’s manufacturing plants, the company achieved a 21% reduction of its energy intensity in 2022.
energy intensity reduction across monde nissin’s manufacturing plants 302-3 table: energy intensity across plants 2021 & 2022 plant: , energy intensity fy 2021 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: , energy intensity fy 2022 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: plant: laguna, energy intensity fy 2021 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 4.12, energy intensity fy 2022 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 1.61 plant: pampanga, energy intensity fy 2021 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 3.19, energy intensity fy 2022 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 1.2 plant: batangas, energy intensity fy 2021 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 1.57, energy intensity fy 2022 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 1.2 plant: cebu, energy intensity fy 2021 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 0.97, energy intensity fy 2022 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 2.42 plant: davao, energy intensity fy 2021 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 2.33, energy intensity fy 2022 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 1.75 plant: total, energy intensity fy 2021 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: , energy intensity fy 2022 in gigajoules/metric ton of products produced: 1.38 notes: - the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021.
.
footnotes: the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021.
executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex mfl mfl's goal is to become net zero in its own operations by 2030 for scope 1 and 2 emissions and reduce scope 3 emissions by 50% by the year 2030.
to mitigate volatility in the energy market - which also impacts mfl's economic performance- the journey to decarbonization could be accelerated through energy efficiency projects and investments in renewables.
guiding its initiatives is its cost-per-metric ton strategy.
to prevent negative impacts, mfl's head of engineering created an energy reduction roadmap.
specific projects underway include the following: stokesley transformers stokesley high efficiency pumps belasis calcium phosphate reduction belasis ph correction belasis f5 harmonic filters part of mfl's 2023 plan is to improve metering and monitoring across manufacturing sites, in order to benchmark progress more accurately.
once metering is brought up to standard, energy use will be incorporated into routine accountability structures such as tiered meetings and reports.
mfl is currently exploring the opportunity for renewable energy at all sites in a feasibility study.
it is exploring the rationalization of utilities including refrigeration and hot water at its stokesley site to reduce energy consumption.
energy intensity 302-3 table: energy intensity disclosure: , mfl: , units: disclosure: electricity, mfl: 1.23, units: megawatt-hours/metric ton produced disclosure: steam, mfl: 1.30, units: megawatt-hours/metric ton produced disclosure: gas, mfl: 0.77, units: megawatt-hours/metric ton produced disclosure: kerosene, mfl: 0.00, units: megawatt-hours/metric ton produced disclosure: lpg, mfl: 0.14, units: megawatt-hours/metric ton produced disclosure: nitrogen, mfl: 0.11, units: megawatt-hours/metric ton produced disclosure: carbon dioxide, mfl: 0.02, units: megawatt-hours/metric ton produced monde nissin corporation 36 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex feature story: starting the widespread transition to renewable energy through contracts with energy development corporation’s edcs subsidiaries, monde nissin began shifting all of its philippine manufacturing plants, except the davao plant, to renewable energy in 2022.
the davao plant’s transition to renewable energy is also being planned.
the following plants have shifted to renewable energy: - laguna, pampanga, and batangas – july 26, 2022 - cebu – december 26, 2022 the move toward clean energy exemplifies the company’s strategic pillars of making collective action possible and making eco-efficiency possible.
the initiative’s successful start is attributable to monde nissin’s willingness to collaborate with other like-minded organizations to work toward sustainable solutions.
at the same time, the shift is expected to reduce up to half of monde nissin’s annual carbon emissions once completed, a significant achievement toward greening its production.
arlene sy soriano, head, power generation and sales carlos lorenzo vega, evp, president, foods company michael stanley tan, chief operating officer rico bautista, operations head “it’s better leyte than never.
the country’s largest geothermal facility, leading you to a greener future powered by renewable energy from edc.
only for your communities awaits” energy consumption 302-1 table: energy consumption 2022 disclosure: , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , monde nissin: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: disclosure: biomass/ coco shell, laguna plant: -, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 8,165,844, units: kilograms disclosure: solar panels, laguna plant: 1,299,804, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 1,299,804, units: kilowatt-hours disclosure: renewable electricity, laguna plant: 27,163,437, pampanga plant: 1,809,324, batangas plant: 1,986,770, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 30,959,531, units: kilowatt-hours disclosure: geothermal energy, laguna plant: -, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: -, units: - disclosure: gasoline, laguna plant: -, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: -, units: liters disclosure: lpg, laguna plant: 1,845,900, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: 1,726,791, monde nissin: 419,846, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 3,992,537, units: kilograms disclosure: diesel, laguna plant: 172,080, pampanga plant: 12,600, batangas plant: 8,000, monde nissin: 981, cebu plant: 4,700, davao plant: 198,361, total: 508,361, units: liters disclosure: non-renewable electricity, laguna plant: 38,317,448, pampanga plant: 3,395,338, batangas plant: 3,083,185, monde nissin: 7,301,026, cebu plant: 3,934,560, davao plant: 56,031,557, total: -, units: kilowatt-hours disclosure: bunker fuel, laguna plant: 706,930, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, monde nissin: 1,404,000, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 2,110,930, units: liters disclosure: coal, laguna plant: 28,651,210, pampanga plant: 7,893,723, batangas plant: -, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: 7,522,795, davao plant: 44,067,737, total: -, units: kilograms notes: the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021 thus baseline data is insufficient for energy reduction comparisons.
reduction of energy consumption fy 2022 vs.
fy 2021 302-4 table: energy consumption reduction 2022 vs. 2021 disclosure: , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , monde nissin: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: disclosure: electricity, laguna plant: 9,241,321, pampanga plant: 751,208, batangas plant: data unavailable, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: 922,720, davao plant: 714,840, total: 6,560,134, units: kilowatt-hours disclosure: bunker fuel, laguna plant: 2,340,595, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: data unavailable, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: 1,816,000, davao plant: 0, total: 4,156,595, units: liters disclosure: coal, laguna plant: 8,314,543, pampanga plant: 661,898, batangas plant: data unavailable, monde nissin: -, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 325,719, total: 9,302,160, units: kilograms disclosure table: renewable energy sources 2022 disclosure: , mfl: , units: disclosure: renewable source electricity, mfl: 41,952, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: renewable source steam, mfl: 44,098, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: lpg, mfl: 5,154, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: gas, mfl: 28,988, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: kerosene, mfl: 0, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: nitrogen, mfl: 4,314, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: carbon dioxide, mfl: 571, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: non-renewable steam, mfl: 4,900, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: non-renewable electricity, mfl: 4,388, units: megawatt-hours notes: monde nissin’s cebu plant shifted to renewable electricity last december 26, 2022.
monde nissin’s davao plant has yet to switch to renewable electricity as government regulations regarding local retail electricity supplier contracting is not yet in effect.
disclosure table: energy sources 2022 disclosure: , mfl: , units: disclosure: electricity, mfl: 8,161, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: steam, mfl: 16,181, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: lpg, mfl: 1,434, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: gas, mfl: 11,883, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: kerosene, mfl: 0, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: carbon dioxide, mfl: 144, units: megawatt-hours monde nissin corporation emissions 3-3 monde nissin managing emissions is important to monde nissin as greenhouse gases and other air pollutants generated from its operations can impact the environment and contribute to climate change which can affect the availability of monde nissin's inputs or raw materials in the long run.
there are emissions standards and regulations that monde nissin is required to comply with, geared towards ensuring that its manufacturing processes produce as few detrimental impacts on the environment as possible.
each plant has a pollution control and safety officer who monitors emissions and their sources and updates permits and records of compliance.
in 2022, monde nissin's scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity decreased to 0.32 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent co₂e per metric ton of product produced compared to 0.41 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e per metric ton of product produced in 2021.
greenhouse gas emissions 305-1, 305-2 table: emissions disclosure: , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: disclosure: scope 1 emissions, laguna plant: 60,473, pampanga plant: 14,472, batangas plant: 5,180, cebu plant: 5,407, davao plant: 13,773, total: 99,305, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e disclosure: scope 2 emissions, laguna plant: 30,522, pampanga plant: 2,633, batangas plant: 2,432, cebu plant: 5,200, davao plant: 3,068, total: 43,855, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e note: emissions from the use of biomass/coco shells were not included in the calculations for scope 1 emissions.
table: scope 1 and 2 emissions disclosure: , mfl: , units: disclosure: scope 1 and 2 emissions, mfl: 11,964, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e monde nissin is continuing to look for pathways to reduce its carbon footprint in its operations.
aside from optimizing energy use to reduce emissions, monde nissin has also invested in a 1.3mw solar project at its laguna plant.
the company has a biomass facility at the cebu plant which runs on coconut shells, while the batangas plant uses liquefied petroleum gas to power its boilers.
the company recognizes that adopting renewable energy may reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, resulting in cleaner air in the environment.
monde nissin signed for the supply of green energy in the form of geothermal power supply deals with edc's subsidiaries to reduce its operational carbon footprint.
it is also exploring less carbon-intensive alternatives to complement its efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
monde nissin aims to transition to a low-carbon economy and has set an ambitious target to reduce the scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of its manufacturing operations by 50% in 2025.
scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity reduction across monde nissin's manufacturing plants 305-4 table: greenhouse gas intensity : , scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: , scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: : laguna, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.37, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.28 : pampanga, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.95, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.32 : batangas, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.31, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.27 : cebu, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.42, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.41 : davao, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.57, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.55 : total, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: , scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced: 0.32 the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021.
notes: this table shows a comparison of the scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas intensity across the plants in 2021 and 2022.
executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex edc geothermal plant site scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity 305-4 disclosure: , mfl: , units: disclosure: scope 1 and 2 emissions, mfl: 11,964, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co2e disclosure: volume of products produced, mfl: 37,641, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste disclosure: greenhouse gas intensity, mfl: 0.32, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co2e / metric ton of product produced note: for mfl, gasses included in the calculation for scope 1 emissions are ch4, co2, and n2o.
the business tracks energy usage from invoices and corroborates this with meter readings to assess uninvoiced usage.
secondly, the co2e rates are provided by the uk government and these are updated on an annual basis.
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions 305-5 table: scope 1 and 2 emissions disclosure: , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: disclosure: scope 1 emissions, laguna plant: 21,321, pampanga plant: 1,274, batangas plant: data unavailable\, cebu plant: 5,265, davao plant: 587, total: 23,267, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co2e disclosure: scope 2 emissions, laguna plant: 22,895, pampanga plant: 1,609, batangas plant: data unavailable\, cebu plant: 657, davao plant: 557, total: 23,086, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co2e \the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021 thus baseline data is insufficient for greenhouse gas emissions reduction comparisons. 305-6 disclosure: , mfl: , units: disclosure: scope 1 and 2 emissions, mfl: 8,087, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co2e monde nissin corporation materials 3-3 monde nissin given monde nissin’s products, plastic is used for packaging because of its superior price competitiveness, barrier property, and versatility as compared with paper, glass, and other packaging materials.
however, the company is aware that, if not managed properly, accumulated waste from scraps and discarded materials can lead to land pollution.
post-consumer waste and waste leakage to bodies of water are also potential risks.
to have less landfill-bound waste, monde nissin aims to implement resource-efficient operations.
to make monde nissin’s packaging more efficient, the company is reducing the usage of materials through a reduction in flexible packaging dimension and carton paper grammage.
packaging is continuously assessed for further reduction opportunities.
monde nissin’s role in waste generation and management does not stop in the production process.
it is also crucial for the company to ensure the reduction of post-consumer waste going to landfill, whomever the consumer may be.
while packaging is essential in delivering quality products to its customers, monde nissin is working towards minimizing its plastic packaging footprint.
the company has implemented design solutions to downsize its usage of packaging materials without compromising the quality of its products.
key initiatives that have yielded significant reductions in packaging materials include the elimination of sachet packaging for garnish in most lucky me mini go cup, and decreasing the packaging of both breadstix and eggnog products.
furthermore, 94% of monde nissin’s plastic packaging volume is recycle-ready.
the company is also a member of the philippine alliance for recycling and materials sustainability parms, a non-profit organization dedicated to improving waste management.
monde nissin is one of the signatories and partner companies of parms members’ group pledge "ambisyon 2030: zero waste to nature.” competitive intelligence is practiced to check how monde nissin’s packaging compares externally.
mfl the key raw materials used by mfl are glucose, egg albumen, whey, other textured proteins, natural flavors, seasonings, coatings, vegetables, minerals, and soy for cauldon only.
similar to monde nissin, the price and availability of these raw materials are subject to volatility due to a number of external factors.
this is mitigated by purchasing raw materials in advance or sourcing alternative supplies.
in addition to that, mfl also faces the risk of non-performance or mal-performance of contracts by suppliers which can delay supply and suspend production.
transportation are important factors to consider as well.
any of the aforementioned adverse events under monde nissin could materially and adversely affect mfl’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
mfl’s procurement department ensures continuity of supply by obtaining multiple sources for the critical ingredients and a geographical spread of suppliers; it closely coordinates with the demand and supply planning team to ensure that appropriate stock levels are maintained.
purchasing efficiencies are also secured by regularly benchmarking and tendering all materials.
solid and hazardous waste 3-3, 306-1, 306-2 monde nissin monde nissin acknowledges that proper waste management is essential in preventing or mitigating potential negative impacts on the environment such as land and water pollution, this topic is one of the primary issues associated with the food industry.
potential positive impacts include minimizing plastic footprint through innovation of its packaging and responsible production in the volume of goods.
monde nissin is improving its waste management practices by aiming to take the measures and process improvements necessary to achieve zero waste to landfill for its manufacturing operations by 2025.
in 2022, only 5% of the waste generated from monde nissin's manufacturing plants were disposed to landfill, while 95% were recycled or diverted from landfill.
moving forward, monde nissin will continue its program to achieve zero waste to landfill.
another 2022 monde nissin milestone was working together with accredited waste management companies that help monde nissin manage residual waste.
they convert the company's residual waste from the batangas and pampanga plants into fuel for use in cement plants.
in 2022, monde nissin continued its zero waste to landfill program across all sites.
its main program was focusing on waste segregation and waste elimination to reduce waste to landfill.
key to the program is educating employees to see sources of waste, and eliminate and segregate remaining waste properly.
mfl waste-related impacts are generated within the manufacturing activities of mfl.
to address these impacts, mfl has set targets and goals for the reduction of waste, which are discussed and measured monthly to ensure the objectives and targets are on track.
mfl has a comprehensive waste management procedure that includes all waste streams for the business.
mfl utilizes a single contractor for the management of all waste, with the exception of effluents.
it operates in accordance with iso standards 14001 and 50001 and complies with the strict regulations and enforcement of waste management which exists in the uk, especially regarding compliance with legal requirements for all waste containment, transport, and disposal.
these obligations are stated in the contract and later on audited by the regulating body.
for effluents from the factory processes, a treatment process takes place to ensure compliance with legal discharge standards prior to effluents entering the environment. 100% of waste from operations is recycled at mfl.
food waste is sent for anaerobic digestion while sludges from treated wastewater are collected afterward either for anaerobic digestion or as a source for fertilizer which is used at local farms.
waste reduction is central to cost control and to the sustainability agenda of mfl.
it has a dedicated safety, health, and environment she team to ensure that a proper waste management system is in place to avoid waste-related impacts.
this team evaluates its management approach for solid and hazardous waste by gathering waste reports from the waste collection contractor and conducting monthly reviews, with factory waste being a standing agenda item for such reviews.
together, these actions ensure that mfl does not adversely impact the local environment as all solid waste is recycled and all liquid waste is cleaned up prior to discharge back into the local water networks.
the business has a group of ‘sustainability champions’ who are aligning relevant targets and ambitions; these are discussed and shared regularly.
all live projects are reviewed monthly to ensure they are on track.
there have been a number of effective results and achievements such as a reduction in food waste at the belasis site.
there are regular key performance indicator kpi reviews to ensure compliance and effectiveness.
converting ash to construction materials monde nissin's wet and dry ash waste from its coal boiler is hauled off by contractors to be re-used as backfill material and as a component of concrete hollow blocks and barriers, respectively.
monde nissin corporation 42 waste generated, waste diverted from disposal, waste directed to disposal 306-3, 306-4, 306-5 table: non-hazardous waste data : , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: : disclosure, laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: : total solid waste & non-hazardous waste generated, laguna plant: 15,413, pampanga plant: 4,062, batangas plant: 2,572, cebu plant: 2,774, davao plant: 4,258, total: 29,080, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : total solid waste and non-hazardous waste disposed to landfill, laguna plant: 753, pampanga plant: 43, batangas plant: 106, cebu plant: 233, davao plant: 341, total: 1,476, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : total solid waste and non-hazardous waste recycled/diverted from landfill, laguna plant: 14,660, pampanga plant: 4,019, batangas plant: 2,466, cebu plant: 2,541, davao plant: 3,917, total: 27,604, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : % of waste disposed to landfill, laguna plant: 5, pampanga plant: 1, batangas plant: 4, cebu plant: 8, davao plant: 8, total: 5, units: % : % of waste recycled, laguna plant: 95, pampanga plant: 99, batangas plant: 96, cebu plant: 92, davao plant: 92, total: 95, units: % table: hazardous waste data : , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: : disclosure, laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: : total weight of hazardous waste generated, laguna plant: 1,474, pampanga plant: 599, batangas plant: 109, cebu plant: 10, davao plant: 48, total: 2,240, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : total weight of hazardous waste transported, laguna plant: 1,474, pampanga plant: 599, batangas plant: 109, cebu plant: 10, davao plant: 48, total: 2,240, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste a portion of the hazardous waste generated and transported in 2021 was only recorded in 2022 because there was a delay in obtaining pampanga plant’s hazardous waste id in 2021.
table: total waste generated : , mfl: , units: : disclosure, mfl: , units: : total solid waste & non-hazardous waste generated, mfl: 37,609, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : total solid waste and non-hazardous waste disposed to landfill, mfl: 0, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : total solid waste and non-hazardous waste recycled/divided from landfill, mfl: 37,609, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : % of waste disposed to landfill, mfl: 0, units: % : % of waste recycled, mfl: 100, units: % table: total hazardous waste : , mfl: , units: : disclosure, mfl: , units: : total weight of hazardous waste generated, mfl: 233, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : total weight of hazardous waste transported, mfl: 233, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste note: for mfl, data was collected from three of the business’ waste management reports.
septic tank sludge is considered hazardous waste.
monde nissin corporation 43 water and effluents 3-3, 301-1, 301-2 monde nissin water is an essential resource for monde nissin's production, where it is used for machinery and other office uses.
as a shared resource with nearby communities, monde nissin aims to enact water conservation initiatives and to practice proper disposal of treated wastewater.
failing to do so can cause water pollution and soil degradation, all of which could affect the health of aquatic environments and nearby communities.
monde nissin is currently operating five deep well pumps.
raw water from deep wells is converted into the following: filtered water for general purposes such as cleaning and lavatory use, soft water for machine equipment and space cooling, chlorinated water for drinking, process water for production use, and reverse osmosis ro water for steam production.
rainwater directly discharges to a storm drain.
for all monde nissin plants, influent water goes to a wastewater treatment plant for treatment before being discharged to the municipal sewer system.
monthly influent and effluent sampling is conducted per department of environment and natural resources denr administrative orders dao 2016-08 and 2021-19 through denr-accredited third parties.
when discharging wastewater, the profile of the receiving water body is considered.
monde nissin's laguna plant has a discharge permit issued by the laguna lake development authority pursuant to republic act ra no. 9275, or the clean water act of 2004.
similar to the laguna plant, all other monde nissin plants have the corresponding discharge permits from the denr.
on an operational level, monde nissin uses water for utilities and day-to-day operations.
in 2021, monde nissin's water intensity was 3.1 cubic meters per metric ton of product produced, whereas in 2022 this was down to 2.39 cubic meters per metric ton of product produced.
a majority of water is used for the cleaning and sanitation of machines, space cooling, machine cooling, and steam generation.
although none of its manufacturing plants suffer from water shortage for their operational requirements, monde nissin is taking measures to reduce its water consumption.
the same loss elimination approach was implemented to improve the efficiency of its facilities, particularly towards water use.
monde nissin continues to standardize and benchmark best-in-class solutions, best practices, and control measures using the latest available technologies to reduce unnecessary water use.
monde nissin aims to improve water use efficiency in all areas of production and has set a 10% annual reduction target for water intensity.
through these initiatives of monde nissin's manufacturing plants, monde nissin's water intensity has decreased by 23% in 2022 compared to 2021.
monde nissin is also considering exploring rainwater harvesting and recycling its effluents from wastewater treatment plants to further reduce its freshwater consumption.
monde nissin corporation laguna plant water treatment 44 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex mfl the business obtains its water from national suppliers, which water is mainly used for the production of its products at its manufacturing locations.
water is cleaned and treated either at mfl’s own water treatment plants or by a third-party effluent treatment plant.
mfl also measures effluent quality against consent limits that it is obliged to adhere to, and minimum standards for effluents set by regulators and controlled by formal discharge consents which include standards for hourly and daily volume, temperature, the potential of hydrogen ph, total organic carbon toc, and chemical oxygen demand cod.
where sites discharge to a watercourse, the consent limits and minimum standards are issued and controlled by the environment agency.
where they discharge to the sewer, the consent limits and minimum standards are issued and controlled by the local sewage company.
water discharge in the uk is legally controlled and discharge consents are written to control the quality of discharge from the specific facility with consideration to the potential impact on the receiving water and its biodiversity.
mfl discharges the cleaned water to rivers.
mfl measures its water usage and also undertakes periodic assessments of usage against animal proteins through its sustainability report and data capture.
it evaluates its management approach by comparing the amount of water used in production relative to output, against water used for animal protein.
mfl must have an environmental discharge permit with minimum consent levels before it can discharge to the local river.
it has recently upgraded its technology and built an additional treatment plant to reduce its impact further.
it has an environmental management policy and an effluent treatment policy.
mfl’s compliance is checked daily within a sampling regime.
this is analyzed both internally and externally and recorded to ensure compliance.
its effluent treatment and water usage are reported daily and escalated if necessary.
all relevant actions would be assigned to an owner and closed in a timely manner to ensure compliance.
it currently has champions groups and forums that regularly discuss opportunities and propose plans to the wider business.
water intensity reduction across monde nissin’s manufacturing plants table: water intensity reduction across monde nissin’s manufacturing plants location: , water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: , water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: location: laguna, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 2.87, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 2.21 location: pampanga, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 3.41, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 2.65 location: batangas, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 4.64, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 3.45 location: cebu, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 2.42, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 2.01 location: davao, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 3.1, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 2.39 location: total, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 3.1, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced: 2.39 notes: - the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021.
- water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced is represented by yellow bars.
- water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton of products produced is represented by orange bars.
- the total water intensity reduction is 23%.
water withdrawal, water discharge, water consumption 303-3, 303-4, 303-5 table: water withdrawal, water consumption disclosure: , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: , mfl: , units: disclosure: water withdrawal deepwell, laguna plant: 728,855, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 134,593, davao plant: 61,650, total: 925,098, units: meter3, mfl: 809,281, units: meter3 disclosure: water consumption, laguna plant: 728,855, pampanga plant: 77,527, batangas plant: 65,744, cebu plant: 134,593, davao plant: 61,650, total: 1,068,369, units: meter3, mfl: 809,281, units: meter3 monde nissin pampanga and batangas plants are sourcing their water supply from industrial parks.
table: water discharge disclosure: , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , total: , units: , mfl: , units: disclosure: water discharge, laguna plant: 238,550, pampanga plant: 8,743, batangas plant: 13,620, cebu plant: 13,098, davao plant: 9,747, total: 283,758, units: meter3, mfl: data unavailable, units: meter3 disclosure: wastewater recycled and reused, laguna plant: 19,360, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, total: 19,360, units: meter3, mfl: 0, units: meter3 disclosure: % of wastewater recycled, laguna plant: 7.51, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, total: 6.39, units: %, mfl: 0, units: % disclosure: water intensity, laguna plant: 2.21, pampanga plant: 3.41, batangas plant: 2.65, cebu plant: 3.45, davao plant: 2.01, total: 2.39, units: meter3/metric ton of product produced, mfl: 21.50, units: meter3/metric ton of product produced all wastewater of mfl is treated and cleaned before it is discharged into national waterways. 46 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex a better society making better food accessibility is about innovating products and distribution systems to create food and beverages that are better for consumer health, aligned with their preferences, and within their reach.
making inclusivity possible is about embracing diversity at the workplace and giving equal opportunities, while also creating inclusive growth in host communities. 2 zero hunger 8 decent work and economic growth monde nissin's north star targets majority revenue share of better and healthier products by 2030. 5,000 independent brand experts and 25,000 sari-sari stores provided with livelihood opportunities and financial credit, respectively, by 2030.
diverse workforce where all have access to social safeguards, dialogue, and competency development by 2025.
monde nissin's progress 70% revenue share of fortified product portfolio 59% revenue share of sodium-reduced noodle products more than 1,000 independent brand experts are part of monde nissin's cdn 100% of employees earning above minimum wage 100% of employees with medical benefits 36% female workers in the workforce and 49% female in management positions 13.2 average training hours of training per employee per regular employee monde nissin corporation 47 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex care for employees employment monde nissin manpower is one of the main resources needed for monde nissin to operate its plants and offices efficiently and effectively.
supporting its employees in a more motivated workforce and managed employees results in benefits to well-encouraged employee retention.
however, failing to manage employees properly may decrease morale, and may subsequently contribute to high employee turnover.
the employment process begins with hiring.
monde nissin prioritizes local hiring and job creation by collaborating with local employment offices such as the public employment services office peso, and institutions such as the technical education and skills development authority tesda, meralco foundation, and schools for the targeted recruitment of manpower with the skills and qualifications needed for monde nissin's operations.
monde nissin has also reached out to nearby communities in its plant sites by giving preference to those residing closer to its plant.
apart from these sources, monde nissin leveraged employer branding agencies to attract talent.
although competition for talent remains high, the company has made efforts to be competitive by reviewing its hiring and the compensation and benefits it offers through industry benchmarking practices.
the company ensures sufficient manpower to keep its plants operating efficiently while ensuring the safety and well-being of onsite employees as they perform their duties.
onboarding processes were also streamlined and automated to make the entry for new recruits to monde nissin faster and smoother.
flexible work arrangements were adopted for certain positions while monde nissin provided support to employees to continue their assignments even when working from home.
for hybrid and onsite workers, facemasks, vitamins, and free meals were provided.
health and wellness programs were strengthened to support the employees' physical and mental well-being.
monde nissin corporation 48 employees 2-7 disclosure table: employee data : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : total number of employees, monde nissin: 3,356, quorn foods: 888, units: : a.
number of female employees, monde nissin: 1,210, quorn foods: 335, units: : b.
number of male employees, monde nissin: 2,146, quorn foods: 553, units: : total number of regular employees, monde nissin: 2,057, quorn foods: 888, units: : a.
number of regular female employees, monde nissin: 800, quorn foods: 335, units: : b.
number of regular male employees, monde nissin: 1,257, quorn foods: 553, units: : total number of probationary employees, monde nissin: 1,299, quorn foods: 0, units: : a.
number of probationary female employees, monde nissin: 410, quorn foods: 0, units: : b.
number of probationary male employees, monde nissin: 889, quorn foods: 0, units: : turnover rate, monde nissin: 9, quorn foods: 27, units: % note: turnover rate includes all types of separation no.
of separated regular employees/average of total no.
of employees of current reporting year quorn foods quorn foods has a suite of human resources policies relating to the area of employment, understanding that the lack of benefits and support can make the business less attractive to potential candidates when advertising for vacant positions.
such policies are widely available on the company's intranet.
the business undertakes regular employee engagement surveys as well as offers a wide range of rewards to all employees through the qmunity system.
this system allows all employees to send thank-q notes to one another for their support.
within this system is a q-dos award system where colleagues can nominate one another for embodying the values of quorn foods.
winners are then awarded vouchers to more than 600 shops.
besides this system, the business also conducts regular briefings to all staff through town hall sessions led by the ceo.
in 2022, to help with the cost-of-living-crisis, quorn foods made a one-time payment to all employees outside of its short term inceptive plan stip scheme.
there were no performance criteria attached to this scheme.
the company has introduced an all-employee bonus scheme for 2023 and beyond.
prior to this, a stip scheme was only available to leadership team positions.
one of the tools to track the effectiveness of its human resource programs is the engagement survey.
executive messages annex a holistic approach to health & wellness: the seven pillars of better me, better monde monde nissin launched these pillars to raise awareness on the different aspects that may affect health and wellness through informative campaigns and tailored programs: 1.
physical physical wellness programs aim to maintain or improve the physical health of employees and stakeholders through proper nutrition, exercise, preventative, and awareness talks. 2.
family the company adopts a family-centered approach and promotes family welfare through events that celebrate employees' families. 3.
social & volunteerism social wellness and employee volunteerism programs are monde nissin's approach to nurturing employees' relationships with each other and their communities through community engagement activities. 4.
mental the company prioritizes the mental wellness of employees by including free online mental health services through its healthcare provider and providing free mental health webinars. 5.
spiritual programs under spiritual wellness strive to foster employees' interpersonal well-being through programs like personal retreats. 6.
financial financial wellness programs mainly consist of activities and events that develop employees' financial literacy.
monde nissin corporation 50 training and development 3-3 monde nissin training and talent development for employees enhances their skills and capabilities, and, possibly, the quality of their work at monde nissin.
if training programs are insufficient and mismatched, the company may have a workforce that misses out on professional development.
insufficient and incorrect training programs can create a mismatch between evolving business needs and employee skill sets.
this could lead to missed organizational targets and low morale across the workforce.
monde nissin is committed to providing training opportunities across different demographics of the organization.
this is to ensure that the workforce is able to develop their careers and meet the constantly changing requirements of the business.
the company also committed to sufficiently upskilling its own learning and people development team through various external training and certifications, ensuring that they are professionally prepared and qualified to manage the learning programs needed by the business.
monde nissin is working with different stakeholders to identify skills gaps and design programs to bridge them.
the “training matrix” initiative plans to create documentation of every department's training plans for all its talents.
this will then be reviewed periodically so that no employee gets left behind.
the company is scaling its organizational learning capabilities by embracing digital.
the "lms365" rollout is a project that aims to make end-to-end learning - from employee onboarding to competency development, up to retirement preparation - digital and accessible.
the "coursera for business" pilot rollout also aims to expand learning opportunities by providing avenues for employee self-directed learning.
monde nissin was able to increase its year-on-year training and education programs from approx. 13,000 hours of training per employee in 2021 to approx. 36,000 in 2022.
more frequent collaborations with internal stakeholders were the main contributor to this increase.
monde nissin's training attendance systems are the primary source of data to measure the reach of its training and education programs.
it has also instituted evaluation systems to create baseline measurements of programs delivered.
monde nissin plans to roll out a standard competency framework this year.
one of the objectives of the initiative is to provide transparency and guidance to all managers and employees on how to drive their careers forward and align with the behaviors/ skills needed by the organization.
quorn foods quorn foods has a skills matrix for production, engineering, and technical staff. 100% of employees are targeted to complete their personal development plan for the start of the year 2023.
quorn foods also has a training and development policy.
aside from job-specific training, quorn foods also provides technical support and specific on-the-job training for relevant individuals.
it provides financial support for technical knowledge such as finance qualifications and transition assistance programs on a case-to-case basis.
quorn foods has annual performance development reviews which include identifying the development needs of the employees and creating programs to meet those needs.
as and when required, it undertakes reintegration programs, such as the recent belasis strike reintegration.
operational training is tracked through skills matrices.
achievement against personal development goals is tracked through its online portal, qhub.
employee development programs 404-2 : , general: , transition assistance: : monde nissin, general: internal training courses external training and education through funding support provision of sabbatical periods with guaranteed return to employment, transition assistance: pre-retirement planning for intended retirees; retraining for those intending to continue working; severance pay, which can take into account employee age and years of service; job placement services; assistance on transitioning to a non-working life.
: quorn foods, general: senior leadership program lab, funding of master’s study technical training programs, transition assistance: in-house training delivered for those leaving monde nissin corporation 51 non-discrimination, diversity, and equal opportunity 3-3, 406-1 monde nissin male workers in the workforce female workers in the workforce 49% female in management positions 56% female in the board monde nissin fosters an inclusive work environment and culture which provides equal employment opportunities and respects every employee regardless of gender, religion, disability, or race.
this is done to avoid discrimination in the workplace which can lead to a less engaged workforce, poor well-being, and a high turnover rate.
diversity and equal opportunity are aligned with monde nissin’s commitment to collaborate with empathy.
monde nissin respects every individual and provides everyone with equal opportunities for career growth.
this strategy is practiced during hiring, onboarding, ongoing employment, disengagement, and retirement periods.
monde nissin ensures that all employees are given equal opportunities in terms of career options, benefits, rewards, and salaries.
monde nissin was recognized by the sec at its gender and diversity awarding in 2022 titled “recognizing the role of women in the corporate world” for exemplifying gender inclusivity as a publicly-listed company with the most women directors in its board for 2022.
in 2022, 49% of those in management positions in monde nissin were female.
in monitoring whether inclusivity and non-discrimination are practiced at the workplace, a whistle-blowing policy and mechanism are in place to address, among others, issues relating to diversity or equality.
in 2022, zero incidents of discrimination were reported.
the hiring policy also ensures that monde nissin creates a pool of diverse talents for its operations.
additionally, town hall sessions are conducted with employees to collect any feedback or suggestions to further ensure equal opportunities for all.
quorn foods quorn foods values diversity, understanding that it can bring in fresh thoughts and ideas to the business.
there were zero incidents of discrimination reported in 2022.
quorn foods aims to eliminate the gender pay gap by 2030.
it has an equal opportunity policy and a flexible working policy.
there was an equality, diversity, and inclusion edi forum formed in 2022, with membership from across the business.
the edi forum is made up of a cross-functional team of volunteers that review and improve edi practices and initiatives within the business.
an employee engagement survey that is carried out annually and reviewed by the human resources department.
quorn foods is currently developing its targets and action plan.
it also has non-discrimination and human resources policies that support inclusion and diversity.
the business follows non-discrimination guidelines and rules.
male workers in the workforce female workers in the workforce 41% female in management positions monde nissin corporation 52 diversity of governance bodies and employees 4.05-1 monde nissin table: monde nissin board of directors disclosure: , board of directors: , units: , disclosure: , board of directors: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, board of directors: 89, units: %, disclosure: female, board of directors: 56, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, board of directors: 11, units: %, disclosure: male, board of directors: 44, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, board of directors: 0, units: %, disclosure: , board of directors: , units: table: monde nissin rank & file disclosure: , rank & file: , units: , disclosure: , rank & file: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, rank & file: 4, units: %, disclosure: female, rank & file: 29, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, rank & file: 32, units: %, disclosure: male, rank & file: 71, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, rank & file: 64, units: %, disclosure: , rank & file: , units: table: monde nissin senior management disclosure: , senior management: , units: , disclosure: , senior management: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, senior management: 68, units: %, disclosure: female, senior management: 49, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, senior management: 32, units: %, disclosure: male, senior management: 51, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, senior management: 0, units: %, disclosure: , senior management: , units: table: monde nissin middle management disclosure: , middle management: , units: , disclosure: , middle management: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, middle management: 13, units: %, disclosure: female, middle management: 50, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, middle management: 75, units: %, disclosure: male, middle management: 50, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, middle management: 12, units: %, disclosure: , middle management: , units: table: monde nissin staff disclosure: , staff: , units: , disclosure: , staff: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, staff: 5, units: %, disclosure: female, staff: 53, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, staff: 21, units: %, disclosure: male, staff: 47, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, staff: 75, units: %, disclosure: , staff: , units: quorn foods table: quorn foods senior management disclosure: , senior management: , units: , disclosure: , senior management: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, senior management: 75, units: %, disclosure: female, senior management: 25, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, senior management: 25, units: %, disclosure: male, senior management: 75, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, senior management: 0, units: %, disclosure: , senior management: , units: table: quorn foods middle management disclosure: , middle management: , units: , disclosure: , middle management: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, middle management: 29, units: %, disclosure: female, middle management: 42, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, middle management: 66, units: %, disclosure: male, middle management: 58, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, middle management: 5, units: %, disclosure: , middle management: , units: table: quorn foods rank & file disclosure: , rank & file: , units: , disclosure: , rank & file: , units: disclosure: above 50 years old, rank & file: 35, units: %, disclosure: female, rank & file: 37, units: % disclosure: 30 - 50 years old, rank & file: 48, units: %, disclosure: male, rank & file: 63, units: % disclosure: below 30 years old, rank & file: 18, units: %, disclosure: , rank & file: , units: 53 occupational health and safety monde nissin safeguarding the health and well-being of its workers across sites is a priority for monde nissin, which it addresses through its ohs measures.
having a proper ohs management system in place also mitigates the risk of an increase in work-related injuries, fines, and reputational damage, workplace injuries, illnesses, and fatalities.
the company also has its employee wellness program, "better me, better monde" for all employees.
monde nissin actively engages in regular sessions with its workers' representatives for the planning and formation of wellness programs. 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7 the company is complying with ra 11058 an act strengthening compliance with occupational safety and health standards and providing penalties for violations thereof.
its ohs management system has been internally audited.
in 2022, monde nissin recorded zero work-related fatalities and ill-health.
it also established weekly safety drumbeats across its sites.
the drumbeat review covers key in-process safety measures which are visible up to the chief operations officer coo level.
in addition, monde nissin has started using safety trigger monitoring in each site in order to make sure that the production line is safe to operate.
monde nissin also conducted weekly safety audits to check the conditions of equipment, working areas, and the behavior of people at each site.
the company sustains the implementation of the mandatory eight-hour safety and health mesh training course approved by the department of labor and employment dole for new employees.
the company has also started conducting a safety refresher for all employees, prioritizing the proper chemicals handling.
furthermore, the company also conducted a chemicals handling, storage, and disposal initiative in 2022.
monde nissin provides comprehensive health benefits for its employees and dependents, which includes free consultations with the nurses and the company physician; health maintenance organization hmo cards and annual physical check-ups for all regular employees, and free online mental health consultations.
monde nissin implements hazard identification, risk assessment, and control hirac in its operations which it reviews annually.
monde nissin is also upgrading the skills of safety officers by providing them with seminars and trainings conducted by reputable organizations.
employees are encouraged to immediately report any hazards to their superiors.
monde nissin also promotes worker health by providing recreational facilities onsite for various sports and pastimes.
monde nissin conducts a joint investigation led by a safety chairman and other members of the safety team to remove the risk immediately.
a final action plan must be reported within 24 hours of training per employee.
in 2022, monde nissin implemented several systemic interventions to prevent the occurrence of incidents, such as systems for observing behavior, analyzing job safety, and other health, safety, and environment-related assessments.
these have resulted in a lessened total recordable incident rate trir, an improvement of 53.67% compared to the previous year.
the company employs occupational health physicians and occupational health nurses.
they are kept updated with current trends and practices by attending the annual conventions of their organization and attending ohs training.
monde nissin plants have their own respective site clinics and emergency services.
the personal information and sensitive personal information of its employees are processed by monde nissin in accordance with the ra 10173, or the data privacy act of 2012 dpa.
policies and programs relating to the processing of the personal information and sensitive personal information of monde nissin employees are checked by monde nissin's data privacy officer dpo.
awareness programs are done on relevant health issues through webinars and information dissemination across digital boards.
every month, monde nissin has a safety meeting attended by all safety officers of each plant together with union representatives discussing the safety concern in the plant.
the company conducts trainings on contractors guidelines involving safety, security, and good manufacturing practices gmp policies of the company to all third party contractors.
all monde nissin third party contractors are required to have an ohs program and provide a safety team and safety leader in their organization before they start working at monde nissin.
monde nissin corporation 54 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex mfl mfl has a comprehensive objective, goals, strategies, and measures ogsm agenda based on she improvements.
this plan is reviewed monthly to ensure it remains on track and all items are addressed in a timely manner.
mfl has a comprehensive she management system that aligns with iso45001.
all operations within the business are accompanied with a procedure.
this system is independently audited annually to ensure compliance and there are also regular audits against procedures and policies.
mfl tracks any action through site action plans and discusses these at monthly meetings at all levels.
it runs monthly meetings to discuss its agendas and mini-projects to all levels of the business.
each month it has an initiative that aligns with its projects and agendas.
mfl reviews on a monthly basis if any additional support is required to meet targets.
areas needing support are identified and support is allocated to ensure mfl’s goals are achieved.
monthly kpi meetings are also held to highlight any potential shortfalls or projects requiring further support.
all meetings should begin with discussing ohs as this is a current initiative that is being promoted through the business.
the promotion and awareness of its ‘life saving behaviors’ are done through monthly ogsm and kpi meetings. 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7 all workers and workplace activities within the business are covered within the management system, from the factory to offices.
it has a comprehensive risk management profile within its system, all risk assessments are reviewed at a minimum of once per year.
all hazards are identified and control measures are implemented for all work activities.
all risk assessors are adequately trained and have the relevant qualifications to risk assessment activities.
all risk assessments are validated and approved by the she department.
from the results of its risk assessment reviews, it is able to compile a unique risk profile to ensure that adequate controls are in place and hazards are controlled.
it has an incident reporting process which is used for all accidents, incidents, and near-misses.
this is used throughout the business and all new staff are trained on how to report such occurrences.
all staff are regularly reminded that should they encounter an unsafe condition or a workplace hazard that they are to make it safe if it is possible to do so and report the situation to their line manager.
all staff are empowered to challenge unsafe behavior and refuse to carry out a task if they feel it is unsafe to do so.
when a workplace incident is raised it is assigned an investigating lead, this is normally someone with extensive knowledge of where the incident has occurred or the equipment/process involved.
at times an investigation may be assigned to multiple people to ensure a thorough and clear root cause analysis is carried out to highlight corrective actions and preventive measures.
each function has adequately trained and competent staff in hazard awareness and risk control.
these skills help in identifying and eliminating workplace hazards.
its welfare facilities are checked weekly and issues are reported and corrected.
all of its facilities for staff are compliant with welfare regulations.
it uses a third party provider for occupational health and only authorized individuals are permitted access to the data.
annual occupational health appointments are attended, should a staff member be struggling in a role due to their health issues, alternative employment within the business would be sought.
all its documentation is stored on a shared drive and control system.
it also has regular joint consultation or relevant developments/suggestions to the system of occupational safety and health iosh for managing safely, while all other employees must attend iosh for working safely.
mfl has an in-depth training package for all levels of employees with relevant refresher dates set.
all staff have annual occupational health appointments and should a referral be recommended further support will be provided.
it holds regular occupational health campaigns to remind and highlight issues to staff - ranging from protection from exposure to hazardous substances.
all tasks are comprehensively assessed and the assurance of the correct level of control is recommended to ensure the minimum amount of exposure to staff.
monde nissin corporation 55 workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system, work-related injuries, work-related ill-health 403-8, 403-9, 403-10 disclosure : , laguna plant: , pampanga plant: , batangas plant: , cebu plant: , davao plant: , brixton office: , makati office: , total: , units: : safe man-hours of training per employee, laguna plant: 4,536,081, pampanga plant: 592,833, batangas plant: 413,839, cebu plant: 1,387,567, davao plant: 513,893, brixton office: 96,000, makati office: 192,000, total: 7,732,213, units: hours of training per employee : no.
of recordable work-related injuries, laguna plant: 22, pampanga plant: 5, batangas plant: 6, cebu plant: 3, davao plant: 1, brixton office: 0, makati office: 0, total: 37, units: : no.
of work-related fatalities, laguna plant: 0, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, brixton office: 0, makati office: 0, total: 0, units: : no.
of recordable work-related ill-health, laguna plant: 0, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, brixton office: 0, makati office: 0, total: 0, units: : no.
of safety drills, laguna plant: 2, pampanga plant: 2, batangas plant: 2, cebu plant: 2, davao plant: 2, brixton office: 1, makati office: 1, total: 12, units: : total recordable incident rate trir, laguna plant: 0.97, pampanga plant: 1.67, batangas plant: 2.9, cebu plant: 0.43, davao plant: 0.39, brixton office: 0, makati office: 0, total: 0.95, units: % : percentage of workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by the ohs management system, laguna plant: 0, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, brixton office: 0, makati office: 0, total: 0, units: % note: data was calculated based on 200,000 hours of training per employee worked.
the main types of work-related injuries are superficial injuries and open wounds.
identified through hirac, machine hazards pose risks for such injuries.
to minimize these risks, education to all employees behavioral observation system and quick risk prediction, safety trigger monitoring, and defect finding and fixing are implemented.
safe man-hours of training per employee = total working man-hours of training per employee - loss work days and up disclosure : , mfl: , units: : safe man-hours of training per employee, mfl: 2,039,230, units: hours of training per employee : no.
of recordable work-related injuries, mfl: data unavailable, units: : no.
of work-related fatalities, mfl: 0, units: : no.
of recordable work-related ill-health, mfl: 0, units: : no.
of safety drills, mfl: 150, units: : total recordable incident rate trir, mfl: data unavailable, units: % : percentage of workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by the ohs management system, mfl: 25, units: % the data is gathered based on each employee working 37.5 hours of training per employee per week, as per she best practice.
the business she management system is regularly audited both internally and externally within conformity.
all incidents are reported and thoroughly investigated to account for root cause analysis to prevent reoccurrence.
the data on the left was calculated based on 200,000 hours of training per employee worked.
the highest work-related hazard on site however is chemical-related, due to large amounts of ammonia on site which put workers at risk of asphyxiation.
these hazards are determined through a robust risk assessment process to prevent these hazards and the hierarchy of control model was used during this process.
mfl operates a monthly risk assessment review to ensure that measures remain adequate.
other work-related hazards stem from mixing powders for mfl's ingredients.
these hazards were determined through control of substances hazardous to health coshh risk assessments, with the use of material data sheets for accuracy.
risk assessments identify exposure limits to eliminate time allocated in the risk areas.
mfl also has local exhaust ventilation lev in the area which improves airflow.
the areas are monitored on a daily basis.
monde nissin corporation 56 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex labor-management relations 3-3, 402-1, 407-1 monde nissin monde nissin prioritizes having a continued harmonious working relationship with its employees and thus seeks to provide the appropriate venues for employees to express concerns in order to create a peaceful and conducive work environment.
this is done with the awareness that poor labor-management relations causes a strained relationship between employees and the company, and is detrimental to work performance and employee retention.
the company maintains open communication with union members to immediately address any employee concerns.
in the event of significant operational changes, affected employees are notified at least two weeks prior to implementation and consulted as may be necessary.
for collective bargaining agreements, the notice period and provisions for consultation and negotiation are specified.
monde nissin’s people and culture department is primarily responsible for labor-management relations programs, including the setting of meetings with the union.
labor-management relations also cover non-unionized members who are able to participate in inclusive employee engagement programs that deal with employee productivity, wellness, and health across all monde nissin sites.
all employees are invited to participate in town hall meetings and various training programs.
the company currently conducts quarterly town hall meetings per division, corporate town halls, and quarterly musatahan meetings with union leaders.
quorn foods quorn foods implemented the following initiatives for labor-management relations in 2022: - meeting and communication structures in agreement with collective bargaining leads and groups.
- catalog of official quorn foods policies and guides relating to legal and official processes, along with development training for leaders to better manage performance.
- historical contractual agreements sa91/lwa.
- keeping communication lines open, closing out disputes as efficiently as possible, and where appropriate, keeping proactive lines of communication open with customers and suppliers.
- building communication and engagement initiatives, which have been agreed between all groups, and increasing leadership capability development.
- engagement surveys and key metrics such as absence and turnover levels and reasons.
on average, employees are given 12 weeks’ notice prior to the implementation of any significant operational changes that may affect them.
in some cases, however, employees are notified six months before implementation.
collective bargaining agreements 2-30 table: disclosure : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : percentage of total regular employees covered with collective bargaining agreements, monde nissin: 38, quorn foods: 5.7, units: % : percentage of regular male employees covered with collective bargaining agreements, monde nissin: 67, quorn foods: data unavailable, units: % : percentage of regular female employees covered with collective bargaining agreements, monde nissin: 33, quorn foods: data unavailable, units: % : number of consultations conducted with employees concerning employee-related policies, monde nissin: 12, quorn foods: data unavailable, units: of consultations monde nissin corporation 57 child labor and forced labor 3-3, 408-1, 409-1 monde nissin compliance with policies against child labor and forced labor results in a satisfied workforce that feels that the company respects them and cares about their rights and welfare.
in line with the provisions on young workers in presidential decree 442, as amended, or the labor code of the philippines labor code, particularly the labor code's article 137 on the minimum employable age in the philippines, the company has not employed any person below 15 years of age, except when they work directly under the sole responsibility of their parents or guardian, and the employment does not in any way interfere with their schooling.
further, for those on on-the-job-training ojt who were assigned to undergo training and are between 15 and 18 years old, the company has ensured that they only work on such a number of hours of training per employee and such periods of the day as would not interfere with their regular classes.
monde nissin has an anti-modern slavery statement that denounces the hiring of undocumented or underage workers as well as the use of forced, bonded, and involuntary labor.
this is fully implemented in monde nissin's hiring policies by the people and culture department.
such policies are published and available on the monde nissin website, which is accessible by employees.
at monde nissin, zero operations were identified to have significant risks for incidents of child labor and young workers exposed to hazardous work, as well as forced labor.
the company does not withhold any identity papers or require compulsory deposits, nor does it compel workers, under threat of firing, to work extra hours of training per employee not previously agreed.
quorn foods quorn foods follows laws that prohibit any form of child labor and forced labor.
disclosure : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: : no.
of legal actions or employee grievances involving forced or child labor, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0 : do you have policies that explicitly disallow violations of labor laws and human rights e.
grams.
harassment, bullying in the workplace?, monde nissin: y, quorn foods: n a.
policy against forced labor clause 5: no modern slavery monde nissin will not engage in the exploitation or illegal hiring of undocumented or underage workers.
monde nissin is committed to ensuring that its global supply chain adheres to this commitment.
no forced, bonded, or involuntary labor will ever be used at any of the monde nissin's facilities or operations.
a ban on forced labor, child labor, and human rights violations are covered by the laws of the countries where quorn foods employees work b.
policy against child labor c.
human rights policy : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: : clause 5: no modern slavery, monde nissin: y, quorn foods: n : clause 3: equal opportunity and non-discrimination, monde nissin: y, quorn foods: n clause 3: equal opportunity and non-discrimination monde nissin is an equal opportunity employer that values integrity, merit, and competence in its employees.
monde nissin will not tolerate discrimination, whether within or without monde nissin.
monde nissin will provide equal opportunity for all in recruitment, development, promotion, and compensation without regard to race, color, religion, nationality, or geographical origin, ancestry, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.
clause 4: anti-harassment to provide an environment that is conducive to productivity and personal growth, monde nissin prohibits workplace harassment of any kind, whether the perpetrator or the victim is a coworker, supervisor, agent, customer, or supplier.
monde nissin also prohibits and condemns any form of direct or indirect retaliation against anyone who has made a complaint or reported an issue or harassment occurring within the workplace or outside.
notes: this report includes policies and disclosures on child labor, forced labor, and human rights for both monde nissin and quorn foods, providing insights into their ethical practices.
care for consumers better-for-you products a food solution for addressing malnutrition in 1997, monde nissin partnered with the philippine department of health doh to address malnutrition by fortifying monde nissin's noodle products with essential vitamins and minerals under the sangkap pinoy fortification campaign.
in 2022, products fortified with essential nutrients account for 86% revenue share of the lucky me noodles portfolio.
the sodium reduction initiative for lucky me that started in 2020 has continued on to 2022.
in 2022, 288 million servings of lucky me products were sodium-reduced, accounting for 59% of instant noodles revenue.
monde nissin's lucky me instant mami and mini go cups have no artificial preservatives added.
milky me: a better-for-you instant mami part of monde nissin's thrust to promoting healthier eating is the launch of lucky me milky me, which has 25% less sodium, is a source of vitamin a and iron and has milk added.
so sustans ya - high in iron - no preservatives added - source of vitamin a monde nissin corporation executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex meaningful marketing kainang pamilya mahalaga monde nissin, through its lucky me brand, was the proponent of “kainang pamilya mahalaga,” an advocacy that has been recognized by the philippine government and celebrated annually in the country.
it aims to encourage parents to have mealtimes with their family regularly and be involved in their lives one meal at a time.
over the years, the advocacy gained recognition through marketing and values awards from various institutions around the country.
it was institutionalized by presidential proclamation no. 326, series of 2012, declaring the fourth monday of september every year as kainang pamilya mahalaga day.
breakfast series campaign in 2022, monde nissin continued the breakfast series campaign which started in 2021, through its promotion of the addition of eggs and vegetables in instant mami to highlight the importance of a complete and balanced meal.
edukasyonasks: moms, how do you make learning fun with your kids?
nissinlandia nissinlandia was launched to make learning at home a more pleasant experience for moms and their kids.
in 2022, nissin wafer, breadstix, and eggnog handed out free fun sticker sheets and back-to-school baon kits to selected mothers to acknowledge that kid-friendly snacks can make learning at home a happy time.
learning made fun with letters monde nissin ran the project play campaign for a limited time for nissin breadstix, a favorite brand of children throughout the philippines.
under project play, breadstix biscuits were turned into fun letter-shapes to make learning time more fun and creative for mothers and their children.
monde nissin corporation 60 customer health and safety monde nissin creating products that are sustainable and building a healthier portfolio is key to monde nissin's business goals.
therefore, consumer health and safety is of utmost importance.
apart from meeting standards of health and safety for consumers, monde nissin is able to innovate its current products to improve nutrient content and reduce potentially unhealthy content by honing in on its research and development.
as a result of its innovations in 2022, monde nissin was able to incorporate cost-effective fortificants for nutritional improvement to its major noodle skus which contribute to 86% of its annual lucky me revenue.
milky me instant mami was also fully launched with 25% less sodium and serves as a source of vitamin a an iron and added with milk.
furthermore, monde nissin continues to pursue its annual sodium reduction targets in its noodles.
monde nissin continued fortification for its biscuits and packaged cakes as well.
products with fortification claims now account for 15% of its total revenue share.
for consumer safety, all monde nissin products, including lucky me, are registered with the fda and compliant with prevailing fda regulations, ensuring the company complies with food safety and regulatory requirements.
monde nissin is committed to ensuring the quality of its food products, implementing several quality and food safety management practices such as hazard analysis critical control point haccp, gmp, and food fraud and food defense.
additionally, all monde nissin products undergo control measures before being released to trade.
in case there are misses, it has a product recall process in place.
monde nissin also closely coordinates with cross-functional teams during weekly drumbeat and monthly alignment meetings for any compliance, safety, and regulatory issues.
currently, the laguna and cebu plants are food safety system certification fssc 22000-certified.
the davao plant is iso22000:2018-certified.
the remaining manufacturing plants of monde nissin in the philippines are gearing towards the same food safety certifications.
quorn foods quorn foods is investing in research to better understand the health effects of its products and discovering solutions to produce healthier products for consumers.
its products contain mycoprotein, which has been demonstrated to have a number of health benefits, such as the ability to lower cholesterol and potentially help manage insulin levels in people with elevated levels.
it is also a source of protein and fiber.
to manage the risk of being not up-to-date with government regulations regarding food safety, all new products must meet minimum nutritional standards.
quorn foods has its net positive 2030 goals, one of which is that "all products meet requirements for protein and/or fiber." the company has set 17 "net positive 2030" goals aligned with the un's sustainable development goals.
these goals are grouped into pillars relating to "positive supply," "positive operations," "positive product," and "positive society." quorn product guidelines incorporate nutrition profiles for innovation and principles for line extensions and reformulation to ensure that quorn & cauldon products have as robust a nutrition profile as possible.
profiles incorporate nutrients to limit as well as nutrients to promote, which are globally applicable.
product guidelines on nutrition must be followed as part of the new product development stage gate process.
for existing products exceeding national salt reduction targets, a salt reduction program has been initiated.
quorn foods has partnered with heart uk during national cholesterol month to highlight the role that mycoprotein has in cholesterol reduction.
quorn foods is also making investments in research to better understand the health benefits of mycoprotein while building communication with health professionals.
monde nissin corporation 61 substantiated complaints from customers that are lodged and acted upon by government agencies disclosure monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: monde nissin: no.
of substantiated complaints on product or service health and safety, quorn foods: 0, units: monde nissin: no.
of complaints addressed, quorn foods: n/a, units: customers refer to both retailers and consumers.
complaints from consumers may be coursed through retailers and elevated to the company.
assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 416-1 disclosure monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: monde nissin: significant product and service categories which have been assessed for health and safety impacts, quorn foods: 100, units: % substantiated complaints from customers that went through the organization’s formal communication channels and grievance mechanisms disclosure monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: monde nissin: no.
of substantiated complaints on product or service health and safety, quorn foods: 324, units: monde nissin: no.
of complaints addressed, quorn foods: 320, units: note: complaints were coursed through customer feedback forms. 4 incidents: unable to contact complainant to close the incident.
customers refer to both retailers and consumers.
complaints from consumers may be coursed through retailers and elevated to the company.
incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services 416-2 disclosure monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: monde nissin: incidents of non-compliance resulting in fine or penalty, quorn foods: 0, units: monde nissin: incidents of non-compliance resulting in a warning, quorn foods: 0, units: monde nissin: incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes, quorn foods: 0, units: monde nissin corporation executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex marketing and labeling monde nissin all monde nissin products are properly labeled and compliant with fda’s mandatory labeling guidelines to mitigate the risk of consumer complaints on product labeling, misuse of logos, undececlared allergens, extended use or misuse of products when preparation instructions are not followed.
monde nissin’s labeling includes information on packaging material type and the proper disposal of materials as identified on the packaging of all monde nissin products, which allows consumers to observe proper segregation.
monde nissin’s marketing, new product development, and regulatory affairs departments are in charge of monitoring and managing its compliance with fda labeling guidelines.
mechanisms are also in place to receive consumer feedback from different channels and platforms and ensure proper testing and checking of its labels.
in enhancing the positive impacts of its labeling on consumer well-being and contributing to plastic avoidance, monde nissin’s lucky me has front-of-pack labeling of calories, while the mini go cup adopted the direct dispensing of garnish reducing plastic by up to 28.4 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste.
other packaging reduction efforts are being studied and planned by the packaging development team.
through its marketing, monde nissin utilizes a holistic approach to promote positive values such as morals, health, family time, and fun learning.
all above-the-line campaigns are carried out responsibly as evaluated by the philippine ad standards council asc and are up to date with responsible marketing principles.
quorn foods quorn foods enhances positive impacts by supporting consumer well-being through the provision of nutrition information and education on the principles of healthy eating to enable consumers to make informed food choices.
quorn foods complies with all labeling laws in the countries in which its products are sold.
labeling of products is carefully considered with reference to brand values.
through marketing and labeling, quorn foods is able to tell its story related to sustainability and the health benefits of its products.
quorn foods also uses several channels to communicate with its consumers including tv advertising, magazine advertising, social media platforms, trade marketing support, and consumer trials and sampling.
these are designed to reach as many potential consumers as possible to improve brand awareness and drive consumer penetration.
to support its marketing initiatives, quorn foods uses in-store promotional initiatives as well to encourage new consumers to buy its products.
monde nissin corporation executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex substantiated complaints from customers that are lodged and acted upon by government agencies disclosure : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : no.
of substantiated complaints on marketing and labeling, monde nissin: 5, quorn foods: 0, units: : no.
of complaints addressed, monde nissin: 5, quorn foods: n/a, units: customers refer to both retailers and consumers.
complaints from consumers may be coursed through retailers and elevated to the company.
substantiated complaints from customers that went through the organization’s formal communication channels and grievance mechanisms disclosure : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : no.
of substantiated complaints on marketing and labeling, monde nissin: 3, quorn foods: 0, units: : no.
of complaints addressed, monde nissin: 3, quorn foods: 0, units: note: complaints were coursed through customer feedback forms.
customers refer to both retailers and consumers.
complaints from consumers may be coursed through retailers and elevated to the company.
incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling disclosure 417-1 : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: are the following types of information required by the organization’s procedures for product and service information and labeling?
y/n - sourcing of components of the product or service - content, particularly with regard to substances that might produce an environmental or social impact - safe use of the product or service - disposal of the product and environmental or social impacts - significant product or service categories covered by and assessed for compliance with such procedures incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications including advertising, promotion, and sponsorship disclosure 417-2 : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : incidents of non-compliance resulting in fine or penalty, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0, units: : incidents of non-compliance resulting in a warning, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0, units: : incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0, units: disclosure 417-3 : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : incidents of non-compliance resulting in fine or penalty, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0, units: : incidents of non-compliance resulting in a warning, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0, units: : incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0, units: monde nissin corporation 64 customer and consumer satisfaction monde nissin with customers i.e., groceries and other retailers as a primary stakeholder for monde nissin, the company aims to enhance customer satisfaction and promote brand loyalty.
to do so, monde nissin piloted a team selling concept.
monde nissin’s sales team focused on selling and business building, while accounting and the supply network teams addressed inefficiencies and identified points for improvement in their respective departments.
apart from this, monde nissin does yearly business reviews to agree on targets, kpis, and budgets.
the sales team meets monthly to update the status of agreed commitments and possible adjustments.
maintaining customer satisfaction is crucial to prevent mistrust and dissatisfaction, which may harm brand reputation.
at the same time, monde nissin also aims to maintain a good relationship with its customers, which are composed of groceries and other retailers.
to measure the satisfaction of its customers, monde nissin availed of the services of a third party, the advantage group international, inc., to conduct a study on monde nissin’s relationship with its customers.
this study was a syndicated survey open to all interested suppliers and retailers.
in the study, monde nissin ranked 7th out of more than 25 fmcgs overall.
the ranking was based on four performance dimensions: operational effectiveness, the companies’ suitability as a long-term partner, and the companies’ ability to identify opportunities and thrive in a changing landscape.
to further improve the effectiveness of its initiatives, monde nissin plans on expanding the coverage of the piloted initiative and brainstorming more methods among the teams to improve current processes.
customer satisfaction score disclosure customer satisfaction score: , monde nissin: , units: customer satisfaction score: did a third party conduct the customer satisfaction study?
y/n, monde nissin: y, units: - ranking among more than 25 fmcgs also included in the study by the advantage group, international, inc.
disclosure customer satisfaction score: , quorn foods: , units: customer satisfaction score: quorn, quorn foods: cauldron, units: customer satisfaction score: 66, quorn foods: 21, units: % customer satisfaction score: 33, quorn foods: 2, units: % customer satisfaction score: did a third party conduct the customer satisfaction study?
y/n, quorn foods: y, units: - score from a survey on whether consumers would consider buying quorn and cauldon products. 66% and 21% of respondents stated that they would consider buying quorn and cauldon products respectively.
score from a survey on whether consumers favor quorn and cauldon products. 33% and 2% of respondents stated that quorn and cauldon respectively was their preferred brand.
quorn foods currently, quorn foods’ customer service levels have scored above 98.5%.
processes that have helped achieve this rating include forecasting and inventory management aligned with service level targets.
monde nissin corporation customer privacy 3-3 monde nissin monde nissin is subject to the dpa, its implementing rules and regulations, and the issuances of the national privacy commission data privacy laws.
by remaining committed to upholding data privacy laws, monde nissin may increase satisfaction amongst customers, achieve greater customer retention, or competitive business advantage by complying with existing laws and regulations concerning customer privacy and data security.
as part of the conduct of its regular business, monde nissin enters into contractual relationships with various service providers, suppliers, and distributors, among others, which may involve the processing of personal information pi, as defined under the data privacy laws or sensitive personal information spi, as defined under data privacy laws.
monde nissin only collects and processes pi and spi in accordance with data privacy laws.
contractual safeguards are in place to ensure that the relevant counterparts comply with the data privacy laws.
policies in place regarding customer privacy include monde nissin's general privacy policy with the following policies attached as annexes: - data retention policy - data subject rights policy - security incident management and data breach notification policy monde nissin regularly reviews and updates its policies including those related to data privacy.
a data breach response team is in place to alert and mobilize key personnel, including senior management in the event of a personal data-related security incident and/or personal data breach.
as far as reasonably practicable, data are in place for relevant monde nissin personal data collection points to ensure transparency to relevant data subjects.
monde nissin has made publicly available its general data privacy policy which incorporates its data retention policy and data subjects' rights policy.
the dpo manages monde nissin's compliance with data privacy laws.
following a privacy by design perspective, all prospective contractual relationships involving the collection of pi and/or spi are reviewed from a data privacy laws perspective.
where pi and/or spi are proposed to be processed, monde nissin assesses the proportionality of the processing to ensure there is no over-collection of pi and/or spi.
where pi and/or spi processing is involved, data subjects' rights to data privacy are respected through securing informed consent from the affected data subject in addition to other lawful basis for processing pi and/or spi available to monde nissin.
in this connection, when third-party service providers would need to collect pi and/or spi in the performance of their services, monde nissin requires such third-party service providers to execute data sharing agreements as applicable, personal information collection statements, and to warrant its adherence to the data privacy laws.
monde nissin has physical, electronic, and administrative procedures and safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and facilitate the correct usage of pi and spi that monde nissin processes as allowed under the data privacy laws.
monde nissin regularly monitors its data privacy hotlines and dedicated privacy email to evaluate whether it is successful in managing this topic.
monde nissin adheres to the privacy by design perspective for processes that requires collection/processing of personal data by maintaining an inventory of the relevant data processing systems within the organization and the cross functional conduct of privacy impact assessments for systems, processes, programs and/or projects involving personal data.
to improve its data processing initiatives, the data privacy team is in collaboration with the it department to develop a comprehensive online tool to ensure that all data processing systems with monde nissin are captured and monitored and a privacy impact assessment conducted for each data processing system.
monde nissin also strives to increase awareness on its data privacy policy among its employees especially organization through regular data privacy briefing sessions with the relevant departments as well as counterparts for purposes of sharing best practices and awareness on data privacy included in the on-boarding process for all new hires of the organization.
monde nissin has identified privacy point of contacts privacy leads for each priority department and has required the privacy leads of some relevant departments to undergo extensive external data privacy training and dpo certification course which some privacy leads have already completed.
monde nissin has also implemented the it security policies for compliance by suppliers or vendors.
monde nissin did not have any notifiable personal data breach within the relevant period and all exercise of data subject rights has been attended to/resolved.
monde nissin corporation 66 monde nissin logo executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex quorn foods to protect customer data and privacy, quorn foods complies with local general data protection regulations gdpr and enforces firewalls and data security systems.
quorn foods does not conduct ecommerce directly with its consumers.
rather, it transacts with customers including retailers, wholesalers, and foodservice businesses.
maintaining customer privacy remains important to quorn foods as it takes all the necessary steps to keep data secure so as not to risk sharing commercially sensitive information.
consumer information relating to complaints is stored using secure systems with limited access governed by user log in controls.
substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data 418-1 table: disclosure disclosure: , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: disclosure: no.
of substantiated complaints on customer privacy, monde nissin: 1\, quorn foods: 0, units: disclosure: no.
of complaints addressed, monde nissin: 1\, quorn foods: 0, units: disclosure: no.
of customers, users and account holders whose information is used for secondary purposes, monde nissin: 0, quorn foods: 0, units: \refers to a non-notifiable data breach that occurred in april 2022 and involved monde nissin’s data subjects where responses of job applicants via an online form during recruitment for a career fair can be viewed.
data of 215 data subjects were involved.
data security monde nissin considering the growing recognition of data as a valuable asset, monde nissin has adopted protective measures to prevent unauthorized access, corruption, and data loss.
monde nissin takes data security seriously.
to manage any potential breach or accidental exposure, monde nissin’s senior management are involved in the data security policy reviews, security measure definitions, creation, and approval while the information security personnel and relevant department personnel implement and execute the security controls.
all security incidents are centrally logged through an it service desk to which a security incident team responds promptly and centrally.
policies in place regarding data security include: 1.
security incident management and data breach notification policy 2.
security incident response policy or process 3.
data classification policy monde nissin engages third-party security consultants for cybersecurity maturity assessment and vulnerability assessment and penetration testing vapt services.
it subscribes to security training and awareness programs amongst employees throughout the year, including against phishing and data security policies including those related to data security and it.
monde nissin is regularly reviewing and updating its policies including those related to data security and it.
monde nissin’s general data privacy policy and data subject rights policy that will aid stakeholders in case of any privacy concerns.
a security incident response team procedure is in place to alert and mobilize key personnel, including senior management, in the event of a serious security incident such as data breach.
monde nissin corporation footer 67 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex monde nissin updates its policies, tools, processes, and user education which includes mandatory security awareness training and orientation for all staff, including new hires.
monde nissin continues to implement multiple layers of protection to monitor data security risks including penetration and vulnerability tests.
a privacy impact assessment involving the dpo and the data privacy team is also conducted to identify the potential risks throughout the data processing life cycles.
for security incidents that are raised, monde nissin logs these centrally to address, analyze, and monitor the incident and to have visibility on the status of the incident.
monde nissin also conducted table drills on data privacy and cyber security awareness with the different departments to help ensure the relevant people are ready to act and address any incident promptly, in the event of such an occurrence.
monde nissin has mandated security awareness trainings for all new hires and a whole-year curriculum of various security awareness topics for all employees covering email security, internet security, mobile device, wifi, password and authentication, social media, and human firewall.
quorn foods quorn foods upholds data security and aims to have no data breaches.
the business employs policies regarding data back-up and sharing of confidential or commercially sensitive material in either virtual or physical form.
these protections are regularly stress-tested to ensure data security is maintained.
quorn foods remains vigilant at all times and provides regular security briefings and updates to its employees’ practices.
data security leaks can lead to ransom requests from hackers.
the business could encounter a business interruption as a result of a data security breach such as a hacking event as well as a significant economic impact.
there have been some further risks identified that the business has taken action to mitigate.
no formal trackers are in place but results from breach tests are reviewed and remedial action taken.
data breaches disclosure table: data breaches : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : no.
of data breaches, including leaks, thefts and losses of data, monde nissin: 1, quorn foods: 0, units: refers to the same non-notifiable data breach that occurred in april 2022 and involved monde nissin’s data subjects where responses of job applicants via an online form during a recruitment fair can be viewed.
data of 215 data subjects were involved.
monde nissin corporation executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex care for local communities 3-3, 413-2 monde nissin monde nissin aims to continue to include its host communities in equitable growth by sharing economic opportunities and supporting community development.
among the methods by which monde nissin contributes to its local communities are through its cdn operations.
the cdn is responsible for developing alternative distribution platforms catering to end consumers.
its mission is to execute sustainable business models.
it is part of the execution of the categories that it is in, and first, relevant to the needs and profitable for its stakeholders.
an integral part of this channel are the dealers that recruit, train, and develop small entrepreneurs who are also referred to as the independent brand experts.
as of december 2022, monde nissin has 25 dealers and more than a thousand independent brand experts in key cities in luzon.
additionally, monde nissin contributes to its local communities through corporate social responsibility initiatives.
the company provides access to micro-financing and livelihood opportunities for product sellers, which also makes its products more accessible.
additionally, monde nissin contributes to its local communities through corporate social responsibility initiatives, in 2022, monde nissin provided assistance to those affected by calamities such as typhoon paeng.
almost 60,000 cases of monde nissin products were donated for 2022.
moving forward, monde nissin aims to continue collaborations with foundations like gma and abs-cbn to extend help in times of calamities, while working alongside companies such as small business corporation for microfinancing programs.
quorn foods quorn foods works with fare share program and other food redistribution charities to prevent waste and feed those who need it in several locations in the north of england.
this is targeted at individuals and families who are experiencing food poverty.
the business was able to surpass its goal of one million servings of food redistributed.
it plans to expand to other areas near sites.
quorn foods continues to undertake talks with universities and schools on sustainable food.
it has partnerships with fare share to match donations to foodbanks from their british dietetic association to recommend climate-friendly diets for their patients.
monde nissin corporation 69 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex feature story: a season of giving back monde nissin employees engage communities for christmas tree project monde nissin's we @ mnc care is a platform for engaging employees to become volunteers for outreach programs.
under this platform, monde nissin recently community christmas tree initiative in 2022.
by donating philippine peso 100, employees receive a star which they can use to decorate the community christmas tree.
the laguna plant selected the chosen children village as the beneficiary of its community christmas tree.
through donations, the company donated computer sets to children for their online classes and other necessities.
elisha anne del rosario, a key accounts specialist, expressed that such experiences are important.
ms.
del rosario recounts, "i've been working in monde nissin for five years now and it's no surprise that the company values people and the communities around us- a value that is aligned with my personal values.
this value not only manifests in employee volunteerism programs for communities and organizations outside the company, but also through the company's care for its employees in every aspect of our personal and professional life." employee volunteerism is one of monde nissin's seven pillars of health & wellness, a framework that adopts a holistic perspective on health and well-being.
monde nissin employees delivering donations from fundraising activity for chosen beneficiaries monde nissin corporation executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex upholding ethical governance monde nissin corporation 71 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex exercising good governance at monde nissin, leadership is guided by the values of good governance and the company’s aspiration.
it aspires to lead by example, integrating sustainability through compliance with applicable regulations, check-and-balance systems, fair corporate policies, and strict adherence to ethical business. 3-3 anti-corruption monde nissin if monde nissin fails to uphold its anti-corruption policy, potential negative impacts that may arise include prosecution, criminal liability, damage to reputation, the subsequent loss of government, business partner, shareholder, and investor confidence, and substantial financial loss.
monde nissin recognizes that bribery and corruption stifle competition, limit innovation, and cause harm to society.
in this regard, monde nissin is committed to acting in compliance with the anti-bribery laws in all of the countries in which it operates, with the highest standards of ethical business practice and conduct.
monde nissin's guiding principle is that “we do the right thing at all times,” which sets the expectation that all employees and parties that monde nissin conducts business with are to conduct themselves with the utmost integrity.
the company is committed to a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption, including any form of unethical inducement or payment such as facilitation payments and ‘kick-backs.’ monde nissin utilizes internal learning management systems, including an online certification course on anti-bribery and corruption abc that is deployed during onboarding to keep staff aware of the latest policies.
to increase the coverage of the abc training program, monde nissin has acquired new licenses and will roll-out dedicated training modules for rank-and-file employees.
the company also developed a condensed training video based on the abc training program in filipino.
the condensed training video communicates the topic to the employees’ primary language, making it easier to understand for employees across monde nissin, including those in operations and the warehouses.
in 2022, there were no cases of bribery and corruption in monde nissin.
available records also show no indicators of such incidences.
opportunities in this area include the potential full, 100% coverage of the abc training program to all employees and the consistent communication of anti-bribery and corruption policies to all active suppliers.
quorn foods for quorn foods, additional risks that arise from failing to uphold anti-corruption include paying higher costs to suppliers and gaining favorable consent from government bodies.
in this regard, quorn foods does not tolerate corruption and has policies in place to provide anti-corruption training to all managers and to regulate the receiving and giving of gifts.
the business also tracks gifts from suppliers and potential suppliers through individual declarations of staff in this area.
quorn foods’ staff awareness and training in anti-corruption has increased.
however, updated training has not yet covered new employees.
ggapp good governance advocates & practitioners of the philippines organizational launch and induction of the founding officers of ggapp other policies 2-15, 2-26, 3-3 monde nissin's comprehensive set of anti-bribery and ethics policies include: - code of conduct and ethics - anti-bribery and corruption policy - guidelines for gifts, entertainment, hospitality and sponsored travel - whistleblowing policy - conflicts of interest policy - guidelines for engaging business partners - guidance for corporate transactions - guidelines for the conduct of internal investigations - guidelines for corporate sponsorships, charitable donations and political contributions monde nissin's whistleblowing policy aims to provide a platform for employees, contractors, counterparties, and other stakeholders to raise serious and sensitive concerns of suspected improper activities relating to the business of monde nissin; ensure that such concerns are treated, handled, and/or addressed seriously and appropriately; and provide assurance that any person raising a concern in good faith will be protected from reprisals or retaliation.
the board of directors' responsibility to oversee that an appropriate internal control system is in place within the organization is embodied in monde nissin's revised manual on corporate governance cg manual and the board of directors' charter board charter.
monde nissin’s corporate governance, nomination, and remuneration committee cg-nrc champions adherence to the cg manual's provisions.
part of the internal control system is its conflict of interest policy and, to the extent applicable, monde nissin's material related party transactions policy mrpt policy which provide for monitoring and management mechanisms for material related party transactions mrpts, or actual or potential conflicts of interest involving or which may involve monde nissin's shareholders, directors, officers, employees, and other stakeholders.
monde nissin's cg manual and mrpt policy require directors to notify the board of directors before accepting a directorship in another company.
monde nissin's conflict of interest policy requires all covered persons, including directors, having a potential or actual conflict of interest to promptly disclose the matter to monde nissin.
under monde nissin's mrpt policy, directors who are related parties or who have a personal interest in an mrpt should recuse themselves and abstain from participating in discussions and voting on such transactions.
the risk and related party transactions committee rrptc aids the board in the discharge of its functions related to risk and mrpts.
pursuant to monde nissin's by-laws and cg manual, the rrptc, in relation to its mrpt functions, is responsible for evaluating, on an ongoing basis, existing relations between and among businesses and counterparties to ensure that all related parties, relationships with counterparties from non-related to related and vice versa are captured, to ensure that these are not undertaken on more favorable economic terms to such related parties than similar circumstances, and to determine any potential reputational risk issues that may arise as a result of or in connection with mrpts.
it is also the board's duty to ensure that appropriate disclosures are made, and information is provided to regulatory and supervising authorities relating to monde nissin's mrpt exposures.
incidents of corruption 205-3 disclosure : , monde nissin: , mnuk: , unit: : total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption, monde nissin: 0, mnuk: 0, unit: : number of incidents in which directors were removed or disciplined for corruption, monde nissin: 0, mnuk: 0, unit: : number of incidents in which employees were dismissed or disciplined for corruption, monde nissin: 0, mnuk: 0, unit: : number of incidents when contracts with business partners were terminated due to incidents of corruption, monde nissin: 0, mnuk: 0, unit: : public legal cases brought against the organization or its employees during the reporting period and the outcome of such cases, monde nissin: 0, mnuk: 0, unit: monde nissin corporation 73 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex governance structure 2-9 - shareholders - external auditor - chief compliance officer - corporate secretary - ceo and senior management - board of directors - board committees - corporate governance, nomination, and remuneration committee - audit committee - risk and related party transactions committee - executive committee - support functions - finance management - legal and compliance - corporate internal audit - risk - rest of the organization 74 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex the board of directors 2-9, 2-16 consistent with applicable laws, monde nissin’s amended by-laws establishes that the board of directors is monde nissin’s shareholder-elected governing body.
the board of directors, as the governing body elected by monde nissin’s stockholders, exercises all the corporate powers, controls all properties, and conducts all of monde nissin’s business, as mandated by ra 11232, or the revised corporation code of the philippines.
unless the board of directors has delegated to management the authority to implement any initiative, all concerns are brought up to the board of directors, whether directly or through the board of directors’ committees board committees; i.e., the cg-nrc, the audit committee, the rrptc, and the executive committee.
where a matter has been expressly delegated to management, management timely apprises the board of directors and/or the relevant board committee of significant updates and developments.
monde nissin’s board of directors comprises nine individuals, three of which are independent directors.
the independent directors are led by a lead independent director.
six out of nine members of the board of directors are non-executive directors who are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the company.
members of the board hartono kweefanus chairperson emeritus also: chairman of the board of monde m.y.
san corporation, pt khong guan biscuit indonesia, and kbt international holdings, inc.; director of monde land, inc., monde nissin singapore pte.
ltd., monde nissin international investments ltd., monde nissin holdings thailand ltd., monde nissin new zealand limited, suntrak corporation, monexco international ltd., and monde nissin thailand co., ltd.
graduated from nanyang university, singapore, majoring in industrial and business management.
mr.
kweefanus has been a monde director for 43 years.
kataline darmono chairperson of the board also: member, board of pt wahana mekar lestari and pt khong guan biscuit indonesia.
received her bachelor of arts, majoring in finance, from lehigh university, pennsylvania, usa, and her master of business administration from pepperdine university, california, usa.
joined monde nissin as non-executive director on april 12, 2021.
hoediono kweefanus vice-chairperson of the board also: president and director of p.t.
nissin biscuit and p.t.
monde makkota; vice-chairman of kbt international holdings, inc.; director of monde nissin singapore pte.
ltd., monde nissin international investments ltd., monde nissin holdings thailand ltd., monde nissin new zealand limited, monexco international ltd., and monde nissin thailand co., ltd.
graduated from nanyang university singapore with a bachelor of commerce degree.
mr.
kweefanus has been a monde nissin director for 10 years.
betty t.
ang director and president also a director of suntrak corporation.
graduated from assumption college with a bachelor of science in commerce, majoring in business management, and ms.
ang has been monde nissin president and director for more than 43 years, being with the company since its incorporation on may 23, 1979.
henry soesanto director, executive vice-president and ceo also: president of monde m.y.
san corporation, chairman of the board of sarimonde foods corporation, all fit & popular foods, inc., and monde nu-agri corporation, and director of monde land, inc., monde nissin singapore pte.
ltd., monde nissin uk ltd., monde nissin international investments ltd., monde nissin holdings thailand ltd., monde nissin new zealand limited, monde nu agri corporation, suntrak corporation, kbt international holdings, inc., monexco international ltd., and monde nissin thailand co.
ltd.
also treasurer and director at monde malee beverage corporation.
graduated from the institute of technology, surabaya, indonesia with a bachelor of science, majoring in chemical engineering, and a master of science in chemical engineering, and finished us-based ecornell university's plant-based nutrition certificate program.
mr.
soesanto has been a monde nissin director for 34 years, being with the company for 41 years. 75 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex monica darmono director and treasurer also: treasurer of director of kbt holdings, inc.
and monde malee beverage corporation, and director at monexco international ltd.
graduated from the standard college of singapore with a bachelor of science, majoring in accounting.
ms.
darmono has been a monde nissin director for 17 years.
romeo l.
bernardo lead independent director also current lead independent director of aboitiz equity ventures, inc.; independent director of philippine investment management phinma, inc.
and rfm corporation, and is a director of the bank of philippine islands and globe telecom.
also chairman of alfm family of funds, partner of globalsource partners singapore, the philippine advisors to wallace business forum, and a governor of the management association of the philippine world bank for economic freedom, a trustee of finex foundation, a member of the philippine world bank advisory group, and managing director of rl conciliators of the international centre for settlement of investment disputes of the world bank.
received a bachelor of science degree in business economics from the university of philippines magna cum laude and a masters degree in development economics from williams college, massachusetts, usa.
joined monde nissin as an independent director on may 10, 2022.
nina perpetua d.
aguas independent director also current chairperson of the board and executive trustee of insular healthcare inc.; chairperson of the boards of insular life management & development corporation, insular investment corporation, and insular foundation, inc.; director of unionbank of the philippines, and pilipinas shell petroleum corporation; trustee of the insurance institute for asia & the pacific.
she was the chairperson of the bank of florida until december 2021, and member of the world bank group’s advisory council on gender and development also until december 2021.
formerly ceo of the insular life assurance co.
ltd.; director, first communications: managing director and head of director and retail banking head - asia pacific of the citibank group: managing director and head of corporate center compliance in new york; country business manager of global consumer group gcg - philippines; head of sales and distribution, citigroup, asia pacific; regional audit director, citigroup - asia pacific.
received her bachelor of science in commerce, accounting from the university of santo tomas.
joined monde nissin as an independent director on april 15, 2021.
marie elaine teo independent director currently chairman of the teng ensemble ltd.; also: amiradou pte.
ltd., and ichx tech pte ltd; non-executive independent director of olam international ltd; and gk goh holdings ltd.
has around 20 years of public market investment experience.
formerly chairperson of capital international research group, managing director of capital international inc., asia, and director of mapletree oakwood holdings pte.
ltd.
held oversight and board level responsibilities in asia for global emerging markets and group operations across risk control, portfolio management, operations, human capital, and client services at the capital group companies.
holds a bachelor of arts honours in experimental psychology from oxford university.
joined monde nissin as an independent director on april 7, 2021.
monde nissin corporation 76 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex board nomination and election 2-10 pursuant to monde nissin's by-laws, cg manual, the board charter, and the cg-nrc's charter, the board of directors, through the cg-nrc, is responsible for ensuring that monde nissin has a formal and transparent nomination and election policy.
consistent with this mandate, the cg-nrc promulgates the rules governing the nomination and election of directors nomination and election rules and causes the same to be published on monde nissin's website from the opening of the nomination period to its close sixty calendar days before the date of the stockholders' regular meeting.
as stated in monde nissin's cg manual, all holders of common shares, including minority shareholders, have the right to nominate and elect directors in accordance with the revised corporation code of the philippines, monde nissin's by-laws, and the nomination and election rules.
shareholders including minority shareholders wishing to nominate a person for membership on monde nissin's board of directors are able to do so by submitting a nomination in the proper form and with the proper content to monde nissin's corporate secretary within the nomination period.
the cg-nrc is also responsible for ensuring that monde nissin has an effective, secure, and efficient voting system.
a third-party service provider is engaged to provide an online voting platform for shareholders, and an independent auditor performs independent testing of said voting platform and validates the votes cast by shareholders.
the cg-nrc is responsible for screening and shortlisting candidates to ensure that only those that possess all the qualifications and none of the disqualifications for directorship will be considered and included in the final list of qualified candidates.
the qualifications and disqualifications applicable to nominees for directorship can also be found in monde nissin's by-laws, charter, and nomination and election rules.
among other qualifications, a director is required to: - have at least one 1 share of stock in monde nissin standing in his/her name in the company's books not later than seven 7 days before he/she assumes his/her position as a member of the board of directors of monde nissin or the date of the stockholders' meeting where he/she is up for election, whichever is earlier; - have at least a college degree or its equivalent or adequate competence and understanding of the fundamentals of doing business or sufficient experience and competence in managing a business; - possess relevant qualifications, such as previous business experience, membership in good standing in the relevant industry, and membership in business or professional organizations; and - exercise integrity, probity, and diligence in the performance of his/her functions.
further, monde nissin's cg manual states that the membership of the board of directors should be diverse in order to avoid groupthink and to ensure that optimal decision-making is achieved.
board of directors diversity includes diversity in business experience, gender, age, ethnicity, skills, competence and knowledge.
the cg manual prescribes that the board shall, as much as possible, have a membership of at least 30% female directors, or at least three female directors, whichever figure is lower, at any given time.
monde nissin corporation 77 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex board training and evaluation 2-17, 2-18 directors are required to attend such number of hours of training per employee of continuing training involving courses on corporate governance and other related topics at least once a year as the same may be prescribed by the securities and exchange commission.
among the cg-nrc's functions is the recommendation of relevant training for directors.
the board of directors regularly conducts a self-assessment, where its members are asked to provide assessments on the following evaluation areas: the board of directors, the board of directors and its committees, including the relationship between board of directors and management, and independent directors and the board committees.
the cg-nrc oversees this periodic performance evaluation, and ensures that the results of the evaluation are shared and discussed, and that concrete action plans are developed and implemented to address the identified areas for improvement.
the performance assessment is conducted by an independent third-party consultant every three 3 years.
such third-party consultant is required, under monde nissin's cg manual, to be an acknowledged expert, general professional firm, company, or partnership, or practitioner in the fields of governance, management, behavioral psychology, law, or audit.
company communication and training on anti-corruption policies and procedures 205-2 table: disclosure : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: , units: : percentage of employees to whom the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, monde nissin: 100, quorn foods: 100, units: % : percentage of business partners to whom the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, monde nissin: 100, quorn foods: data unavailable, units: % : percentage of senior leaders that have received anti-corruption training, monde nissin: 100, quorn foods: data unavailable, units: % : percentage of employees that have received anti-corruption training, monde nissin: 42.6, quorn foods: data unavailable, units: % : percentage of governance body members that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, monde nissin: 100, quorn foods: 100, units: % : percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, monde nissin: 100, quorn foods: data unavailable, units: % this data collectively covers staff and up as well as rank and file.
for staff and up, 99.7% have received anti-corruption training.
for rank and file, 7.7% have received anti-corruption training.
monde nissin corporation 78 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex board committees pursuant to monde nissin’s by-laws, the board of directors has established the following committees to assist it in discharging its functions: the executive committee, the audit committee, the cg-nrc, and the rp-tc.
the board of directors is also empowered to establish any other board committees that focus on specific board functions that it may deem necessary or advisable with respect to monde nissin’s affairs.
the composition, functions, and responsibilities of the board committees are set out in monde nissin’s cg manual and the board committees’ respective charters.
monde nissin’s board and board committees are supported in their governance functions by management.
the qualifications and functions of key members of management are provided for in monde nissin’s by-laws and cg manual.
certain independent officers exercising control functions also assist the board of directors and the board committees, namely, the corporate secretary/chief legal counsel, the chief compliance officer, the chief risk officer, and the chief internal audit executive.
executive committee chairperson: henry soesanto director, executive vice-president and ceo members: - kataline darmono chairperson of the board - betty ang director and president - monica darmono director and treasurer - romeo l.
bernardo lead independent director under monde nissin’s by-laws and cg manual, the executive committee shall be composed of not less than three but not more than five members designated by the board, at least a majority of whom shall be members of the board.
currently, the executive committee’s members are all directors.
function: assists monde nissin’s board of directors and officers in the management and direction of the company, as well as exercising duties of the board of directors during the intervening period between board of directors meetings.
audit committee chairperson: nina perpetua d.
aguas independent director members: - romeo l.
bernardo lead independent director - marie elaine teo independent director under monde nissin’s by-laws and cg manual, the audit committee shall be composed of not less than three appropriately qualified non-executive directors, the majority of whom, including the audit committee’s chairperson, should be independent directors.
currently, the audit committee’s members, including its chairperson, are all independent directors.
function: serves to enhance the board of directors’ oversight capability over monde nissin’s financial reporting, internal control system, internal and external audit processes, and compliance functions.
monde nissin corporation 79 corporate governance, nomination, and remuneration committee cg-nrc chairperson marie elaine teo independent director members - romeo l.
bernardo lead independent director - nina perpetua d.
aguas independent director under monde nissin’s by-laws and cg manual, the cg-nrc shall be composed of at least three 3 non-executive directors, all of whom, as much as possible, should be independent directors, including its chairperson.
currently, the cg-nrc’s members, including its chairperson, are all independent directors.
function: assists the board of directors in the performance of its corporate governance responsibilities, supervises the nomination and selection of directors, recommends the proper remuneration of directors, oversees the periodic performance evaluation of the board and the board committees, and recommends relevant training for directors.
risk and related party transactions committee chairperson romeo l.
bernardo lead independent director members - nina perpetua d.
aguas independent director - marie elaine teo independent director under monde nissin’s by-laws and cg manual, the rrptc should be composed of at least three 3 non-executive directors, the majority of whom should be independent directors, including the chairperson.
currently, the rrptc’s members, including its chairperson, are all independent directors.
function: oversees the company’s enterprise risk management framework and system, and reviews mrpts.
monde nissin corporation 80 monde nissin logo the management team jesse c.
teo chief financial officer also: director at monde nissin singapore pte.
ltd., monde nissin uk ltd., monde nissin new zealand ltd., sarimonde foods corporation, all fit & popular foods, inc., and monde nu-agri; and chief financial officer at sarimonde foods corporation, all fit and popular foods, inc., and monde nu-agri corporation.
received his bs management - honours program from ateneo de manila university.
michael stanley d.
tan chief operations officer previously, value creation officer and supply chain director, asia; held various positions in procter and gamble in the philippines, vietnam, and malaysia across the 4 global business units including senior director and supply chain manager was asia internal consultant for integrated work system in product supply.
received his bachelor of science in electrical engineering magna cum laude from silliman university.
samuel c.
sih chief commercial officer he has degrees in bs commerce, a major in business management, and graduate studies - management from de la salle university.
melissa c.
pabustan chief marketing officer she was previously connected with rfm corporation.
has degrees in bs applied economics and bs marketing management from de la salle university.
michael j.
paska chief investor relations director previously: independent consultant at the asian development bank, and was connected with edtech capital advisors, amalgamated investment bancorporation, fortman cline capital markets, groveland capital, whitebox advisors, wachovia securities now wells fargo, progress energy now duke energy, andersen consulting now accenture, and the us'central intelligence agency cia.
he has a bachelor of science in electrical engineering from the university of minnesota, a master of economics from north carolina state university, and an mba from the university of chicago.
marivic n.
cajucom-uy chief sustainability officer joined monde nissin in 1989, serving in various capacities, including sustainability director, internal consulting director, core business strategy director, and marketing manager.
received her bachelor of arts in economics cum laude from the university of the philippines.
helen g.
tiu corporate secretary atty.
tiu was monde nissin's data protection officer from june 28, 2019 to march 22, 2022, and chief legal officer from july, 2017 to july 2022.
also director of sarimonde foods corporation, monde rizal properties, inc., monde malee beverage corporation, and monde nu-agri corporation; corporate secretary of monde m.y.
san corporation, sarimonde foods corporation, all fit & popular foods, inc., monde malee beverage corporation, and monde nu-agri corporation; trustee, harvard law school alumni association of the philippines; assistant corporate secretary, philstar daily, inc.; pilipino star ngayon, inc., and pilipino star philstar global corporation and js publications the freemanco., inc.
previously, independent director at nihao mineral resources international, inc., asiabest group international, inc., and dizcon copper silver mines, inc.; director in petron corporation; president of the harvard law school alumni association of the philippines; corporate secretary for aboitiz transport system atsc corporation now 2go group, inc.; partner in sg&v & co.; head executive assistant to the secretary of energy at the philippine department of energy; instructor at the college of business administration, university of the philippines.
member women lawyer's circle, inc., good governance advocates and practitioners of the philippines, up and harvard club of the philippines.
received her bachelor of science in business administration and accountancy cum laude, and bachelor of laws, from the university of the philippines, and her master of laws from harvard university.
jon edmarc r.
castillo chief compliance officer and company information officer previously: senior associate, sycip salazar hernandez & gatmaitan; litigation, labor, and permits manager, philex mining corporation; researcher, university of the philippines law center.
member and accredited arbitrator, integrated bar of the philippines.
certified compliance officer, center for global best practices.
member, philippine institute of arbitrators; member, good governance advocates and practitioners of the philippines.
completed data protection officer foundational and certification course, a joint offering of the university of the asia and pacific and center for research and communication.
received his bachelor of arts magna cum laude and juris doctor degrees from the university of the philippines.
monde nissin corporation 81 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex shiela alarcio chief internal audit executive previously: head, group internal audit, aia philamlife; head, internal audit, splash corporation; and senior audit manager, pricewaterhousecoopers manila and london.
received her bachelor of science in accountancy from st.
scholastica's college.
daniel teichert chief risk officer previously, various financial management roles, including: vice president finance and it sourcing division, siemens inc.
philippines; cfo, atos philippines; vice president corporate - head of finance, atlantic, gulf and pacific; member, good governance advocates and practitioners of the philippines.
he has degrees in industriekaufmann ihk, de from siemens ag stammhauslehre, bachelor in commercial economics from hogeschool zeeland, nl, and betriebswirt vwa, verwaltungs und wirtschaftsakademie, essen de.
katherine c.
lee-bacus assistant corporate secretary previously: associate, sycip salazar hernandez & gatmaitan; associate, risk and internal audit, isla lipana & co; audit specialist, bank of the philippine islands.
member, integrated bar of the philippines.
certified compliance officer, protection officer foundational and certification course, a joint offering of the university of the asia and pacific and center for research and communication.
received her j.d.
from ateneo law school, and her bachelor of science in accountancy magna cum laude from saint louis college.
anne katherine n.
santos assistant corporate secretary previously: senior associate, sycip salazar hernandez & gatmaitan.
member, integrated bar of the philippines.
certified compliance officer, protection officer foundational and certification course, a joint offering of the university of the asia and pacific and center for research and communication.
received her j.d.
from ateneo law school, and her b.s.
in management engineering from ateneo de manila university.
elvira s.
mensalvas quality assurance qa department head also: director, philippine chamber of food manufacturers, inc., and trustee, gs1 philippines, inc.
romeo l.
marañon, jr.
head of bakery business unit previously with monde nissin thailand co.
ltd.
as national sales manager and export business development manager.
received from the university of the philippines his bachelor of science in business administration, major in marketing management and masters in management, major in business administration and management, general.
wendy t.
antioquia regional research and development director previously: general manager-biscuits and wafer business unit, r&d head, and r&d specialist.
received her bachelor of science degree in food technology from the university of the philippines; member of the philippine association of food technologists.
luzviminda m.
mercurio chief people and culture officer previously: vice president for hr-training and staffing, ge consumer finance; hr and organization and talent development manager, mondelez philippines previously kraft foods philippines; regional learning and development lead - asean region, general electric; and leadership and management development program of the ateneo graduate school of business.
received her bachelor of arts in communication from the university of the philippines; finished the jocelyn jones go so chief information and digital officer previously with pccw solutions ltd as: senior vice president and cmt industry head; senior vice president, business process unit, hkt; and senior vice president, systems solutions development and integration.
received her bachelor of science in math, major in computer science from ateneo de manila university and her master of business administration, major in information technology from university of western sydney.
executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex making collective action possible monde nissin knows that sustainability solutions can’tonnes be achieved by the company alone.
while the company has already made its concrete commitments and targets, it is cognizant that collaboration is required to enhance positive impacts and create more meaningful change.
in the global environment where climate change affects entire ecosystems and social inequalities persist, monde nissin recognizes the need for collective action.
making better possible® can be achieved when like-minded individuals and organizations with common goals work together with internal and external stakeholders toward sustainable development.
in line with its strategic pillar of making collective action possible, monde nissin has forged cooperations and collaborated with organizations that share this common goal.
this has resulted in progress across the sustainability-related areas of the economy, planet, society, and governance.
monde nissin corporation 83 making collective action possible economy in envisioning a better economy, monde nissin works with partners and suppliers who can help invigorate its value chain and promote economically and socially sustainable impacts for the stakeholders involved.
msme’s, which include sari-sari stores, are potential distributors of monde nissin’s products down the supply chain.
monde nissin collaborated with government-owned small business corporation to launch rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program that can empower msmes by providing them with much-needed financing after the economic hardships brought about by the pandemic.
.
planet .
in making solutions for a better planet, monde nissin joins like-minded organizations and aligns itself with national and global strategic initiatives that act on climate change and environmental issues.
conscious of the impacts of unsustainable packaging on the environment, monde nissin is a member of parms, which works toward improving waste management practices across philippine organizations.
monde nissin continuously finds ways to reduce packaging usage, improves the number of recyclable packaging it uses, and adopts a zero waste-to-landfill approach in its operations.
society in caring for a better society, monde nissin amplifies its positive societal impacts by building an accessible, healthier, and better product portfolio.
through the philippine chamber of food manufacturers, inc.
pcfmi, the company takes part in supporting research projects that focus on affordable and nutritious food products that are fully-compliant with local and international standards on food safety.
.
governance .
in committing itself to upholding ethical governance, monde nissin’s oversight and strategic guidance is provided by the board of directors as the champion of ethical and good governance, and is steered towards that aspiration on a day-to-day basis by its top-level cross-functional management team that engages in leadership across the company’s different business units and functions.
key leaders with an intimate relationship with control and good governance include the chief compliance officer, the chief internal audit executive, the chief risk officer, and the chief legal counsel.
monde nissin’s legal & compliance, risk, and internal audit teams provided ready assistance to management and other leaders in ensuring that monde nissin’s governance systems are functioning and reliable.
the company constantly engages with regulatory bodies and the government to stay abreast of relevant laws and regulations that affect the business.
as a member of the good governance advocates & practitioners of the philippines, monde nissin goes beyond compliance by also taking part in promoting policy development and good governance practices.
moving forward, monde nissin will continue to pursue collaborative efforts and meaningful cooperations that advance progress on its sustainability goals.
monde nissin corporation 84 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex annex a: general disclosures 2-6 activities, value chain, and other business relationships monde nissin has long-term business relationships with downstream entities such as modern trade, general trade, cdn, foodservice, and e-commerce that sell and distribute products to intended customers.
relevant business relationships: sales small business corporation provides credit to sari-sari stores community distribution network dealers provides a good source of livelihood for the independent brand experts merchandising agencies ensures full availability of monde nissin's products on shelves finance banks provide products and services that optimize the value of monde nissin's money i.e.
credit, investment products, and improve the process i.e.
supply chain financing; offsite check printing and releasing corp comm caritas manila ngo for charitable donations rise against hunger ngo for charitable donations juanito king foundation ngo for charitable donations marketing advertising and media agencies consultants and/or consultancy agencies design packaging agencies 85 2-28 membership associations association: , description: , role: association: good governance advocates & practitioners of the philippines, description: promotes and advocates integrity, fairness, accountability, transparency, excellence, and environmental and social responsibility.
proactively engages with regulatory agencies and other government organizations to contribute to the continuous development of appropriate and progressive rules, standards, and practices on good governance., role: monde nissin's representative holds an officer role.
association: world instant noodles association, description: to accumulate and share information about technical issues related to the quality development of instant noodles so that people can enjoy instant noodles with safety and trust., role: monde nissin's representative is part of the board of governors.
association: philippine chamber of food manufacturers, inc., description: the principal organization of the manufacturers and distributors of food products in the philippines, providing to consumers safe, nutritious, and affordable processed food products that are compliant to local and international standards and regulations., role: monde nissin's representative holds a board position.
monde nissin contributes to research projects of the organization.
association: philippine alliance for recycling and materials sustainability, description: promotes stakeholder collaboration leading to sustainable consumption and production, reducing the country's waste footprint., role: monde nissin is an investing partner in the organization.
association: philippine institute for supply management, description: the country's premiere professional association of supply management practitioners., role: monde nissin's representative holds a board position.
monde nissin corporation 86 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex annex b: environmental data recycle-ready packaging materials disclosure monde nissin: , mn uk: , units: 2-27 environmental compliance disclosure monde nissin: , mfl: , units: note: monde nissin on september 8, 2022 settled a php4.46m assessment by the laguna lake development authority llda from a 2017 measurement of its total plant effluents vis-à-vis 1990 revised effluent standards for inland water “class c” in certain parameters.
monde nissin beginning august 6, 2018 has been found by the llda to have passed relevant effluent standards.
monde nissin received the assessment on august 25, 2022 with finality within 15 days from receipt of notice, or on or before september 9, 2022.
the llda computed the assessment as daily charges from may 4, 2017 to july 24, 2018 based on the llda's parameters for effluent standards.
beginning august 6, 2018, following the requisite inspection based on the company’s request for re-sampling, monde nissin was found to have passed relevant effluent standards as affirmed by the llda.
monde nissin corporation 87 supply chain management disclosure do you have a supplier accreditation policy?
y/n : , monde nissin: , quorn foods: : , monde nissin: y, quorn foods: y do you consider the following sustainability topics when accrediting suppliers?
y/n table: supplier sustainability topics disclosure: , monde nissin: , if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: , disclosure: , quorn foods: , if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: disclosure: environmental performance, monde nissin: y for selected industries, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: monde nissin has a vendor accreditation process to ensure it deals with duly registered and reputable supplier companies.
the process helps avoid risks and indirectly considers environmental and social topics through the submission of regulatory documents.
monde nissin also assesses credit risk through the dun and bradstreet database and evaluates third-party risk exposure to certain matters through refinitiv world-check., disclosure: environmental performance, quorn foods: y, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: the assessment of raw materials suppliers involves the use of a site audit questionnaire which is highlighted in the policy "technical approval of suppliers document mqa059" disclosure: forced labor, monde nissin: , if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: policies such as “engaging in business partners” & “conflicts of interest” involve performing due diligence on potential business partners.
anti-corruption risks are also assessed as mandated by the anti-bribery and corruption policy., disclosure: forced labor, quorn foods: y, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: covered by local laws disclosure: child labor, monde nissin: , if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: , disclosure: child labor, quorn foods: y, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: covered by local laws disclosure: human rights, monde nissin: y, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: , disclosure: human rights, quorn foods: y, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: covered by local laws disclosure: bribery and corruption, monde nissin: y, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: all vendors, agencies, and service providers are required to abide by the standards and laws set by regulatory bodies in contract with monde nissin.
the company also intends to update its supplier accreditation assessment to include sustainability topics., disclosure: bribery and corruption, quorn foods: y, if yes, cite reference in the supplier policy: covered by local laws monde nissin corporation 88 annex c: social data 401-2 benefits provided to regular employees table: benefits provided to regular employees disclosure: , y/n: , no.
of male regular employees who availed: , no.
of female regular employees who availed: , disclosure: , y/n: , no.
of male regular employees who availed: , no.
of female regular employees who availed: disclosure: sss, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 234, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 112, disclosure: housing, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 32, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 30 disclosure: philhealth, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 14, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 13, disclosure: retirement fund aside from sss, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 848, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 579 disclosure: pag-ibig, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 151, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 73, disclosure: further education support, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 9, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 6 disclosure: solo parent leaves, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 2, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 20, disclosure: company stock option/stock ownership, y/n: n, no.
of male regular employees who availed: n/a, no.
of female regular employees who availed: n/a disclosure: parental leaves maternity / paternity, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 52, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 9, disclosure: telecommuting, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 198, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 353 disclosure: paid extra leaves, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 1,127, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 722, disclosure: flexible working hours of training per employee, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 303, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 493 disclosure: paid vacation leaves, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 1,036, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 652, disclosure: others: above minimum wages, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 1,351, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 926 disclosure: paid sick leaves, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 730, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 507, disclosure: others: equitable severance pay, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 95, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 115 disclosure: sss sickness benefit, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 120, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 90, disclosure: others: flexible benefits, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 472, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 572 disclosure: medical benefits aside from philhealth, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 1,351, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 926, disclosure: others: access to health and wellness programs, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 1,351, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 926 disclosure: life insurance, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 1, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 0, disclosure: , y/n: , no.
of male regular employees who availed: , no.
of female regular employees who availed: disclosure: disability and invalidity coverage, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 2, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 0, disclosure: , y/n: , no.
of male regular employees who availed: , no.
of female regular employees who availed: disclosure: housing staff house, y/n: y, no.
of male regular employees who availed: 45, no.
of female regular employees who availed: 42, disclosure: , y/n: , no.
of male regular employees who availed: , no.
of female regular employees who availed: notes: all employees are entitled to solo parent leaves, provided that they have a dswd solo parent id.
for the year 2022, only 22 employees 2 male, 20 female were entitled to this since they were the only employees with the dswd solo parent id. 4.04-1 average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee disclosure unit total training hours of training per employee provided to regular employees hours of training per employee a.
female regular employees hours of training per employee b.
male regular employees hours of training per employee average training hours of training per employee provided to regular employees hr/employee a.
female regular employees hr/employee b.
male regular employees hr/employee total training hours of training per employee provided to probationary employees hours of training per employee a.
female probationary employees hours of training per employee b.
male probationary employees hours of training per employee average training hours of training per employee provided to probationary employees hr/employee a.
female probationary employees hr/employee b.
male probationary employees hr/employee monde nissin corporation notes: this data includes both regular and probationary employees.
annex d: sdg contributions summary monde nissin's corporate aspiration focuses on “creating sustainable solutions for food security.” through its products and marketing campaigns, monde nissin aims to provide delicious, affordable, accessible, and fortified food to consumers while promoting healthier eating habits.
it is currently finding ways to further improve the nutritional value of its products.
monde nissin operates a community distribution network that provides a source of livelihood to local community independent brand experts.
at the same time, it recognizes the value of its workforce and implements several employee volunteerism, engagement, and well-being programs.
innovation toward resource efficiency and monitoring and mitigating the environmental impacts of its manufacturing plants continue to be part of monde nissin’s sustainability initiatives.
furthermore, monde nissin imparts its progress to stakeholders through the publication of its sustainability report.
its internal stakeholders—employees—gain more knowledge on sustainability-related concepts through the company’s employee sustainability education and engagement campaign.
moving forward, monde nissin is looking for ways to improve its procurement practices to integrate sustainability-related factors.
monde nissin is cognizant of the environmental impacts of its operations.
to minimize negative impacts, the company has focused on adopting renewable energy at its manufacturing plants and devising effective water and energy efficiency initiatives.
monde nissin believes that a concerted effort is necessary for achieving its sustainability goals and targets.
it encourages a sustainability-focused mindset among its employees and is open to collaborating with other organizations and suppliers to find new ways to improve its current manufacturing practices.
monde nissin corporation global reporting initiative content index monde nissin corporation has reported the information cited in this global reporting initiative content index for the period from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 with reference to the global reporting initiative standards.
global reporting initiative 1 used is global reporting initiative 1: foundation 2021 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: , page number/s: , direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 2:, disclosure: 2-1, page number/s: 2-3, 10, 97, direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: general disclosures, disclosure: 2-2, page number/s: 3, direct answer: the chairperson of the board, ms.
kataline darmono, is a non-executive director who is not involved in the day-to-day operations of monde nissin.
global reporting initiative standard: 2021, disclosure: 2-3, page number/s: 3, direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-4, page number/s: , direct answer: this report does not contain restatements of information.
global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-5, page number/s: , direct answer: this report did not undergo external assurance.
global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-6, page number/s: 11-13, 85, direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-7, page number/s: 49, direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-9, page number/s: 74-76, direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-10, page number/s: 77, direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 2:, disclosure: 2-11, page number/s: , direct answer: chair of the highest governance body global reporting initiative standard: general disclosures, disclosure: 2-12, page number/s: 23, direct answer: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts global reporting initiative standard: 2021, disclosure: 2-13, page number/s: 23, direct answer: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-14, page number/s: 23, direct answer: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-15, page number/s: 73, direct answer: conflicts of interest global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-16, page number/s: 75, direct answer: communication of critical concerns global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-17, page number/s: 78, direct answer: collective knowledge of the highest governance body monde nissin corporation 92 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: , page number/s: , direct answer: global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 2: general disclosures 2021, disclosure: 2-18, page number/s: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, direct answer: 78 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-22, page number/s: statement on sustainable development strategy, direct answer: 4-9 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-26, page number/s: mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, direct answer: 73 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-27, page number/s: compliance with laws and regulations, direct answer: 87 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-28, page number/s: membership associations, direct answer: 86 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-29, page number/s: approach to stakeholder engagement, direct answer: 19 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 2-30, page number/s: collective bargaining agreements, direct answer: 57 global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-1, page number/s: process to determine material topics, direct answer: 19 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 3-2, page number/s: list of material topics, direct answer: 20 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 3-3, page number/s: management of material topic, direct answer: 28-29 global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 201: economic performance 2016, disclosure: 201-1, page number/s: direct economic value generated and distributed, direct answer: 29 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 201-2, page number/s: financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change, direct answer: 28-29 global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 204: procurement practices 2016, disclosure: 3-3, page number/s: management of material topic, direct answer: 31-32 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 204-1, page number/s: proportion of spending on local suppliers, direct answer: 32 global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 205: anti-corruption 2016, disclosure: 3-3, page number/s: management of material topic, direct answer: 72-73 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 205-2, page number/s: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, direct answer: 78 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 205-3, page number/s: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, direct answer: 73 global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 301: materials 2016, disclosure: 3-3, page number/s: management of material topic, direct answer: 41 global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 302: energy 2016, disclosure: 3-3, page number/s: management of material topic, direct answer: 35-36 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 302-1, page number/s: energy consumption within the organization, direct answer: 38 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 302-3, page number/s: energy intensity, direct answer: 35-36 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 302-4, page number/s: reduction of energy consumption, direct answer: 38 global reporting initiative standard: global reporting initiative 303: water and effluents 2018, disclosure: 3-3, page number/s: management of material topic, direct answer: 44-45 global reporting initiative standard: , disclosure: 303-1, page number/s: interactions with water as a shared resource, direct answer: 44-45 monde nissin corporation 93 executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex global reporting initiative standard disclosure page number/s direct answer global reporting initiative 303: water and effluents 2018 303-2 management of water discharge-related impacts 44-45 303-3 water withdrawal 46 303-4 water discharge 46 303-5 water consumption 46 global reporting initiative 305: emissions 2016 3-3 management of material topic 36, 39 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions 39 305-2 energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 39 305-4 greenhouse gas emissions intensity 39-40 305-5 reduction of greenhouse gas emissions 40 global reporting initiative 306: waste 2020 3-3 management of material topic 42 306-1 waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 42 306-2 management of significant waste-related impacts 42 306-3 waste generated 43 306-4 waste diverted from disposal 43 306-5 waste directed to disposal 43 global reporting initiative 308: supplier environmental assessment 2016 3-3 management of material topic 31-32 global reporting initiative 401: employment 2016 3-3 management of material topic 48-49 401-2 benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees 89 global reporting initiative 402: labor/management relations 2016 3-3 management of material topic 57 402-1 minimum notice periods regarding operational changes 57 global reporting initiative 403: occupational health and safety 2018 3-3 management of material topic 54-55 403-1 occupational health and safety management system 54-55 403-2 hazard identification, risk assessment and incident investigation 54-55 403-3 occupational health services 54-55 403-4 worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 54-55 monde nissin corporation 94 global reporting initiative standard direct answer global reporting initiative 403: occupational health and safety 2018 worker training on occupational health and safety promotion of worker health prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system work-related injuries work-related ill health global reporting initiative 404: training and education 2016 management of material topic average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs global reporting initiative 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 management of material topic diversity of governance bodies and employees global reporting initiative 406: non-discrimination 2016 management of material topic incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken global reporting initiative 407: freedom of association and collective bargaining 2016 management of material topic operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk global reporting initiative 408: child labor 2016 management of material topic operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor global reporting initiative 409: forced or compulsory labor 2016 management of material topic operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor global reporting initiative 413: local communities 2016 management of material topic operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities monde nissin corporation 95 global reporting initiative standard direct answer global reporting initiative 414: supplier social assessment 2016 global reporting initiative 416: customer health and safety 2016 global reporting initiative 417: marketing and labeling 2016 global reporting initiative 418: customer privacy 2016 monde nissin corporation 96 monde nissin logo executive messages meet monde nissin sustainability at monde nissin a better economy a better planet a better society upholding ethical governance making collective action possible annex contact information 2-1 monde nissin corporation felix reyes street, barangay baliuag city of santa rosa, laguna philippines tel: 632 7754-8100 investor relations michael j.
paska chief investor relations officer email: investor.relations@mondenissin.com tel: 632 7754-8100 corporate communications mark tiangco corporate communications head email: mtiangco@mondenissin.com monde nissin corporation 97 making better possible felix reyes street, barangay balibago city of santa rosa, laguna philippines tel: 632 7754-8100 https://mondenissin.com/ sustainability consulting, editorial, and design by drink sustainability communications www.drinkph.comdollar
