. city developments limited integrated sustainability report 2022 zero in on future value there is no textual content or tables to extract from the provided image.
the image is primarily a cover page with a logo and title.
cdl integrated sustainability report 2022 conserving as we construct since 1995 dedicated to sustainability integration 2021 sustainability highlights page 4 about cdl page 5 sustainability accolades & awards page 7 executive chairman statement page 8 group ceo statement page 10 longstanding & unwavering leadership commitment page 14 market review & performance page 16 sustainable finance page 17 delivering value & best practices creating sustainable growth while delivering on purpose page 19 on track to achieving future value 2030 goals & annual targets page 22 dynamic approach to materiality assessment page 24 turning risks to opportunities for sustainability page 30 integrating sustainability into our value chain page 37 best practices & esg commitments page 38 driving innovation & building performance smart, sustainable & super low carbon 3s building framework page 42 driving innovation & digital transformation page 45 championing innovation through partnerships page 47 innovation highlights for safe, healthy & smart buildings page 50 uplifting customer experience through digital engagement page 52 delivering quality buildings and high safety standards page 55 decarbonising towards net zero enhanced ambition in the global race to net zero page 58 carbon reduction strategy & performance page 60 energy reduction strategy & performance page 64 climate change scenario analysis of 1.5°c warmer scenario page 68 water reduction strategy & performance page 70 waste management strategy & performance page 74 minimising environmental impact on our communities page 76 achieving a resilient supply chain & sustainable sourcing page 78 protecting biodiversity & natural habitats page 81 determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment corporate governance page 84 corporate policies & guidelines page 85 dedication to occupational health, safety & well-being page 87 human capital & development page 92 developing sustainable communities community investments page 101 international and local 3p partnerships and thought leadership initiatives in 2021 page 103 trade and industry associations page 111 tcfd, cdsb & sasb disclosures tcfd disclosure page 114 cdsb disclosure page 121 sasb real estate sector disclosure page 122 annexes report period & scope page 127 key performance summary page 129 breakdown of environmental performance in 2021 page 133 iso 14064 reasonable assurance statement page 134 independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb page 136 independent limited assurance statement cdsb, tcfd page 150 gri content index page 154 note : page numbers are referenced for easier navigation in the original report.
there are no tables or charts present in the provided image.
glossary of key abbreviations 3p – people, public and private 3s green building framework – smart, sustainable and super low carbon green building framework abc waters – active, beautiful, clean waters afr - accident frequency rate ai - artificial intelligence arc - audit and risk committee bca – building and construction authority bia – biodiversity impact assessment bipv – building-integrated photovoltaics bsc - board sustainability committee cdsb – climate disclosure standards board cix - climate impact exchange conquas – construction quality assessment system cso - chief sustainability officer ec - executive condominium ehs – environment, health and safety eia – environmental impact assessment eic - enterprise innovation committee erm - enterprise risk management esg - environmental, social, governance greenhouse gas – greenhouse gas gri - global reporting initiative hpb - health promotion board hr - human resource hods – heads of departments iaq – indoor air quality ieq – indoor environmental quality iot – internet of things ipcc – intergovernmental panel on climate change issb - international sustainability standards board mom – ministry of manpower mse – ministry of sustainability and the environment nbs - nature-based solutions ncs - natural climate solutions nea – national environment agency ngfs – network for greening the financial system ngo – non-governmental organisation nlb – national library board ppvc - prefabricated prefinished volumetric construction pub – pub, singapore's national water agency pv - photovoltaics raise – singapore centre for social enterprise rec – renewable energy certificate r&d – research and development sasb - sustainability accounting standards board sbti - science based targets initiative sec - singapore environment council seris - solar energy research institute of singapore sgbc - singapore green building council sgx – singapore exchange sle - super low energy smm – safe management measures ssa - singapore sustainability academy sutd - singapore university of technology and design tafep – tripartite alliance for fair & progressive employment practices tcfd - task force on climate-related financial disclosures top - temporary occupation permit un sdgs – united nations sustainable development goals undp – united nations development programme unep – united nations environment programme unfccc - united nations framework convention on climate change ungc - united nations global compact ura – urban redevelopment authority uvc - ultraviolet c vrf – value reporting foundation wfh - work from home worldgbc - world green building council wsh - workplace safety and health 2021 sustainability highlights cdl cso invited to speak at cop26 panels: cdl was the only singapore company in attendance.
premier standing: ranked among the top 13 global sustainability ratings, rankings, and indexes.
global recognition: ranked 5th in the global 100 most sustainable corporations in the world; top real estate management and development company globally.
cdp performance: maintained double 'a's in cdp for climate change since 2018 and water security since 2019 ; cdp supplier engagement leader for the 2nd consecutive year.
gresb leadership: gresb global sector leader and overall regional sector leader diversified – office/retail . terra carta seal: only singapore company awarded the terra carta seal by hrh the prince of wales.
worldgbc commitment: one of 44 signatories globally to pledge to worldgbc's net zero carbon buildings commitment covering whole life carbon.
carbon emissions reduction: raised scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions intensity reduction target to 63% from new baseline year 2016 , validated by science based targets initiative.
42% reduction in carbon emissions intensity from 2007 levels.
bca green mark certifications: 114 bca green mark certifications for developments and office interiors – most awarded bca green mark platinum amongst private developers.
bca green mark platinum super low energy certification: first bca green mark platinum super low energy certification for residential building and serviced apartments, office and retail buildings for 80 anson road.
energy savings: $34 million in energy savings from energy-efficient retrofitting and initiatives across all commercial buildings from 2012 to 2021. sustainable financing: $3 billion sustainable financing secured since 2017. group revenue: $2.6 billion group revenue in 2021. includes subsidiaries and associated companies.
notes: this report summarizes cdl's sustainability achievements in 2021. the data reflects the company's performance across various environmental, social, and governance esg initiatives.
about cdl city developments limited cdl is a leading global real estate company with a network spanning 112 locations in 29 countries and regions.
listed on the singapore exchange, the group is one of the largest companies by market capitalisation.
our income-stable and geographically-diverse portfolio comprises residences, offices, hotels, serviced apartments, shopping malls and integrated developments.
with a proven track record of over 55 years in real estate development, investment and management, cdl has developed over 47,000 homes and owns over 23 million area in square feet of gross floor area in residential, commercial and hospitality assets globally.
our diversified global land bank offers 3.5 million area in square feet of land area.
along with our wholly-owned hotel subsidiary, millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c , the group has 152 hotels and 44,000 rooms worldwide, many in key gateway cities.
leveraging our deep expertise in developing and managing a diversified asset base, the group is focused on enhancing the performance of our portfolio and strengthening our recurring income streams to deliver long-term sustainable value to shareholders.
the group is also developing a fund management business and targets to achieve united states dollar 5 billion in assets under management aum by 2023. vision, mission and values since the 1990s, sustainability has been integrated into cdl's corporate vision and mission to create enhanced value for our business and stakeholders.
our sustainability vision and mission support cdl's business objectives and growth strategy as we evolve into the global real estate conglomerate of today.
corporate vision and mission we aim to be recognised by customers, employees and peers as an innovative creator of quality and sustainable spaces.
we will: conceptualise spaces and solutions respect planet earth encourage diversity of people and ideas advance the communities we operate in take prudent risk for sustainable returns embrace a forward-looking mindset corporate values innovation: is crucial to our success collaboration: is the best way to achieve exponential results integrity: is at the core of everything that we do corporate ethos conserving as we construct sustainability vision changing the climate.
creating sustained value.
sustainability mission harnessing our capitals with strong esg performance to create long-term value for our business, stakeholders, and the environment.
image description: a line drawing of a modern cityscape, likely representing cdl's portfolio of buildings.
dedicated to sustainability integration the image shows a mother and daughter engaging in a planting activity, superimposed onto an underwater scene.
this visually represents the company's commitment to sustainability.
sustainability accolades & awards . only company in southeast asia & hong kong to maintain double 'a's for climate change since 2018 & water security since 2019 ; only singapore company to score an a in 2021 . top 8% amongst cdp participants for supplier engagement on climate change . world's top real estate management & development company; top singapore company; only singapore company listed for 13 consecutive years; ranked 5th overall . global sector leader & overall regional sector leader diversified - office/retail . only singapore real estate company since 2018 . dow jones sustainability indices world and asia pacific since 2011; s&p global sustainability yearbook 2022 member . since 2018 . since 2014 . 'aaa' rating since 2010 . since 2002 . rated prime since 2018; esg leaders index; esg transparency index since 2016 other accolades and awards: asia sustainability reporting awards 2020 best integrated report – gold best integrated report design – gold best carbon disclosure – gold best materiality reporting – gold best environmental reporting – silver dads for life & centre for fathering great companies for dads award equileap gender equality 2021 global report and ranking top-ranked singapore company hr asia awards 2021 best companies to work for in asia human resources director asia 5-star employer of choice awards 2021 – winner idc future enterprise awards 2021 best in future of connectedness president's challenge token of appreciation royal society for the prevention of accidents rospa awards 2021 order of distinction for 16 consecutive golds singapore governance and transparency index 2021 ranked 4th out of 519 companies sustainable business awards 2020/21 overall winner large corporation winner – sustainability strategy winner – energy management terra carta seal only singapore company awarded workplace safety and health awards 2021 wsh developer award notes: this list is not exhaustive.
for a full listing of cdl corporate and project awards, please refer to . for a full listing of cdl sustainability awards, please refer to . the use by cdl of any msci esg research llc or its affiliates "msci" data, and the use of msci logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of cdl by msci.
msci services and data are the property of msci or its information providers, and are provided 'as-is', and without warranty.
msci names and logos are trademarks or service marks of msci.
executive chairman statement in this decade of urgent action, cdl will continue to raise the bar for esg integration and set new benchmarks for a greener, more inclusive world.
dear stakeholders, 2021 has been a year of recalibration.
it saw us navigate the winds of change towards a "new normal" and accelerate towards a net zero world.
in a year characterized by global economic, climate and social disruptions, the world has shifted its focus towards recovery and resilience.
the harsh reality is that climate change has not ceased during the covid-19 pandemic and has continued to threaten humanity and our living environment.
extreme weather has already destroyed homes, businesses, and lives causing trillions of dollars in damages.
despite these, discussions at cop26 were heartening.
countries have agreed to review their plans to align with the paris agreement target of limiting global warming up to 1.5°c compared to pre-industrial levels.
the global climate summit also saw the unprecedented commitments to net zero goals and the pledging of trillions of dollars required to fund the transition towards a more sustainable future in the private sector.
cdl is proud to be one of the companies which has committed to a zero-carbon future, through our world green building council worldgbc net zero carbon buildings commitment made in february 2021. as the world continues to adapt to the disruptions caused by covid-19, transformation is key for corporates to transition towards a greener future.
at cdl, sustainability has been integral to our business strategy for the past two decades.
with the support of multiple stakeholders, we have achieved great progress.
however, the deep urgency of climate change is imminent, and we must continue to do more.
maintaining operational resilience amidst global uncertainties and challenges, cdl remains convicted to integrating economic, environmental, social and governance factors into our core business.
this has enabled us to pre-empt and mitigate enterprise risk, contributing to the long-term success of our company.
due to the prolonged impact of covid-19, the road to recovery remains uneven.
however, the accelerated vaccine deployment across the world and the gradual easing of border restrictions serves as light at the end of the tunnel.
despite these challenges, the group has returned to profitability for 2h 2021 and fy2021.
with hotel operations showing significant improvement, the hospitality sector's rebound is imminent.
the property development segment contributed almost half of the group's total revenue, propelled by strong performing singapore projects such as whistler grand, amber park, the tapestry and irwell hill residences, as well as overseas projects, including shenzhen longgang tusincere tech park, and contribution from new zealand land sales.
with the tightened social and workplace measures over the past two years, our global tenants remain significantly impacted.
since the beginning of the pandemic in 2020, we have provided over $40 million in property tax and rental rebates, operational and marketing support to our tenants to help them navigate through these challenging times.
millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c , our hospitality arm, also rolled out support programmes to frontline healthcare workers and displaced guests.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
executive chairman statement in spite of the global pandemic and the resurgence of infections, the group will continue to forge ahead with resilience and agility, accelerating our creation of innovative and green solutions.
our strong focus on capital recycling and our prudent corporate strategy continue to put us in good stead to emerge stronger.
building climate resilience while the world races towards its net zero goals, singapore has been steadfast in its commitment.
in her national statement at cop26, minister for sustainability and the environment, ms grace fu, highlighted the singapore green plan 2030 as a nationwide movement to fight climate change, emphasizing singapore's resolve to contribute to international climate action.
in february 2022, the government cemented these commitments, announcing that singapore would raise its ambition to achieve net zero emissions by or around 2050. there are also plans in the pipeline to progressively increase carbon tax from 2024 to 2030, to help achieve these goals.
singapore further demonstrated this commitment by strengthening the regulatory requirements for reporting disclosures.
in august 2021, the singapore exchange regulation proposed a roadmap for climate-related disclosures to be mandated for listed companies in singapore, and for greater efforts to enhance board diversity.
this is amid "urgent demand for such information from lenders, investors, and other key stakeholders", demonstrating clear stakeholder demand for relevant, comparable, and consistent disclosures from companies.
our leadership commitment to a net zero future with covid-19 being a "wake-up call" for decision-makers to prioritize a more sustainable approach to investment, esg has now become a competitive advantage for companies.
leading asset managers blackrock¹ and morgan stanley² have published data that sustainable funds have outperformed their non-esg peers, and bloomberg reported that esg assets may hit united states dollar53 trillion by 2025, which is more than a third of projected global aum.³ it is our long-standing belief that sustainability is a journey, and one that we are proud to have begun since 1995. at this critical juncture in history, we recognize that corporates play a crucial role in helping the world achieve its net zero goals.
cdl's recognition in multiple esg indices and awards is a testament to the dedication of our management team and staff.
in 2021, we are honored to remain listed on 13 global ratings, rankings and indices.
we have maintained double 'a's in the 2021 cdp global a list for corporate climate action and water security and are the only company in southeast asia and hong kong to score 'a' for corporate climate action for four consecutive years.
with our management's unwavering support and tireless dedication in driving corporate sustainability, we have ranked 5th on the corporate knights 2022 global 100 most sustainable corporations in the world and emerged as the top real estate management and development company globally.
this marks our best performance since 2010. pressing onward as the saying goes, the only constant in life is change.
while the pandemic has brought disruptions and challenges, we have chosen to turn these into opportunities for innovation and collaboration.
decarbonisation and creating positive impact that is aligned with the un sdgs will remain a key focus for our business.
with effect from 1 january 2022, mr philip yeo has stepped down as a board sustainability committee bsc member.
on behalf of the board, we thank him for his stewardship and strategic guidance in contributing to cdl's sustainability leadership.
effective on the same date, we also welcomed two new bsc members – mrs wong ai ai and mr chong yoon chou, who will help raise our climate governance.
the board continues to support management's unwavering commitment to green buildings and setting ambitious targets and strategies under the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint, with a desire to move the needle in the race to net zero.
in this decade of urgent action, cdl will continue to raise the bar for esg integration and set new benchmarks for a greener, more sustainable world.
kwek leng beng executive chairman footnotes: 1. sustainable investing is the future.
ishares by blackrock.
2. sustainable investing during coronavirus.
morgan stanley, 24 february 2021. 3. esg assets may hit united states dollar53 trillion by 2025, a third of global aum.
bloomberg professional services, 23 february 2021. group ceo statement cdl is well placed to navigate the ever-evolving sustainability development and rising investor expectations globally and locally.
our environmental, social and governance esg strategy and ethos has positioned us well in the race to zero.
dear stakeholders, the world is in a dire climate emergency.
the warmest period in the past 170 years is the last seven years¹, making the past 10 years from 2012 to 2021 the warmest decade on record.
south asia countries such as india, china, thailand and myanmar continued to experience raging floods.
closer to home, singapore was hit with flash floods incidents and warmer temperatures.
in 2021, the intergovernmental panel on climate change's 6th assessment report was deemed a "code red for humanity".² embracing sustainability is no longer a choice, but a critical necessity.
the world economic forum's wef global risks report 2022 reported that environmental risks were perceived to be the five most critical long-term threats in the next 10 years.
climate action failure was deemed the most critical, with most commentators positing that too little was being done.³ wef even asserted that the covid-19 pandemic pales in comparison to the long-term risks of climate change.⁴ this signals the severity of climate change concerns.
it is no longer just about short-term profitability for companies across the globe.
for companies to retain their competitive advantage and create enduring value, leaders must first accept that sustainability is material to a company's long-term growth.
integrating sustainability into their business strategies is critical to building resilience and being ready for unprecedented challenges.
however, cop26 gave renewed hope for global collaboration to galvanise change for a 1.5°c warmer scenario by 2030. zeroing in on future value cdl is well placed to navigate the ever-evolving sustainability landscape and rising investor expectations globally.
our environmental, social and governance esg strategy, coupled with our ethos of "conserving as we construct", has positioned us well in the race to zero.
we remain committed to achieving three deliverables: "decarbonisation”, “digitalisation & innovation" and "disclosure and communication”.
our value creation business model, anchored on four key pillars—integration, innovation, investment, and impact has helped us establish a strong foundation for further advancement.
as a demonstration of our commitment, in february 2021, cdl signed the world green building council worldgbc 's net zero carbon buildings commitment, and is the first real estate conglomerate in southeast asia to do so.
this is our pledge to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030. in november, we expanded our commitment towards a net-zero whole life carbon-built environment, which will include reducing embodied carbon.
this decision marks a leap forward in our decarbonisation journey, and we will continue enhancing our emissions pathways to reach this ambitious goal.
we have also stepped up our decarbonisation commitment, aligning ourselves with even more ambitious carbon emissions reduction targets that have been assessed and validated by the science based targets initiative sbti . the revised targets will help accelerate climate action to limit global warming to 1.5°c and support cdl's worldgbc net zero carbon buildings commitment.
notes: 1. 2021 among earth's hottest years, un says as climate meetings start.
bloomberg, 31 october 2021. 2. climate change: ipcc report is 'code red for humanity'.
bbc, 9 august 2021. 3. the global risks report 2022, 17th edition, world economic forum.
4. global risks report 2022: what you need to know.
world economic forum, 11 january 2022. group ceo statement in november 2021, through the pilot auction of climate impact x cix , cdl successfully secured high-quality carbon credits for offsetting greenhouse gas emissions from our operations.
these credits, sourced from natural climate solutions, will be utilized over the next three years to offset an estimated 6% to 7% of emissions from our operations per year, complementing cdl's net zero targets by 2030. we will continue to explore innovative solutions to support our decarbonization efforts.
whilst we have made good progress over the past two decades, there is always room to do more.
cdl will continue to embrace change, transform our business, and champion innovative solutions to future-proof our business and create value for our stakeholders.
"racing to net zero as one will remain the cornerstone for our sustainability strategy in this decade of action." integration: ensuring strong fundamentals for business and climate resilience climate risks are investment risks, and the business case for sustainability reporting has never been stronger.
cdl was the first singapore company to publish a dedicated sustainability report in 2008. since then, we have released 15 sustainability reports covering an increasingly wider scope and aligning ourselves to the best market standards each time.
target setting, tracking, and reporting have helped us to align ourselves with global and local goals, identify gaps and commit to strategic action for better deliverables.
cdl also continues to cultivate responsible business values and supports the united nations global compact's initiatives, upholding its ten principles.
to emphasize the urgency and importance of climate action, the singapore exchange regulation announced in august 2021 that climate-related disclosures guided by the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd would be progressively made mandatory in the coming years.
additionally, in october 2021, the gri standards were strengthened, setting a new global benchmark for corporate transparency built on concepts of impact, material topics, human rights due diligence, and stakeholder engagement.
in february 2022, the singapore government announced an enhanced climate ambition and commitment for the country to achieve net zero emissions by or around 2050. the singapore budget 2022 also included plans to progressively increase carbon tax from 2024 to 2030, to help achieve the national net zero goal.
the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint, established in 2017, maps out our strategic goals and esg targets and is effectively integrated into cdl's business strategy and operations.
since then, we have continued to track and report our performance quarterly and annually.
to address changing stakeholder expectations, tackle emerging risks, and future-proof our business, we have conducted annual materiality assessments since 2014. today, the top five issues comprise: climate resilience, energy efficiency and adoption of renewables, innovation, stakeholder impact and partnerships, as well as product/service quality and responsibility.
innovation: digitalisation and sustainable technologies for a green revolution a low-carbon future is not possible without smart and sustainable solutions.
innovation has been one of cdl's top esg issues since 2017. in 2021, it was once again ranked as one of the top three material issues.
in the past year, we have prioritized and intensified our search and application of viable green technology solutions, whilst tapping on the power of cross-sector partnerships.
cdl's strategic r&d partnership with the nus college of design and engineering to develop smart home innovations continues to deliver impactful results.
cdl piloted the acoustic friendly ventilation window at irwell hill residences in 2021. this provides four times better ventilation as compared to an open conventional window, and reduces environment noise up to four times more than usual.
cdl also invested in taronga ventures, an apac-based proptech vc fund, to accelerate the implementation of sustainability-focused innovations that will support our commitment to achieve net-zero operational carbon by 2030 for new and existing wholly-owned assets and developments under our direct operational and management control.
to further complement cdl's net zero goal, cdl introduced a smart, sustainable and super low energy 3s green building framework in 2020. this was established to expand cdl's green procurement guidelines and is aligned with bca's super low energy sle programme requirements, as well as international standards for advancing health and well-being in buildings.
in 2021, in alignment with the expanded worldgbc net zero carbon commitment, we updated the 3s green building framework to include embodied carbon management.
from encouraging electric vehicle ev adoption via deploying ev chargers at our properties to greening our city, we are well placed to accelerate singapore's national sustainability.
group ceo statement we will continue to search for and adopt sustainable building technologies to support the national vision for a smarter, greener and more liveable singapore.
investment: building leverage for the future via sustainable finance cdl group reported a return to profitability with net attributable profit after tax and non-controlling interest patmi of $129.7 million for the second half-year 2021 2h 2021 and $97.7 million for the full year ended 31 december 2021 fy 2021 . revenue for 2h 2021 increased by 38.4% to $1.4 billion 2h 2020: $1.0 billion and 24.5% to $2.6 billion for fy 2021 fy 2020: $2.1 billion . for 2h 2021, the group saw a jump in revenue contribution from its hotel operations segment across all regions, particularly in the us and europe, driven by accelerated global vaccine distribution and the gradual relaxation of travel restrictions.
as the demand for green financing grows in the acceleration towards climate action, companies with strong esg performance will gain better access to esg investment funds, and sustainable finance.
in september 2021, cdl became a proud signatory of the un principles for responsible investment pri , an investor initiative in partnership with unep finance initiative and the un global compact.
as of november 2021, the total aum of companies that are committed to pri was more than united states dollar121 trillion, signalling a rapidly accelerating transition towards sustainable assets.
in december 2021, we rolled out our sustainable investment principles sip . this reinforces cdl's commitment in taking proactive action in assessing potential portfolio risks and opportunities for sustainable investment decisions.
the sip complements our existing esg policies and guidelines.
furthermore, the sip is formulated in line with the glasgow climate pact and aligned with the global best practices laid out in the united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs , un pri, tcfd, united nations environment programme finance initiative unep fi and other relevant frameworks.
since issuing our first green bond in 2017, we have amassed more than $3 billion of sustainable finance, including various green loans, a green revolving credit facility, and a sustainability-linked loan.
in april 2021, cdl's south beach consortium secured a 5-year green loan totalling $1.22 billion – one of singapore's largest green loans to date.
in august 2021, cdl and its jv partner jointly secured green loans amounting to $847 million for the financing of two upcoming developments in singapore – piccadilly grand and tengah garden walk ec.
as a green developer, we are heartened that our strong sustainability track record enables cdl to tap into the fast-growing sustainable financing pool to benefit our joint venture projects, sharing our green vision of a low-carbon future with our like-minded partners.
for our successful r&d and pilot of digihub, cdl secured a discount on the sdg innovation loan provided by dbs bank, making us the first singapore entity to achieve a discount on a sustainability-linked loan through the adoption of an innovative project that supports the un sdgs on a large-scale basis.
more information can be found on page 17 of this report.
impact: a nexus for change from aligning with global agendas to our recognition as a thought leader, cdl continues to be a driving force in the sustainability landscape.
"in september 2021, cdl became a proud signatory of the un principles for responsible investment pri , an investor initiative in partnership with unep finance initiative and the un global compact." what gets measured gets managed.
tracking the impact of our corporate sustainability efforts drives continuous improvement.
we are glad that our performance has been affirmed by leading global sustainability benchmarks and rankings.
for the full listing, please refer to page 7 of this report for more details: global 100 most sustainable corporations in the world by corporate knights: ranked 5th in 2022, maintaining ranking as the world's most sustainable real estate management and development company for the fourth consecutive year as well as the only singapore company listed for 13 consecutive years cdp: the only company in southeast asia and hong kong to maintain double 'a's for climate change since 2018 and water security since 2019 dow jones sustainability indices djsi : recognised as an index component in the djsi world and djsi asia pacific indices since 2011 msci esg research: maintained 'aaa' leader rating since 2010 group ceo statement global real estate sustainability benchmark gresb 2021: global sector leader diversified – office/retail and overall regional sector leader diversified – office/retail bloomberg gender-equality index gei : listed on the bloomberg gei 2022 since 2018 sustainalytics: 2022 industry top-rated and regional top-rated we are also proud to be one of 45 global companies and the only singapore company to receive his royal highness the prince of wales' terra carta seal.
this seal is part of the sustainable markets initiative and recognises sustainability leaders in the private sector with globally recognised and credible decarbonisation roadmaps.
building a sustainable future requires the collaboration of a larger ecosystem and value chain.
through the years, cdl has amplified its impact by investing time and resources into thought leadership and partnerships.
in 2021, cdl actively hosted, moderated, and participated in a record of 124 speaking engagements from global forums to webinars in partnership with esteemed institutions.
we were proud to have ms esther an, our chief sustainability officer, represent both the singapore private sector and cdl at cop26, where she was invited to take part in the built environment leaders panel that was jointly hosted by united nations framework convention on climate change, the world business council for sustainable development and the world green building council.
youth empowerment to fight climate change has always been cdl's belief and in partnership with the singapore youth for climate action, cdl curated a series of initiatives under the keep calm & love our planet campaign to turn climate anxiety amongst youths into positive action.
cdl's commitment to building sustainable communities across sectors and countries remained undeterred during the pandemic in 2020 and 2021. designed and built in 2017 as the first ground-up and zero-energy facility in singapore, the singapore sustainability academy ssa has been a key platform for cdl's advocacy work in climate action aligned with the un sdgs.
despite tightened measures to mitigate the spread of covid-19, we adopted virtual and hybrid event formats at the ssa to remain connected and expand our impact beyond geographical borders and communities, reaching out to thousands of participants locally and overseas in 2021. some of our key initiatives included the conscious festival by green is the new black, sustainable fashion 2.0, the second instalment of my tree house's eco-storytelling contest, and our youth4climate concert 2021. amidst growing demands for esg training, cdl and global green connect ggc launched sustainability connect, a platform to connect and empower sustainability professionals.
leveraging on cdl's and ggc's global network of experienced sustainability professionals from diverse sectors and industries, sustainability connect aims to equip practitioners with the necessary skills to transform and help their employers future-proof their businesses for long-term success by using workshops, panels and other training initiatives.
active collaboration with the public sector continues to be critical in cdl's sustainability drive, as seen in our partnership with national parks board to hold our "change the present, save the future" exhibition in support of the ministry of sustainability and the environment's climate action week 2021 and the singapore green plan 2030, which has been attracting an average of 2,000 visitors per month.
we will be launching the second edition of our climate action exhibition series in april 2022, themed "change the present, save the oceans", focusing on marine biodiversity, plastic pollution, and sustainable living.
looking ahead - winning the race to zero, adding purpose to the triple bottom line as singapore's real estate pioneer and green building leader, cdl steadfastly aligns our business with global and national goals to mitigate the negative impact of climate change.
with cdl's future value 2030 sustainability blueprint as the bedrock for our ambitious esg goals and strategies, we are well placed to accelerate our net zero goals.
contributing to a sustainable future will remain the purpose of our business.
the pandemic has challenged us to continuously push the envelope with climate-focused strategies and reinforced our conviction towards climate action.
climate threats on the planet have a severe impact on people and the performance of businesses, and no one can thrive without a healthy planet.
in closing, i would like to thank everyone who has journeyed alongside us for your continued support of cdl's vision in creating a more sustainable planet.
the cooperation and encouragement we have received from all stakeholders has played a vital role in future-proofing our business and pushing the green agenda.
it is time to turn ambition into action.
sherman kwek group chief executive officer there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
all content is text-based.
longstanding & unwavering leadership commitment integrating sustainability at the highest governance level in cdl enables strategic oversight of esg issues for long-term value creation.
since 2017, the leadership spearheaded by cdl's board sustainability committee has been critical in delivering cdl's sustainability purpose, integration, and performance that add business and economic value to the company.
cdl has established the longest history of having a dedicated sustainability portfolio amongst singapore companies, headed by the chief sustainability officer cso since 2014. the cso reports directly to the board sustainability committee bsc , which comprises three independent directors, and cdl's executive director/group ceo.
the bsc has direct advisory supervision on cdl's sustainability strategy, material esg issues, work plans, performance targets and sustainability reporting.
it convenes meetings at least twice annually to discuss cdl's sustainability plans and review its performance.
throughout the year, the cso updates the bsc on cdl's esg performance and initiatives, as well as global and local esg trends through the quarterly sustainability reports and meetings, when necessary.
cdl's sustainability governance structure, practices and disclosures, which have been in place for years are in line with sgx's mandate on climate and board diversity disclosures.
1 to achieve effective integration of sustainability throughout cdl, the cso chairs the sustainability committee, which comprises members across all departments and operational units.
heads of departments hods and their line managers are held accountable for their esg performances, which are captured in their annual performance appraisal that is linked to their remuneration and promotion.
sustainability governance structure the diagram shows the structure including: board of directors, board sustainability committee, chief sustainability officer, sustainability committee across business and operational units, advisory panel senior management , and four key areas: environment, corporate governance and fair operating practices, labour practices and human rights, stakeholder engagement and consumer issues, community involvement and development.
board sustainability committee more information on cdl's board of directors is available on cdl's corporate website.
note: from 1 jan 2022, mr philip yeo liat kok stepped down from the bsc, and independent non-executive directors ms tang ai ai mrs wong ai ai and mr chong yoon chou were appointed as bsc members.
1 sgx mandates climate and board diversity disclosures.
singapore exchange, 15 december 2021. longstanding & unwavering leadership commitment 8 th hong leong & cdl group annual sustainability forum "sustainability mainstreamed into the boardroom agenda" 13 october 2021, 3-5pm image of forum speakers 8 th hong leong and cdl group annual sustainability forum since 2014, cdl has organised the hong leong and cdl group's annual sustainability forum to keep the group's directors and senior management abreast of the latest sustainability trends and best practices.
themed "sustainability mainstreamed into the boardroom agenda", the 8 th hong leong and cdl group annual sustainability forum focused on singapore exchange regulation's sgx regco latest proposals for mandatory climate reporting, external assurance, and the key roles boards play in driving esg integration.
the panel discussion, moderated by cdl cso ms esther an, covered a wide range of esg issues, ranging from the harmonisation of sustainability reporting standards to the role of board members in driving companies’ esg performances.
the rich and diverse experiences and backgrounds of panellists from various industries and sectors provided a robust and well-rounded discussion on best practices in sustainability.
attended virtually on 13 october 2021 by over 110 directors, management, and staff from the hong leong and cdl group of companies, the forum featured expert speakers from sgx regco, nus business school, singapore institute of directors, ernst & young and pwc singapore.
reinforcing global collaboration through the "change the present, save the future" climate action exhibition in july 2021, in partnership with nparks, cdl launched "change the present, save the future", an exhibition on building climate resilience through global collaboration.
held in support of the ministry of sustainability and the environment's climate action week 2021, the exhibition ran from 15 july 2021 to march 2022 at the cdl green gallery, and called for action to support both global and national climate efforts.
the exhibition also reinforces collaborative efforts between private and public sectors.
image of cdl group ceo, mr sherman kwek, at the exhibition launch mr sherman kwek, cdl group ceo, gave a speech at the launch event.
he emphasised the importance of active collaboration between borders and sectors, and called for visitors to join the global effort in protecting our planet and creating a more sustainable future.
officially launched by ms grace fu, minister for sustainability and the environment of singapore, the opening ceremony was accompanied by a high-level panel discussion on the topic "building a sustainable future - collaboration beyond borders and sectors".
minister grace fu, who shared further details on the singapore green plan 2030, was joined by distinguished panellists ms lynn mcdonald, high commissioner of canada to singapore; mr r raghunathan, world wide fund for nature singapore chief executive officer; and mr max loh, singapore and brunei managing partner, ey asean ipo leader, ernst & young.
ms esther an, cdl cso was the moderator for the panel discussion.
cdl group's key financial information table: cdl group's key financial information 2017-2021 year: 2017, revenue: $3,829 meter, tax paid: $162 meter, staff costs: $831 meter, profit/ loss before tax: $763 meter, patmi: $522 meter, return on equity: 5.6%, net asset value per share: $10.33, basic earnings per share: 56.0 singapore cents, ordinary dividend per share: 8.0 singapore cents year: 2018, revenue: $4,223 meter, tax paid: $211 meter, staff costs: $850 meter, profit/ loss before tax: $876 meter, patmi: $557 meter, return on equity: 5.6%, net asset value per share: $11.07, basic earnings per share: 59.9 singapore cents, ordinary dividend per share: 8.0 singapore cents year: 2019, revenue: $3,429 meter, tax paid: $244 meter, staff costs: $887 meter, profit/ loss before tax: $754 meter, patmi: $565 meter, return on equity: 5.4%, net asset value per share: $11.60, basic earnings per share: 60.8 singapore cents, ordinary dividend per share: 8.0 singapore cents year: 2020, revenue: $2,108 meter, tax paid: $76 meter, staff costs: $517 meter, profit/ loss before tax: $1,791 meter, patmi: $1,917 meter, return on equity: 22.5 %, net asset value per share: $9.38, basic earnings per share: 212.8 singapore cents, ordinary dividend per share: 8.0 singapore cents year: 2021, revenue: $2,626 meter, tax paid: $100 meter, staff costs: $542 meter, profit/ loss before tax: $228 meter, patmi: $98 meter, return on equity: 1.2%, net asset value per share: $9.28, basic earnings per share: 9.3 singapore cents, ordinary dividend per share: 8.0 singapore cents final , 3.0 singapore cents special interim , 1.0 singapore cents special final , 19.1 singapore cents distribution in specie of units in cdl hospitality trusts table end.
market review & performance business as usual is no longer an option.
the new climate and pandemic economy are testing the foundations of companies and challenging how economic value is generated and distributed.
businesses that can navigate successfully in the new normal will prove their resilience in adapting to the ever-changing economic, social and environmental landscape.
for over two decades, cdl has built a strong foundation through effective sustainability integration.
we will remain resilient against headwinds and continue to create sustained value for our business and stakeholders.
cdl group reported a return to profitability with net attributable profit after tax and non-controlling interest patmi of $129.7 million for the second half-year 2021 2h 2021 and $97.7 million for the full year ended 31 december 2021 fy 2021 . revenue for 2h 2021 increased by 38.4% to $1.4 billion 2h 2020: $1.0 billion and 24.5% to $2.6 billion for fy 2021 fy 2020: $2.1 billion . for 2h 2021, the group saw a jump in revenue contribution from its hotel operations segment across all regions, particularly in the us and europe, driven by accelerated global vaccine distribution and the gradual relaxation of travel restrictions.
for fy 2021, the property development segment contributed 48% to total revenue, propelled by strong performing singapore projects such as whistler grand, amber park, the tapestry and irwell hill residences, as well as overseas projects, including shenzhen longgang tusincere tech park which the group acquired in february 2021, and contribution from new zealand land sales.
in singapore, the group and its jv associates sold 2,185 units including executive condominiums ecs , with a total sales value of $4.3 billion in fy 2021 – the highest annual property sales achieved in the group's history² fy 2020: 1,318 units with a total sales value of $1.8 billion . this was largely attributed to two successful launches in 2021: irwell hill residences and canninghill piers 696 units , which are 77% and 86% sold to date respectively, as well as sustained steady sales of its existing inventory.
residential projects piermont grand ec and whistler grand are fully sold.
despite a challenging economic backdrop, the committed occupancy of the group's singapore office portfolio remained resilient at 93.3%, above the island-wide occupancy of 87.2%. republic plaza, the group's flagship grade a office building, achieved a healthy committed occupancy of 96.4% and registered positive rental reversion in q4 2021. the tight central business district cbd office supply situation coupled with the improved business outlook are expected to support rental rate growth in the near term.
the group's retail portfolio was also resilient, with committed occupancy at 93.8%, above the national average of 91.9%. while the operating challenges of covid-19 continued to be felt in 2021 as international travel restrictions were still largely in place, the group's hospitality business progressed on its road to recovery.
regions with strong domestic markets, like europe and the us, led the recovery in 2h 2021 with significant improvements in revenue per available room and gross operating profit.
the group expects this trend to continue in 2022. as at 31 december 2021, the group has cash reserves of $2.2 billion and a strong liquidity position comprising cash and available undrawn committed bank facilities totalling $3.9 billion.
net gearing ratio after factoring in fair value on investment properties stands at 61%.
notes: 2. the last annual high was achieved in fy 2007 with $3.4 billion in total sales value with 1,655 units sold.
3. final and special final tax-exempt one-tier ordinary dividends proposed for the financial year ended 31 december 2021 will be subject to the approval of the ordinary shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
4. illustrative valuation based on cdlht unit price of $1.20.
sustainable finance in attaining our key esg goals and in our transition to a net zero business, cdl has been tapping on sustainable finance since 2017. our solid grounding and track record in sustainability has helped us gain access to fast-growing sustainable finance.
this advances our adoption of green building innovations to design, build and maintain our assets.
in 2021, south beach consortium, a cdl-led consortium, secured a $1.22 billion green loan for the refinancing of the south beach mixed-use development – a double green mark platinum development.
in addition, cdl and our jv partner jointly secured green loans of $847 million to finance the development of two government land sales sites at piccadilly grand and tengah garden walk.
both developments will obtain the bca green mark gold plus rating, with tengah garden walk ec set to be one of singapore's first new sle private residential developments.
aligned with good practices, our sustainable finance framework has embraced leading global frameworks including the green bond principles, green loan principles and sustainability linked loan principles.
it demonstrates good governance of cdl's sustainable financing and contributes to building sustainable and climate-resilient cities and communities.
secured more than $3bn sustainable financing since 2017 a pie chart showing the breakdown of sustainable financing secured by cdl since 2017. the chart segments represent: sustainability-linked loan: $250 million green bond: $100 million green loans: $3.04 billion cdl achieves interest rate discount on sdg innovation loan in 2021, through the successful r&d and pilot of digihub, a facilities management digital platform developed by our wholly owned subsidiary, cbm pte ltd, cdl achieved an interest rate discount on the $250 million sdg innovation loan, a sustainability-linked loan secured from dbs bank in 2019. cdl was the first in singapore to adopt and apply sdg innovation linked finance on a large-scale basis.
cdl is signatory of un-convened principles for responsible investment pri in september 2021, cdl was accepted as a signatory of the un pri, an investor initiative in partnership with unep finance initiative unep fi and the un global compact.
the pri is the world's leading proponent of responsible investment and supports its international network of investor signatories in incorporating esg factors into their investment and ownership decisions.
as an asset owner and manager, integrating pri's six principles into how cdl invests will have a profound impact beyond financial value.
from january 2022, cdl cso was appointed as a member of pri's inaugural real estate advisory committee, which succeeds the property working group coordinated by unep fi.
as an extension of our commitment towards sustainable investments, the board approved the cdl sustainable investment principles sip to steward responsible capital allocation and investments decision-making.
the sip is aligned with the glasgow climate pact, un sdgs and other global best practices and frameworks such as un pri, tcfd, unep fi.
it also complements cdl's existing esg policies and guidelines, including the climate change policy, ehs policy, green building policy, biodiversity policy and human rights policy.
image depicting the official announcement of cdl becoming a signatory of the pri.
delivering value & best practices the image shows a building with a green wall, symbolizing sustainable practices.
the un sustainable development goals sdgs icons are prominently displayed, highlighting the company's commitment to these global goals.
the text "delivering value & best practices" emphasizes the company's focus on both financial performance and responsible operations.
delivering value & best practices sustainability integration is critical in our strategy to create long-term value and future-proof our business.
in the face of global climate, health and economic challenges, our early adoption of esg integration has enabled cdl to remain steadfast as a responsible business, being able to weather disruptions, whilst driving our pursuit of long-term value beyond short-term profits.
creating sustainable growth while delivering on purpose cdl's value creation business model is anchored on our ethos of "conserving as we construct" since 1995. the model encapsulates our role as a developer, an asset owner and a corporate citizen, and guides us in creating sustained value for our business and our stakeholders.
leveraging on six capitals — financial, organisational, natural, manufactured, human and social & relationship, our business operations and sustainability advocacy is well-aligned with 14 un sdgs.
integrating un sdgs has added purpose for a more balanced triple bottom line for cdl delivering value & best practices sustainability governance structure aligned with 14 un sdgs a diagram showing the cdl's sustainability governance structure, aligned with 14 un sdgs.
it includes sections on esg integration, financial capital, natural capital, social & relationship capital, human capital, manufactured capital, and organisational capital.
esg integration since 1995 build sustainable profitability while conserving the environment build quality, green and innovative spaces build organisational resilience and employee commitment build partnerships and bonds with the community future proofing business sustainability blueprint: cdl future value 2030 commitment towards net zero carbon¹ aligned to global standards & goals logos representing the global standards and goals that cdl aligns with.
the timeline shows adoption years: 2005, 2008, 2010, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2020, 2021. over the years, cdl's robust sustainability reporting has evolved into a unique blended model using: gri standards since 2008 cdp since 2010 global real estate sustainability benchmark gresb since 2013 value reporting foundation's integrated reporting framework since 2015 sdg reporting since 2016 tcfd framework since 2017 sasb standards since 2020 to enhance data credibility and instill confidence in readers, external assurance of our integrated sustainability report isr started since 2009. isr 2022's external assurance has been further elevated in its scope against the gri standards, sasb standards, as well as the tcfd and climate disclosure standards board cdsb frameworks.
as an experienced reporter using multiple sustainability reporting frameworks and standards, cdl supports the formation and meaningful efforts of the international sustainability standards board issb in providing a unified sustainability reporting framework that aims to fulfill the needs of investors and multiple stakeholders for credible, consistent and comparable data.
established in 2017, the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint sets goals for our integrated sustainability strategy towards 2030 – a milestone year for un sdgs and the net zero climate agenda.
since july 2017, we have also been voluntarily publishing an online quarterly sustainability report that updates stakeholders of our progress towards key goals and targets that are set under the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint.
¹ cdl has pledged to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030, covering new and existing wholly-owned assets under our direct management and operational control.
we expanded the commitment to achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon in new developments, compensating for any remaining residual operational and upfront embodied emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030 and for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050. please refer to page 59 of isr 2022 for more details.
delivering value & best practices in 2018, cdl group embarked on the get strategy — focusing on growth, enhancement, and transformation, to renew and reposition our business, sharpen our value proposition, and expand our asset portfolio to deliver performance improvements and superior outcomes.
our sustainability efforts are complementary and integrated within the get strategy.
get strategy what this means for our corporate strategy: growth: build development pipeline and recurring income streams, what this means for our sustainability strategy: growth: apply the cdl sustainable investment principles to steward responsible capital allocation and investments decision-making a signatory with un principles for responsible investment pri as an investor committed to the six principles what this means for our corporate strategy: enhancement: enhance asset portfolio through asset enhancement initiatives, asset repositioning and redevelopment drive operational efficiency, what this means for our sustainability strategy: enhancement: enhance the building and corporate sustainability performance of existing assets e.grams., energy-saving retrofitting works and technologies to improve energy efficiency; improving indoor air quality and facilities management performance.
lower carbon footprint of new or retrofitted assets e.grams., stepping up new developments and existing assets to be bca green mark super low energy sle by accelerating the adoption of carbon-friendly designs and materials and transitioning to renewable energy.
continued advocacy to attract rising esg investors and tap into sustainable finance what this means for our corporate strategy: transformation: transform business via new platforms strategic investments fund management innovation and venture capital, what this means for our sustainability strategy: transformation: impact investing in proptech funds, start-ups and scale-ups to uncover and testbed building innovations for our properties alignment of new platforms with cdl's esg standards.
e.grams., privatisation of m&c in november 2019 ability to launch esg-focused fund management initiatives table end.
a graphic depicting the get strategy with the letters g, e, and t, each representing growth, enhancement, and transformation, respectively.
each letter is within a circle, and arrows point to descriptions of each strategy.
delivering value & best practices on track to achieving future value 2030 goals and annual targets established in 2017, the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint sets out our strategic esg goals.
our key 2030 and interim annual goals, targets and progress are tracked and reported quarterly and annually.
all target years are fiscal year-end.
all reporting data is through fiscal year 2021 31 december 2021 , unless otherwise stated.
future value 2030 goals goal 1: building sustainable cities and communities represents un sustainable development goals icons 2030 targets: achieve green mark certification for 90% of cdl owned and/or managed buildings 1 maintain 100% retail and office tenant participation in cdl green lease partnership programme maintain high level of commitment to adopt innovations and technology of green buildings maintain high level of sustainability engagements and advocacy activities goal 2: reducing environmental impact represents un sustainable development goals icons 2030 targets: achieve science-based target of reducing carbon emissions intensity by 59% from 2007 levels 2 asset management am – office & industrial 2 : reduce energy use intensity by 45% from 2007 levels reduce water use intensity by 50% from 2007 levels 4 reduce waste intensity by 16% from 2016 levels 4,5 asset management am – retail 2 : reduce energy use intensity by 18% from 2010 levels reduce water use intensity by 9% from 2010 levels reduce waste intensity by 12% from 2016 levels 5 interim 2021 annual targets and fy2021 performance target category: green mark certification, 2021 interim target: ≥ 85%, 2021 performance: 85% achieved target category: retail & office tenant participation, 2021 interim target: achieve 100%, 2021 performance: 100% maintained target category: innovation & technology applications, 2021 interim target: average of 2 per year, 2021 performance: 1. plastic neutrality certification 2. digihub target category: engagement & advocacy initiatives, 2021 interim target: average of ≥ 36 per quarter, 2021 performance: average of 75 per quarter target category: carbon emissions intensity reduction, 2021 interim target: 42% reduction, 2021 performance: 42% reduction 3 target category: office & industrial: target category: energy use intensity reduction, 2021 interim target: 37% reduction, 2021 performance: 48% reduction target category: water use intensity reduction, 2021 interim target: 43.5% reduction, 2021 performance: 56.9% reduction target category: waste intensity reduction, 2021 interim target: 14% reduction, 2021 performance: 29% reduction target category: retail: target category: energy use intensity reduction, 2021 interim target: 18% reduction, 2021 performance: 31% reduction target category: water use intensity reduction, 2021 interim target: 8% reduction, 2021 performance: 44% reduction target category: waste intensity reduction, 2021 interim target: 10.7% reduction, 2021 performance: 16.4% reduction 6 table end.
notes: 1. calculated based on % of total gross floor area aligned with bca's calculation of green buildings . 2. intensity figures were calculated based on per unit net lettable floor area.
3. reduction value includes the renewable energy certificates purchased and retired for the year 2021. 4. water use and waste intensities include water use and waste disposed of by cdl corporate office.
5. waste intensity figures are for non-recyclable waste.
6. waste intensity performance for retail assets does not factor in footfall during the covid-19 pandemic due to exceptional fluctuations in footfall in the retail sector.
delivering value & best practices future value 2030 goals goal 2: reducing environmental impact 2030 targets: corporate office: reduce energy use intensity by 31% from 2007 levels, interim 2021 annual targets: energy use intensity: 29% reduction, fy2021 performance: energy use intensity: 37% reduction 2030 targets: property development pd : achieve an energy use intensity of 95 kilowatt-hours/m², interim 2021 annual targets: energy use intensity: ≤105 kilowatt-hours/m², fy2021 performance: energy use intensity: 107.09 kilowatt-hours/m² 2030 targets: achieve a water use intensity of 1.54 cubic meters per square meter, interim 2021 annual targets: water use intensity: ≤1.75 cubic meters per square meter, fy2021 performance: water use intensity: 0.70 cubic meters per square meter 2030 targets: achieve a waste intensity of 40 kilograms/m², interim 2021 annual targets: waste intensity: ≤50 kilograms/m², fy2021 performance: waste intensity: 45.79 kilograms/m² 2030 targets: ensure 100% of appointed suppliers are certified by recognised ehs standards, interim 2021 annual targets: ≥90% of suppliers appointed by am; 100% of main contractors and ≥90% of key consultants appointed by pd, fy2021 performance: 93% of am appointed suppliers; 100% of main contractors and 100% of key consultants appointed by pd 2030 targets: reduce embodied carbon of building materials by 24% compared to their conventional equivalents, interim 2021 annual targets: 7% reduction for new projects awarded from 2018 onwards, fy2021 performance: performance is on track to meet target.
data will be reported at end of 2022 when projects obtain top.
2030 targets: maintain zero corruption and fraud incidents across cdl's operations, interim 2021 annual targets: zero, fy2021 performance: zero 2030 targets: maintain zero fatality across cdl's operations and direct suppliers in singapore, interim 2021 annual targets: zero, fy2021 performance: zero 2030 targets: maintain zero occupational disease across cdl's operations and direct suppliers in singapore, interim 2021 annual targets: zero, fy2021 performance: zero 2030 targets: maintain a major injury rate major ir of 10.0 across cdl's operations and direct suppliers in singapore, interim 2021 annual targets: ≤16.7, fy2021 performance: 35.1 major ir 2030 targets: maintain a minor injury rate minor ir of 250.0 across cdl's operations and direct suppliers in singapore, interim 2021 annual targets: ≤354.7, fy2021 performance: 175.5 minor ir table end.
goal 3: ensuring fair, safe and inclusive workplace notes: 7. under property development, the finalised energy use intensity for the completed project, the tapestry, has marginally missed the interim 2021 target.
moving forward, cdl has started piloting a smart energy storage system to replace the traditional diesel-powered generator to reduce our carbon footprint.
8. these refer to suppliers appointed by am, and main contractors and key consultants architects, civil and structural engineers, mechanical and electrical engineers appointed by pd.
9. based on the lifecycle of cdl's project developments, embodied carbon data for building materials is only available three to four years after a project has been awarded.
data reporting has been restated from end-2021 to end-2022 due to a delay in construction activities caused by covid-19.
10. major and minor ir refer to the number of major and minor workplace injuries per 100,000 persons employed, respectively.
for the definition of major and minor ir, please refer to the ministry of manpower's mom website.
there was one reported major injury as per mom definition that occurred at whistler grand in q4 2021. corrective action was implemented on site and reviewed.
delivering value & best practices dynamic approach to materiality assessment anchored on double materiality and multi-stakeholder approaches, cdl's 2021 materiality assessment provides a holistic inside-out and outside-in perspective on our financial and esg impacts on our stakeholders and business.
global developments have caused shifts in our stakeholders' priorities, allowing us to achieve greater alignment between our pursuit of sustainable growth and stakeholders' needs, amidst the pandemic and climate change.
since 2014, cdl started conducting materiality assessments annually, which is facilitated by a third party, to determine the key economic, environmental, social and governance eesg issues that are important to our stakeholders.
these issues are foundational to cdl's annual sustainability reporting.
corresponding eesg targets, metrics, initiatives, and progress are reviewed by the management team, reported to the bsc and the board for approval, before they are published annually in the isr.
due to covid-19, we conducted more comprehensive materiality assessments both in 2020 and 2021, to be in closer alignment with the shifting priorities and expectations of our stakeholders.
an extensive macro scanning exercise was performed to determine the preliminary list of material issues¹.
the exercise determined the actual and potential impacts of these issues on cdl's long-term value creation, and conversely, cdl's impact on them.
to gather stakeholder feedback, online surveys were circulated to key stakeholder groups, including the bsc.
more than 300 responses were received.
through interviews with selected management staff, regulators, industry and sustainability experts, tenants and suppliers, we obtained additional insights into how cdl can work towards our net zero carbon commitment, and strategically address risks and opportunities for our businesses while continuing to deliver long-term value for our stakeholders.
the preliminary material issues were validated by cdl's senior management and approved by the bsc thereafter.
materiality assessment phases a diagram showing four phases: phase 1 - identify and define initial list of material issues; phase 2 - prioritize material issues through stakeholder engagement; phase 3 - validation by senior management; phase 4 - approval by bsc.
footnotes: 1. we will be validating our list of material esg issues with the latest gri sector standard for our industry when it is published by gri.
delivering value & best practices 2021 material esg issues our findings revealed an increased prioritisation of environmental issues by our stakeholders.
“climate resilience” was the top material issue in 2021. the rise in ranking of environmental-related issues, such as "energy efficiency and adoption of renewables" and "water and waste management" could be explained by global climate action momentum in 2021 e.grams. cop26 and the acceleration of climate-related agreements and commitments.
highly critical material issues 1. climate resilience ↑ 2. energy efficiency and adoption of renewables ↑ 3. innovation 4. stakeholder impact and partnerships ↑ 5. product/service quality and responsibility critical material issues 6. economic contribution to society 7. occupational health, safety and well-being 8. sustainable finance ↑ 9. water and waste management ↑ 10. ethical and transparent business ↑ moderate material issues 11. healthy buildings 12. diversity and inclusion ↑ + 13. responsible supply chain 14. cyber-readiness, security and data privacy 15. future-ready workforce 16. human rights and labour conditions 17. biodiversity conservation + cdl’s material esg issues cdl's material esg issues: climate resilience, stakeholders impacted: customers, builders and suppliers, government and regulators, investors and analysts, lenders, academics and industry experts, community, and media, gri standards disclosures: emissions, addressed in this report: decarbonising towards net zero cdl's material esg issues: energy efficiency and adoption of renewables, stakeholders impacted: customers, builders and suppliers, government and regulators, investors and analysts, community, academics and industry experts, and media, gri standards disclosures: construction and real estate sector cres : building greenhouse gas emissions intensity, energy, cres: building energy intensity, addressed in this report: decarbonising towards net zero cdl's material esg issues: innovation, stakeholders impacted: all stakeholders across our value chain, gri standards disclosures: cres: sustainability certification, rating, and labelling, addressed in this report: driving innovation and building performance cdl's material esg issues: stakeholder impact and partnerships, stakeholders impacted: all stakeholders across our value chain, gri standards disclosures: direct economic impacts, marketing and labelling, customer health and safety, addressed in this report: developing sustainable communities cdl's material esg issues: product/service quality and responsibility, stakeholders impacted: customers, builders and suppliers, government and regulators, investors, community, academics and industry experts, and media, gri standards disclosures: cres: sustainability certification, rating, and labelling, addressed in this report: driving innovation and building performance addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment table end.
notes: ↑ ranking increased significantly from 2020's materiality study + new material issue from 2021's materiality study cdl's material esg issues and stakeholders impacted table: cdl material esg issues, stakeholders, gri standards, and report addresses cdl's material esg issues: economic contribution to society, stakeholders impacted: all stakeholders across our value chain, gri standards disclosures: economic performance, market presence, indirect economic impacts, addressed in this report: developing sustainable communities, determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: occupational health, safety and well-being, stakeholders impacted: all stakeholders across our value chain, gri standards disclosures: employment, occupational health and safety, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment, dedicated to sustainability integration cdl's material esg issues: sustainable finance, stakeholders impacted: lenders, government and regulators, and academics and industry experts, gri standards disclosures: there is no relevant gri topic disclosure, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: water and waste management, stakeholders impacted: customers, builders and suppliers, government and regulators, investors and analysts, community, academics and industry experts, and media, gri standards disclosures: water and effluents, waste, cres: building water intensity, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: ethical and transparent business, stakeholders impacted: all stakeholders across our value chain, gri standards disclosures: anti-corruption, anti-competitive behaviour, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: healthy buildings, stakeholders impacted: customers, builders and suppliers, government and regulators, investors and analysts, community, academics and industry experts, and media, gri standards disclosures: customer health and safety, addressed in this report: driving innovation and building performance, determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: diversity and inclusion, stakeholders impacted: employees, investors and analysts, academics and industry experts, gri standards disclosures: diversity and equal opportunity, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: responsible supply chain, stakeholders impacted: builders and suppliers, community, government and regulators, investors and analysts, academics and industry experts and media, gri standards disclosures: materials, supplier environmental assessment, supplier social assessment, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: cyber-readiness, security and data privacy, stakeholders impacted: customers, employees, government and regulators, investors and analysts, and media, gri standards disclosures: customer privacy, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: future-ready workforce, stakeholders impacted: employees, government and regulators, and investors and analysts, gri standards disclosures: training and education, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: human rights and labour conditions, stakeholders impacted: all stakeholders across our value chain, gri standards disclosures: employment, forced or compulsory labour, labour/management relations, non-discrimination, addressed in this report: determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment cdl's material esg issues: biodiversity conservation, stakeholders impacted: builders and suppliers, investors and analysts, lenders, media, government and regulators, academics and industry experts, community, gri standards disclosures: biodiversity, addressed in this report: decarbonising towards net zero table end.
note: this table summarizes the key information from the provided image.
the image contains additional formatting and visual elements not replicated here for clarity.
delivering value & best practices multi-stakeholder engagement channels cdl's stakeholder-centric business approach positions us for long-term prosperity and solidifies our social license to operate.
by understanding the positive and negative impact that our business and business relationships has on our stakeholders, cdl can better anticipate and meet their needs.
we define our stakeholders as individuals or groups that have interests that are affected or could be affected by cdl's operations.
stakeholder groups and their significance to cdl: our employees the health, safety, welfare and professional development of employees are fundamental to cdl's performance and key to enhancing our human capital., engagement platforms: regular dialogue sessions, town halls and forums fronted by senior management cdl 360 - cdl's staff intranet staff connect - an inter-department committee that organises company-wide activities to foster work-life balance and reinforce team spirit educational activities e.grams. workshops and quizzes biennial employee engagement survey employee assistance programme, a 3rd party independent counselling service employee grievance handling procedures city sunshine club, cdl's employee volunteering platform indoor environmental quality ieq study triennial indoor air quality iaq study, issues and concerns: corporate direction and growth plans job security remuneration and benefits career development and training opportunities occupational safety, health and well-being labour and human rights work-life balance employee volunteerism workplace environment and conditions table end.
delivering value & best practices stakeholder groups and their significance to cdl our customers delivering safe and high-quality products and services to our customers is our raison d'être as customers are key to the generation of financial capital.
our builders and suppliers we work closely with partners in our value chain to ensure that their operations are carried out in line with cdl's ehs policies and standards that place environmental performance, worksite safety, and workers' health and well-being as priorities.
engagement platforms homebuyers integrated customer and call centre homebuyer e-portal and mobile app residential services green living guides defects management system post-top customer satisfaction surveys handover of strata units – on-site and virtually 3d showflat virtual tour and online sales presentation tenants cdl green lease partnership programme green fitting-out guidelines recycling programme 1°c up campaign curated events and activities for c-suites and office community e.grams., healthy workplace ecosystem workouts and workshops, and citydelights treats giveaways citynexus mobile app for republic plaza office community annual tenant satisfaction surveys precinct improvement with raffles place alliance raffles place business improvement district cdl cityconnect—dedicated facebook page with curated content for cdl tenant community regular retrofitting of cdl's managed buildings to improve indoor environment issues and concerns homebuyers customer service and experience status of top progress and handover appointments workmanship and defects rectification design and features common areas and facilities tenants green building and office interior certifications green leases workplace safety and health management of facilities customer service and experience resource efficiency environmental management, education and advocacy ethical marketing practices clean and safe workplace environment stakeholder groups and their significance to cdl our investors and analysts we strongly emphasise on corporate governance and esg integration and continue to build investor trust and confidence through open dialogue with shareholders and the investment community.
our lenders we work closely with like-minded lenders by tapping on sustainable financing products to increase our access to capital and lower our overall capital cost in the long run.
the media we raise greater awareness of the green agenda and cdl's sustainable practices by engaging the media regularly through mainstream news and information channels.
government and regulators we partner with key government agencies and regulators to elevate industry standards for green buildings, sustainable financing, sustainable practices, and health and safety standards.
academics and industry experts we work closely with academics and industry experts to explore and testbed new building innovations for a low-carbon future.
our community we ensure that our developments do not affect the well-being of surrounding communities.
we also invest in community development projects in particular youth and women-related , and foster tri-sector collaborations that support the un sdgs.
engagement platforms conferences, meetings and site visits media releases and interviews annual reports integrated sustainability reports annual and quarterly corporate website and social media platforms sustainability microsite timely response to esg rating agencies and analysts cdl senior management representation on boards of various industry bodies tri-sector and sustainability-related consultations and dialogues longstanding partnership in various national programmes thought leadership in support of public policies and regulations pertaining to sustainability, green buildings and sustainability reporting issues and concerns corporate governance esg disclosures aligned with leading global standards and frameworks climate change and net zero carbon strategies sustainability performance and tracking, including global sustainability rankings and indices reporting standards development of green buildings programmes to cultivate responsible workplace practices advocating green consumerism and a green lifestyle sharing of industry best practices regulatory development towards a low-carbon economy promoting sustainability reporting in singapore advocating esg integration with financial reporting promoting occupational health and safety proactive communication on cdl's development plans and construction works promoting environmental awareness and zero waste advocating best practices in sustainability empowering youths and women as sustainability champions supporting singapore's arts scene caring for the less fortunate sustainability and green building thought leadership and advocacy social inclusion ethical marketing practices delivering value & best practices: turning risks to opportunities for sustainability the table below outlines our actions in addressing risks and opportunities related to cdl's top 17 material esg issues.
these are mapped to 14 relevant un sdgs and the four pillars of the tcfd framework.
some of these esg risks and opportunities are also captured in cdl's enterprise risk management erm framework found in the risk management section of cdl's annual report 2021 . legend: tcfd pillars: g - governance; s - strategy; malaysian ringgit - risk management; m&t - metrics & targets 1. climate resilience supporting sdgs: , , tcfd pillars: g, s, malaysian ringgit, m&t risks and opportunities: the built sector contributes to approximately 40% of global energy-related carbon emissions and is heavily reliant on natural resources for operations.
regulatory transition risks carbon tax, water pricing, electricity tariffs, stricter building design requirements will pose challenges to profitability and sustain growth.
extreme weather patterns can lead to stranded assets and affect the well-being of building occupants.
climate-proofing cdl's buildings in line with a low-carbon future is key to the growth strategy.
cdl's responses and achievements: climate change is a material strategic risk under cdl's enterprise risk assessment framework.
cdl is committed to implementing mitigation and adaptation measures.
for nearly a decade, cdl has achieved its voluntary target of at least bca green mark gold plus certification for all new developments two tiers above the previous mandatory requirement . 85% of cdl's portfolio of owned and managed buildings based on gross floor area have achieved bca green mark certification.
in february 2021, cdl pledged support to the worldgbc's net zero carbon buildings commitment to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030 for new and existing wholly-owned assets and developments under direct operational and management control.
in november 2021, this commitment expanded to include maximum reduction in embodied carbon and compensation for all residual upfront emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030, and for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050. to align with a 1.5°c warmer scenario, cdl revised its sbti-validated greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction targets scope 1, 2, and 3 in december 2021, with additional targets to reduce scope 3 emissions.
to better understand physical and transition risks from cop26 negotiation outcomes and the impact of covid-19, cdl commenced a third climate analysis study in december 2021. in november 2021, cdl was the only singapore company among 19 pioneering companies to participate in and secure carbon credits in climate impact x's pilot auction featuring a curated portfolio of verified natural climate solutions projects.
footnotes: 1. in 2021, the new bca green mark 2021 was launched, recognizing new and existing buildings for building performance above mandatory, regulated standards including robust levels of energy efficiency, indoor air quality, greenery provision, active mobility considerations, materials and waste management, and water efficiency . there are now two tiers under the green mark series – gold plus and platinum.
green mark 2021 certification standard.
building and construction authority, 2021. cdl's top material esg issues & responses 2. energy efficiency and adoption of renewables supporting sdgs: 7 affordable and clean energy , 9 industry, innovation and infrastructure , 12 responsible consumption and production , 13 climate action tcfd pillars: g, s, malaysian ringgit, m&t risks and opportunities: the global green energy transition following cop26 agreements entails phasing down fossil fuels in favor of renewables and rapidly decreasing carbon emissions.
more stringent regulations on energy performance of buildings and rising carbon taxes are expected, with the launch of the singapore green plan 2030 and bca green mark 2021. energy consumption contributes to a large portion of cdl's carbon footprint; cdl implements robust low-carbon strategies for managed buildings.
cdl's responses and achievements: through robust resource management and regular asset upgrading and enhancement efforts, cdl has maintained good energy performance for existing commercial properties.
since 2004, cdl has retrofitted all existing managed buildings.
from 2012 to 2021, cdl achieved savings of more than $34 million in energy expenses across all managed properties.
cdl achieved its first bca green mark super low energy sle award for residential developments and serviced apartments, office and retail ahead of its 2023 goal 80 anson road . 3. innovation supporting sdgs: 3 good health and well-being , 7 affordable and clean energy , 9 industry, innovation and infrastructure , 11 sustainable cities and communities , 13 climate action , 15 life on land , 17 partnerships for the goals tcfd pillars: s, malaysian ringgit risks and opportunities: innovation is key to achieving esg goals and targets while creating value.
investing in green, smart, and healthy building technologies ensures products and services operate at the highest quality and remain resilient against disruptions.
cdl's responses and achievements: partnerships with research institutions, innovators, and startups allow cdl to tap emerging proptech innovations for large-scale implementations.
cdl piloted technologies including autonomous uvc disinfection robots, automated thermal scanners, indoor air quality sensors, and antimicrobial disposable films to create safer and healthier environments.
cdl also piloted digihub, an in-house digital platform offering predictive and integrated facilities management solutions.
in partnership with seven clean seas, 11 tampines concourse received a plastic neutrality certification.
4. stakeholder impact and partnerships supporting sdgs: 4 quality education , 5 gender equality , 11 sustainable cities and communities , 12 responsible consumption and production , 13 climate action , 14 life below water , 15 life on land , 17 partnerships for the goals tcfd pillars: g, s risks and opportunities: building goodwill in the community provides a strong social license to operate.
working with like-minded partners, cdl has pioneered and developed partnerships that multiply outreach and impact on climate action and un sdgs.
cdl's responses and achievements: partnership with nparks launched a climate exhibition "change the present, save the future" at the cdl green gallery.
partnership with singapore youth for climate action launched the "keep calm and love our planet" campaign at cop26.
cdl held virtual and hybrid events due to covid-19 measures, engaging with key partners.
cdl's top material esg issues and responses 5. product/service quality and responsibility supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: s, malaysian ringgit risks and opportunities: rising costs of building materials and labor shortages due to covid-19 can result in delays in completion and impact our reputation and financials.
as an asset owner and manager, cdl takes pride in ensuring a safe and healthy environment for our building users.
cdl remains committed to delivering safe and high-quality products and services for our homebuyers and tenants.
cdl's responses and achievements: to ensure compliance and prevent latent defects, cdl has a robust process guided by the design for safety regulations to identify design risks and assess the severity of ehs impacts throughout the construction stages of our developments.
cdl unveiled its new in-house proprietary electronic system for expressions of interest, balloting and satellite sales bookings for the sales launch of irwell hill residences and canninghill piers.
potential homebuyers can access 3d virtual tours of cdl's new launches and online sales presentations from the comfort of their homes.
the virtual unit handover initiative piloted in 2020 will continue to serve us well for future projects that obtain top.
homeowners can opt for a virtual walkthrough, led by cdl's customer service officers.
6. economic contribution to society supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: g, s risks and opportunities: cdl's financial performance impacts the vested interests of our employees, shareholders, investors and supply chain.
the generation of employment contributes to the economic growth of the markets that we operate in and the livelihoods in our supply chain.
stabilising and reopening our commercial and retail operations whilst establishing recovery protocols help to ensure the commercial viability of our business and tenants.
direct donations to the community are part of cdl's community investments strategy to give back to the community.
cdl's responses and achievements: as cdl remains resilient against the prolonged impact of the pandemic, we continue to uphold high standards of ethical business practices.
we maintain strong branding and deliver quality products to generate profits and provide optimal returns for investors in our fiduciary duty as stewards of capital.
cdl has committed more than $40 million in property tax rebates and rental relief to our singapore and overseas retail and commercial tenants.
this includes passing on the full quantum of property tax rebates from the singapore government to local tenants.
rent restructuring was extended to selected tenants whose businesses were badly affected, as well as rental payment flexibility for those facing severe cash flow issues.
rental, operational and marketing support was provided to tenants adversely impacted by the stricter measures.
close to 90% of cdl's retail tenants have received rental assistance.
a long-standing partner of assisi hospice since 1999, cdl raised more than $113,000 for the hospice in 2021 through the cdl challenge and assisi e-fun day.
the cdl challenge is an in-house fundraising campaign that rallied donations from stakeholders, namely staff and business partners.
at the assisi e-fun day 2021, cdl and our subsidiary, millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c , raised funds through virtual stalls and provided donations-in-kind, namely shopping, f&b and hotel vouchers towards the event's lucky draw and game prizes.
7. occupational health, safety and well-being supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: s, malaysian ringgit, m&t most activities at cdl's construction sites and managed buildings are carried out by our appointed contractors.
safety lapses by our contractors can expose cdl to reputation and regulatory risks, and endanger the well-being of the site workers and building users.
safe management measures continue to be enforced to prevent community transmission of covid-19 at cdl's construction sites and managed buildings.
prolonged work-from-home wfh arrangements have the potential to affect employees' mental well-being, due to lack of physical connection at the workplace and blurring of work and personal boundaries.
cdl's responses and achievements the safety, health and wellness of cdl's employees and contractors' workers have always been amongst our top priorities.
cdl complies with iso 45001 occupational health and safety for our key operations in singapore to effectively manage the safety, health and well-being of our employees and workers, directly or indirectly hired.
established since the early 2000s, cdl's ehs policy and cdl 5-star ehs assessment have been continually enhanced in standard and scope.
cdl works closely with the appointed contractors, where possible, to ensure migrant workers' work and living conditions are in line with national guidelines.
additionally, the cdl 5-star ehs assessment also recognises and awards contractor companies that display ehs excellence and promote workers' welfare.
this assessment also gives awards to exemplary workers.
all six project sites are currently averaging above 90% of the total score for their ehs performance.
since the start of phase 1 post-circuit breaker on 2 june 2020, cdl's ehs team regularly conducts compliance checks on the implementation of safe management measures smm across all its managed properties.
cdl has also incorporated smm inspection checks into the regular ehs inspections to ensure compliance.
strict monitoring and response procedures continue to be reviewed and updated to align with the latest public health advisories.
as of 31 december 2021, cdl has secured more than $3 billion of sustainable financing, including a green bond, several green loans and a sustainability-linked loan.
in 2021, cdl and our jv partner jointly secured green loans of $847 million to finance the development of two government land sales gls sites at piccadilly grand and tengah garden walk.
south beach consortium, a cdl jv, obtained a $1.22 billion green loan for the refinancing of south beach—a double bca green mark platinum mixed-use development.
as an investor, cdl is a signatory to the un pri.
we have developed the cdl sustainable investment principles to steward responsible capital allocation and investments decision-making.
8. sustainable finance supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: g, s the rise of esg investing and responsible banking has unlocked alternative financing streams and granted cdl the access to a wider pool of esg-centric investors and lenders.
companies that lag in their esg performance could be penalised through higher cost of debt financing and face divestment from shareholders.
9. water and waste management supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: g, s, malaysian ringgit, m&t prudent water usage can help to lower operational costs of cdl's managed buildings, and conserve water.
waste management is a growing concern in singapore as the country is projected to run out of landfill space by 2035. the singapore government has stepped up on recycling efforts across the key waste streams to drive circular economy solutions.
cdl's developments are designed with a lifecycle approach to water sustainability and sound waste management.
we adopt technologies to raise water efficiency and manage waste, such as rainwater harvesting and twin-chute pneumatic waste disposal systems, which are implemented at many of our commercial and residential developments.
at our commercial and retail properties, recycling bins and facilities are provided to encourage the recycling of paper, plastic and metal cans by tenants and shoppers.
cdl maintained our inclusion in the 2021 cdp a list for water security, marking our third consecutive year of receiving an 'a' score.
cdl's top material esg issues 10. ethical and transparent business supporting sdgs : tcfd pillars : g, malaysian ringgit risks and opportunities bribery and corruption are amongst the highest risks for businesses that could lead to financial and reputational loss.
legal non-compliance can lead to the erosion of trust by cdl's stakeholders, causing cdl to lose our social license to operate.
by taking a firm stance on our zero-tolerance policy towards fraud, bribery and corruption, cdl can provide strong assurance to our stakeholders, including investors and customers.
cdl's responses and achievements cdl benchmarks our practices with the voluntary ss iso 37001 anti-bribery management systems to minimise gaps.
we operate according to industry standards.
anti-money laundering workshops are conducted annually for our employees.
cdl implements clear and transparent policies, risk management systems, and esg disclosures to continuously monitor and validate business processes.
within cdl's robust ehs management system, applicable legal requirements are regularly monitored and evaluated for compliance.
incentives and penalties are also implemented to strengthen contractors' site management.
for transparency, our corporate and sustainability policies and guidelines are published on our corporate website, sustainability microsite and staff intranet, cdl360.
11. healthy buildings supporting sdgs : , , tcfd pillars : g, s, malaysian ringgit, m&t risks and opportunities apart from green features, building occupants appreciate healthy building features that contribute to their health, well-being and productivity.
buildings with poor iaq and sanitisation practices are susceptible to viral transmissions.
cdl's responses and achievements cdl designs and manages our buildings with the health and wellness of our building occupants in mind.
we seek to maximise acoustic comfort, natural ventilation, thermal comfort and biophilic design in our buildings.
developed in 2020, the cdl smart, sustainable and super low carbon 3s green building framework is a holistic framework that is aligned with bca sle buildings requirements and international standards for advancing health and well-being in buildings.
in 2021, the 3s green building framework was updated to include embodied carbon management and renamed to cdl smart, sustainable and super low carbon 3s green building framework.
12. diversity and inclusion new supporting sdgs : tcfd pillars : g, s risks and opportunities workplace diversity encompasses a wide spectrum, such as gender, race, age and employees with accessibility needs.
a workplace culture that embraces diversity and inclusion will attract and retain talent, while encouraging innovation and empathy.
diversity and inclusion principles should be embedded into recruitment practices, opportunities for advancement and remuneration policies.
cdl's responses and achievements cdl's recruitment process adheres to strict guidelines on non-discrimination and fairness, regardless of gender, ethnicity, religion, or age.
as a company committed to meritocracy, cdl's compensation and rewards policies are performance-based.
women represent 69% of cdl's workforce and close to half of hods at our singapore headquarters.
cdl is committed to providing equal remuneration and actively monitors gender pay gaps across various staff levels.
cdl embraces an inclusive workplace.
our multi-racial workforce hails from diverse backgrounds.
due to singapore's predominantly chinese population, our workforce comprises a larger percentage of chinese employees.
cdl's top material esg issues and responses 13. responsible supply chain supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: g, s, malaysian ringgit, m&t the procurement of unsustainable building materials and unfair labour practices that go against human rights can negatively impact cdl's esg performance and reputation, and contribute to the proliferation of such practices in the supply chain.
usage of toxic building materials can also harm the health of building users and workers.
cdl's responses and achievements: for more than a decade, cdl has specified responsible sourcing guidelines along its supply chain.
this includes the implementation of the responsible procurement guidelines³ since 2008 and the green procurement guideline for property developments since 2009. in line with its corporate ehs policy which has undergone regular updates since 2003 , these guidelines encourage the use of eco-friendly and recycled materials that have been certified by approved local certification bodies, such as the singapore green building council sgbc and singapore environment council sec . all suppliers are required to sign a supplier code of conduct which provides comprehensive guiding principles for compliance.
cdl completed a supply chain segmentation study in 2020, where environmental e.grams., embodied carbon intensity and social risks e.grams., forced or child labour were assessed for its top suppliers and building materials procured for its developments.
in 2020 and 2021, the results were shared with the bsc and the relevant business units to further enhance such initiatives.
14. cyber-readiness, security and data privacy supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: g, malaysian ringgit strengthening cdl's capabilities to protect itself and recover from cyber-attacks is vital to preventing data theft, financial loss, and disruption of operations.
in enhancing digital connectivity, the rapid shift to virtual and remote working environments can increase vulnerability in business systems due to user behaviour or external factors such as malware and phishing attacks.
given rising data privacy concerns both locally and globally, cdl needs to be mindful of compliance requirements for international and local data privacy protection laws.
cdl's responses and achievements: besides establishing holistic it governance structures and developing robust detection and mitigation measures to protect cdl's critical business systems and data, its response plans are tested by internal auditors and an external professional firm and aligned with industry best practices.
given the recent developments in data privacy regulations and the increasing impact of potential data privacy breaches, cdl's risk assessment framework has identified data privacy as a key risk.
as such, cdl has been carrying out various mitigating measures including staff awareness training, as well as the monitoring of local and international data privacy developments that are relevant to its businesses.
recognizing that cyber-readiness, security and data privacy are constantly evolving and there will be the emergence of new threats and vulnerabilities, cdl is committed to continuously improving its network security and data protection measures.
15. future-ready workforce supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: s, malaysian ringgit companies need to remain nimble to adapt to changing work conditions and arrangements e.grams., flexiwork and hybrid work models . a workforce that does not keep up with industry developments, knowledge and technological trends will have a negative impact on human capital, operational efficiency, and business continuity.
cdl's responses and achievements: building a workforce with skill sets that future-proof cdl's business in a fast-evolving global economy is a priority.
cdl actively fosters a culture of continuous learning, enabling employees to acquire holistic skills and competencies to stay relevant and adapt to changing job demands.
with most of its workforce working from home in 2021, virtual learning and career development opportunities were made available to its employees.
topics covered include project management, mindfulness, big data and data analytics, sustainability, occupational health and safety, and the cultivation of healthy lifestyles.
notes: 3. renamed from green procurement guidelines in 2020. delivering value & best practices cdl's top material esg issues 16. human rights and labour conditions supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: g, s, malaysian ringgit risks and opportunities respecting and promoting the rights and dignity of employees, workers and communities help to build a more resilient supply chain, which is expected from responsible businesses.
creating a workplace that provides a decent work environment, fair remuneration, security in the workplace, freedom of expression, work-life balance, and career growth, is key to building a sustainable workforce.
this allows cdl to strengthen employee loyalty and increase work productivity.
the health of biodiversity systems is intrinsically linked to climate change.
without proper assessment and mitigation and prevention measures, the natural habitats of flora and fauna could be negatively impacted during building development and management.
cdl's responses and achievements cdl engages our contractors and suppliers to abide by our fundamental principles and policies such as the supplier code of conduct, human rights policy, and universal design policy.
since 2001, the cdl 5-star ehs assessment – an independent audit tool to assess, measure, and improve the main contractors' ehs management and performance – has been in place to ensure a comprehensive, audited, and appraised approach.
to help our workforce adapt to wfh arrangements, cdl ensured that our staff were equipped with the knowledge to use digital tools to facilitate effective communication.
cdl conducts a biennial employee engagement survey to understand our employees' concerns and engagement levels, enabling cdl to be an employer of choice.
since 2010, cdl has been voluntarily conducting biodiversity impact assessments bia on greenfield sites before construction.
to advance biodiversity protection and urban greenery at its sites and buildings, a biodiversity policy, expanding on its bia practices, was formulated in 2020. the policy complements singapore's “city in nature” vision established in 2021. in 2016, cdl piloted an environmental impact assessment eia study for our forest woods residential development.
based on this pilot, cdl is exploring possibilities of applying it for future developments.
this is aligned with cdl's commitment to adopt nature-based solutions e.grams. biophilic building design to promote the integration of the built environment with nature.
17. biodiversity conservation new supporting sdgs: tcfd pillars: g, s, malaysian ringgit there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
delivering value & best practices integrating sustainability into our value chain to catalyse change within the larger ecosystem, cdl is committed to engaging and influencing our value chain to adopt more sustainable and innovative practices in alignment with global best practices.
our value chain management encapsulates how we view our impacts beyond our direct operations.
we identified key areas along our value chain where we can create social and environmental impact, referencing the "sdg compass: the guide for business action on the sdgs", jointly developed by the gri, ungc, and world business council for sustainable development.
leveraging our sphere of influence amongst stakeholders, we apply our core competencies, invest in innovations, and engage our network to promote and contribute to the relevant sdgs.
underlying this value chain process is a proactive and continuous engagement with internal and external stakeholders through the lifecycle of asset development and management.
a diagram showing the value chain management process, including interactions with builders and suppliers, community, consultants, government and regulators, financiers, and land owners.
the process includes land acquisition, design and planning, building and construction including sourcing of materials , and property development and asset management.
the diagram also includes references to relevant sdgs sustainable development goals . note: the image contains a diagram illustrating the value chain management process and the various stakeholders involved.
the diagram shows how cdl integrates sustainability throughout its operations.
delivering value & best practices best practices and esg commitments as a global company, cdl supports international industry best practices and esg commitments to uphold strong corporate governance, conduct business with integrity and spearhead climate action in our operations and supply chain.
the list of our esg commitments and best practices is non-exhaustive.
please refer to cdl's sustainability website for more information.
anti-money laundering and counter financing terrorism policy the anti-money laundering and counter financing terrorism policy for our property business aligns with ura's guidance and the monetary authority of singapore's mission to mitigate the risk of singapore being used as a platform by global criminals and terrorist organisations to launder illicit funds.
the policy provides guidelines and procedures for our frontline sales and compliance function to detect and report such criminal acts.
board diversity pledge in 2015, cdl supported the board diversity pledge initiated by singapore institute of directors and sgx.
by taking the pledge, cdl commits to promoting diversity as a key attribute of a well-functioning and effective board.
in 2017, the board of cdl formally adopted the board diversity policy, which sets out the policy and framework for promoting diversity on the board.
incident escalation and reporting framework the group-wide incident escalation and reporting framework ensures a clear and structured communication process in the event of any emergencies.
it facilitates structured reporting and management of all incidents with a potential financial, operational or reputational impact on cdl group.
employers' pledge of fair employment practices cdl is a signatory of the employers' pledge of fair employment practices with the tripartite alliance for fair and progressive employment practices tafep . tafep works with employer organisations, unions and the government to create awareness and to facilitate the adoption of fair employment practices.
the alliance is co-chaired by representing employer unions and national trades union congress.
ethical marketing practices since 2000, we have developed a set of internal procedures and an operational manual for marketing and leasing.
these are reviewed annually to reflect changes in marketing practices, technology, regulation, and stakeholder expectations.
marketing collaterals produced by cdl are compliant with the singapore code of advertising practice administered by the advertising standards authority of singapore, an advisory council to the consumers association of singapore.
cdl's marketing practices also comply with the ura's housing developers rules hdr and bca's guidelines for outdoor signs at our construction sites.
the hdr seeks to enhance transparency in the real estate industry, enabling homebuyers to make better-informed decisions when buying a home, while the bca guidelines prohibit cross-marketing of other products and services.
green lease partnership programme to support our office and retail tenants' efforts to lower their carbon footprint, we implemented the green lease partnership programme in 2014. 100% of existing office and retail tenants have pledged their commitment to go green by signing a green lease.
principles for responsible investment supported by the united nations, the pri is the world's leading proponent of responsible investment.
it supports an international network of investor signatories in incorporating esg factors into their investment and ownership decisions.
cdl joined as a signatory under the investment manager category, committing to integrate pri's six principles into our investment decisions and outcomes.
cdl cso is a member of pri's real estate advisory committee.
delivering value & best practices responsible procurement guidelines reflecting our commitment to use resources more efficiently, and respect health and safety in our supply chain, our responsible procurement guidelines set out our requirements for the selection of vendors and suppliers at our corporate office and across core business operations in singapore.
the guidelines include: sharing the corporate ehs policy with new vendors and suppliers indicating a preference for use of eco-friendly and recycled materials and products indicating a preference for iso 14001, iso 45001 and bizsafe level 3 certified vendors declaring the use of eco-friendly and recycled paper in printed materials meeting applicable ehs legal requirements, i.e. risk assessments conducted and risk controls implemented for work activities carried out for and/or on behalf of cdl that may impact cdl, the vendor/supplier's workers and any other interested parties at the workplace.
supplier code of conduct the supplier code of conduct provides comprehensive guiding principles for our vendors and suppliers to comply with cdl's expectations of ethical standards, covering the following areas: business integrity environmental sustainability fair competition health and safety open communication human rights conflict of interest reciprocity sustainable employment pledge purposeful actions by companies will foster a vibrant economy and society through sustainable employment practices and encourage innovation.
cdl has taken the sustainable employment pledge, an initiative by singapore business federation, and has committed to making at least one improvement to our practices in sustainable employment every twelve months.
un climate neutral now pledge as part of our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality, we joined the un climate neutral now pledge by the united nations framework convention on climate change unfccc in 2020 to commit maintaining carbon neutrality for our corporate office operations and 11 tampines concourse.
in march 2021, we further expanded this pledge to achieve net zero operational carbon for the rest of our wholly-owned buildings and developments under our direct operational and management control, to align with our pledge to worldgbc's net zero carbon buildings commitment.
women's empowerment principles with a workforce that is majority female, cdl is committed to empowering women in our workplace and supporting their pursuit of career and personal development.
the board and top management of cdl firmly believe that diversity and inclusion will strategically enhance our human capital and performance for future growth.
our group ceo joined over 1,600 leaders globally in pledging cdl's support for the women's empowerment principles.
developed through a partnership between the un women and ungc, the principles offer practical guidance to the private sector on how to empower women in the workplace, marketplace and community.
worldgbc's net zero carbon buildings commitment in february 2021, cdl became the first real estate conglomerate in southeast asia to sign the worldgbc net zero carbon buildings commitment in february 2021. this is a global pledge to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030, covering new and existing wholly-owned assets under our direct management and operational control.
in november 2021, during cop26, cdl joined 44 pioneering companies worldwide to extend our pledge towards a net zero whole life carbon emissions approach.
through this expanded commitment, we pledged to achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon in new developments, compensating for any remaining residual operational and upfront embodied emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030 and for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050. there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no footnotes or additional notes to include.
driving innovation & building performance the image depicts an aerial view of solar panels nestled within a lush forest, symbolizing the company's commitment to sustainable energy solutions and environmental responsibility.
the text overlay emphasizes the company's focus on driving innovation and building performance.
driving innovation & building performance manufactured capital financial capital social and relationship capital activities 3s green building framework innovation, digitalisation and technology enterprise innovation committee green building and technology application team cdl green lease partnership programme universal design customer service quality management outputs smart and climate-resilient green buildings bca green mark awards innovative building and low carbon solutions product safety and customer wellbeing green leases proptech and impact investments value created energy and operational efficiency environment and community impact cost savings customer satisfaction wellness and safety of building occupants contributing to sdgs good health and well-being quality education clean water and sanitation affordable and clean energy industry, innovation and infrastructure sustainable cities and communities responsible consumption and production climate action life below water partnerships for the goals notes : the image depicts a value chain illustrating how activities and outputs contribute to creating value and supporting the sustainable development goals sdgs . the icons represent the different capital types involved.
driving innovation & building performance aligned with global climate action towards a net zero carbon future, cdl has been raising our ambition towards a low-carbon and sustainable built environment.
leveraging innovation, digital and green building technology is key to transforming the way we design, build and manage our properties.
energy efficiency, decarbonisation and building resilience to tackle climate risks and create economic and social benefits are our priorities.
innovating to raise building performance we raised the bar and aligned ourselves with more ambitious carbon emissions reduction targets and commitments set in the singapore green plan 2030 in 2021. to achieve these new targets, innovation and r&d are key pathways in the transition to net zero.
in february 2021, cdl demonstrated a firm commitment to decarbonisation by being the first real estate conglomerate in southeast asia to sign the world green building council wgbc 's net zero carbon buildings commitment.
we pledged net zero operational carbon by 2030 for our new and existing wholly-owned assets and developments under our direct operational and management control.
in november 2021 during cop26, cdl joined 44 pioneering companies to expand our pledge to adopt a whole life carbon reduction approach across our value chain.
this bold and ambitious commitment reinforced our longstanding integration of sustainability to future-proof our business.
as we move into a low-carbon world, we will accelerate our focus on innovation and digitalisation to support cdl's business growth and transformation.
1. advancing net zero.
world green building council, 29 november 2021. 2. renamed from super low energy in 2021. 3s green building framework high operational efficiency and productivity low-carbon and cost-effective buildings liveable and healthy environment super-low carbon 2 sbti & net zero targets leverage smart technologies and innovations to reduce building's energy consumption accelerate investment on building retrofits towards decarbonisation step up bca green mark sle certification for existing assets and new developments transition to 100% renewable energy maximise the use of low-carbon materials to reduce embodied carbon over whole life cycle track and monitor emissions reduction progress with validated science-based targets smart integrative & intellig refreshed green building standards as singapore's real estate and green building pioneer since the early 2000s, cdl has amassed a portfolio of 114 bca green mark certifications for our developments and office interiors.
3,4 this makes us the most awarded bca green mark platinum developer in singapore's private sector.
all new residential developments by cdl devote more than 40% of the site area to landscaping and communal facilities incorporating innovative designs and features.
cdl supports bca green mark 2021 gm: 2021 , which refreshes existing green building standards to improve energy performance and place greater emphasis on related sustainability outcomes.
cdl's green building ambitions cdl has set the following targets, endorsed by our top management, to take our green building ambitions to the next level: continually commit to investing 2% to 5% of the construction cost of new developments in green and healthy design and features commit to achieving bca green mark certification for 100% of cdl owned and/or managed buildings by 2030 commit to achieving sle buildings for 80% of cdl owned and/or managed buildings by 2030 5 commit to achieving net zero carbon with whole-life cycle approach for wholly-owned and directly managed buildings in singapore by 2030 commit to reducing the embodied carbon of our construction materials by 41% as compared to conventional equivalents by 2030 key features of 80 anson road awarded green mark sle platinum the first development along anson road to tap on district cooling solar pv system, which will generate renewable energy to meet 30% of the development's major energy-use systems, such as lighting and lifts building's exterior uses horizontal sun shading fins on every level, which reduces heat and energy consumption energy savings for the residential component is estimated to be up to 1.7 million kilowatt-hours per year, equivalent to powering approximately 400 4-room hdb flats green features, for residential component, including energy and water efficient appliances, allow cost savings of up to approximately $450,000 per year awarded bca green mark platinum sle certification cdl's redevelopment project at 80 anson road former fuji xerox towers 's residential component is the first private residential development to receive this award in august 2021. it was subsequently awarded the same achievement for serviced apartments, office and retail.
this has fulfilled our future value 2030 commitment to achieve at least one sle building by 2023. the mixed-use project is aligned with cdl's 3s green building framework, which follows bca's sle building requirements and international standards for advancing health and well-being in buildings.
notes: 3. includes subsidiaries and associated companies.
information accurate as of 31 december 2021. 4. fuji xerox towers was awarded the green mark platinum certificate from 22 december 2017 to 22 december 2020. recertification was subsequently put on hold due to redevelopment works.
5. prior commitment to achieve at least one sle building by 2023 has been achieved in 2021, for our redevelopment project at 80 anson road.
driving innovation & building performance adapting to the new normal – the impact from the covid-19 pandemic has necessitated a shift to a work-from-home wfh arrangement.
this has led to an increased emphasis on flexibility of space, wellness and nature, with homebuyers increasingly drawn to eco-friendly and smart home features.
our latest projects, irwell hill residences and canninghill piers, have taken these trends into consideration.
besides fitting adaptive furnishings for better living and working at home, a variety of co-working spaces are incorporated throughout common areas.
irwell hill residences: people-centric design for work and leisure irwell hill residences is designed to address new trends in nature, wellness, sustainability, as well as flexibility of space for wfh and home-based learning.
some apartment units come with bespoke countertops that can easily convert into workstations.
function rooms are equipped to host meetings and conferences.
irwell vista, located on level 24 of both towers, features a purpose-designed workspace exclusively for residents – vista co-work.
these bespoke workstations are equipped with wi-fi and charging points, in a setting that offers a spectacular view of the sky framed by greenery.
driving innovation & building performance driving innovation and digital transformation innovation has been a key driver in our decarbonisation journey and one of cdl's top-voted material esg issues since 2017. the green building and technology application team was established in 2020 as part of cdl's sustainability portfolio.
the team works closely with the enterprise innovation committee eic in strategising how to leverage scalable technology to reduce our carbon footprint in the way we design, build, and manage our assets.
cdl recognises that circular economy is the way forward.
we have started exploring circularity practices and solutions, such as adopting advanced low-carbon construction methods and materials as part of our efforts to reduce embodied carbon.
cdl innovation engine innovation pipeline: we source for quality leads, qualify them and pilot and/or scale up the implementation of solutions that meet our criteria.
people and culture: we create opportunities for staff to build new capabilities, stay abreast of pertinent industry trends and apply innovation approaches to work.
proptech investment: we invest in and partner with selected venture capital funds and start-ups.
enterprise innovation committee cdl's eic was formed by our group ceo in 2018 as an anchor platform for multidisciplinary collaboration to drive innovation and business transformation.
chaired by our group chief operating officer, the eic has put in active efforts to scout, implement and invest in customer-and digital-centric solutions that create near and long-term business value for cdl.
these activities are powered by three mutually-reinforcing engines: 1 innovation pipeline; 2 people and culture; and 3 proptech investment.
innovation pipeline: piloted and scaled across diverse innovation themes.
cdl constantly identifies and assesses new proptech and other solutions that will future-fit cdl's businesses.
quality leads are prioritised and some will eventually be scoped and executed as pilot projects.
created innovation capability building opportunities: as cdl levels up the innovation maturity model, we aim to have more widespread staff participation in cdl's innovation projects.
in 2021, cdl organised multiple capability building opportunities for our staff to gain greater awareness of the company's innovation strategy, broaden knowledge on proptech and uncover design thinking approaches.
internal communication: in addition, cdl shares bite-sized information about the latest building innovation, global trends, and inspirational reads via eic's monthly internal e-newsletter.
it acts as an innovation stimulant that puts forth business challenges and allows employees across the company to contribute ideas.
continued to work with existing and new investees: cdl invests in venture capital vc funds and companies that are synergistic to cdl's core businesses.
key objectives are to implement investees' solutions that value-add to cdl's assets and explore emerging trends or solutions with potential financial upside.
in 2021, cdl invested in taronga ventures, an apac-based proptech vc fund.
this investment will provide cdl access to a steady stream of pipeline and portfolio start-ups with innovative technology and business models, with a focus on asia as well as on esg.
developing proptech solutions in-house digihub is a proprietary smart enterprise platform for building performance management developed by cbm pte ltd, a wholly owned building and facility management subsidiary of cdl.
digihub is a predictive and integrated facilities management fm solution, leveraging three key technological advances in the digital age – the internet of things iot sensors, edge computing, combined with artificial intelligence ai and machine learning.
digihub synergises the different it capabilities and has revolutionised the delivery of fm services, by allowing central monitoring of multiple assets on asset management functions and improves efficiency in resource deployment.
its proof-of-concept and pilot was first carried out in 2019 at republic plaza, and its completion in 2021 was endorsed by infocomm media development authority.
through digihub, cdl is the first singapore company to secure a discount on a sustainability-linked loan through the adoption of an innovative project that supports the un sdgs on a large-scale basis.
notes: a 3d model is available to provide a real-view of the property.
driving innovation & building performance championing innovation through partnerships r&d and technology are key for a net zero future.
connecting a building's sustainability performance to its design and incorporation of smart technology not only propel energy efficiency but enhance its resilience to climate change.
cdl's extensive network of longstanding partnerships with key r&d players creates business value and helps us navigate towards our net-zero goals.
expanding ev adoption with porsche asia pacific and sp group in december 2021, cdl partnered with porsche asia pacific and sp group to expand ev charging infrastructure at the south beach mixed development and four cdl commercial properties — city square mall, king's centre, palais renaissance and quayside isle.
under the cdl green procurement guidelines for property developments, ev chargers are mandatory provisions at our new commercial properties.
innovations by nus-cdl smart green home since 2017, cdl has formed an r&d partnership with the nus college of design and engineering, formerly known as nus school of design and environment sde . in addition to the nus-cdl tropical technologies laboratory t² lab , which has been operational since late 2018, the nus-cdl smart green home was opened in 2019. it is located at nus' sde building 4, singapore's first new-build net zero energy building.
designed as a 100m² full-size home for testing, analysing, evaluating, and piloting smart home innovations in a "plug-and-play" real-life environment, the nus-cdl smart green home serves as a platform for holistic and innovative experimental studies for sustainable living.
acoustic friendly ventilation window afvw achieves better noise reduction and ventilation how afvw works: 1. air passes through two staggered vents and is enhanced by a mechanical ventilation system to provide 4 times better ventilation compared to an open conventional window.
2. combination of double glazed glass panes and sound absorbers reduces environment noise such as traffic noise by about 26 db more than a fourfold reduction in terms of a human's perception of loudness . since 2010, cdl has been at the forefront of supporting the transformation of the local urban mobility scene by providing carpark lots with ev chargers.
our efforts support the singapore green plan 2030, where singapore aims to install 60,000 ev charging points at public car parks and private premises by 2030. an innovation developed by the nus-cdl smart green home, the acoustic friendly ventilation window afvw prototype was installed at irwell hill residences' showflat in march 2021 for test trials and system refinement.
the afvw allows building occupants to enjoy better indoor air quality, aural comfort, and wellness.
the prototype is currently being improved for commercialisation.
cdl will explore scaling up the use of this novel system in future projects.
close-up view collaboration with seris since 2017, cdl has supported and partnered the solar energy research institute of singapore seris to pilot two projects – building-integrated photovoltaics bipv modules and bifacial bipv art wall.
in 2021, these projects were installed at central mall and city square mall respectively.
data is being collected and evaluated to provide insights into potential scaling-up at existing cdl assets and new developments.
shows a diagram of a bipv module with different components labeled: monsoon wall, bipv roof, unitized wall, panelized wall, light steel structure, fixture wall.
shows an image of bipv panels installed on a building at city square mall.
cost-effective high-power density bipv module at central mall benefits of bipv modules improves indoor thermal and visual comfort as well as electrical performance offers a cost-effective high-power density solution first-of-its-kind bifacial bipv panels piloted at city square mall benefits of bifacial bipv panels customisable aesthetic feature power generator data of the performance of these bifacial bipv panels has been collected for analysis to explore opportunities for scaled-up implementation.
driving innovation & building performance incubator for sdgs in partnership with the united nations development programme undp , singapore centre for social enterprise raise , and social collider, the incubator for sdgs at republic plaza was launched in 2019 to provide rent-free workspace and access to management experts for selected social enterprises and start-ups aligned with one or more un sdgs.
due to covid-19 restrictions, part of the incubator for sdg programme was put on hold.
nevertheless, start-ups were still able to utilize the rent-free shared workspaces in 2020 and 2021. in 2021, cdl engaged global green economic forum ggef , an experienced impact investing accelerator with global connections.
ggef further enhanced the incubator’s programme and welcomed a second intake of impact innovators to join the incubator.
current incubatees include: bountifood food science tech esg tech global esg data exchange platform green materials trading sustainable construction materials sgp foods sustainable urban protein soristic impact collective social impact consulting achieving first-of-its-kind plastic neutrality certification for a building in 2021, cdl partnered with a social enterprise, seven clean seas scs , to certify 11 tampines concourse, one of our commercial properties, under the ocean bound plastic obp neutrality certification.
the novel certification programme aims to encourage obp recycling by compensating the plastic footprint of companies via neutralisation certificates i.e., plastic credits , which are used by organisations, like scs, to collect and treat non-recyclable obp waste.
the certification process also ensures all ethical, social, and environmental requirements are met across the value chain of the building.
this plastic neutrality initiative complements cdl’s long-standing commitment to drive climate action, mitigate the impact of our buildings and contribute towards achieving sdg 14: life below water.
11 tampines concourse, the first carbonneutral® development in singapore and apac region in 2009 driving innovation & building performance innovation highlights for safe, healthy and smart buildings the following pilots reflect cdl's commitment in digitalising and decarbonising to strengthen our business operations.
these highlights are non-exhaustive.
autonomous robotic floor cleaner enhances operational productivity with re-deployment of cleaners.
the robot's operation is monitored remotely via a mobile or web-based application.
onboard cameras and sensors help the cleaning robots navigate around obstacles.
deployed at republic plaza and city square mall since q1 2021. autonomous facade cleaning solution pilot stage a safer way to clean, inspect and repair building facades.
able to reduce reliance on manpower in cleaning and thus lower safety risks.
pilot test started at republic plaza in 2021, and is targeted to be completed by q1 2023. innovative micro-climate control solution pilot stage a self-learning technology that maps out the ambient temperature within a space and adjusts the air distribution for thermal comfort.
pilot started at republic plaza in 2021 and is scheduled to complete in 2022. driving innovation & building performance electronically commutative ec fan to improve efficiency of air distribution an ec fan trial was completed at level 15 of republic plaza in q4 2021. an improvement of 40% to 50% in efficiency was established for air distribution, when compared to the current belt-driven fan.
all current air handling units ahus with belt-driven fans will gradually be replaced with the ec fan type over the next few years.
lift monitoring and predictive analytics system the lifts at palais renaissance are undergoing a trial with the lift service vendor using remote monitoring and diagnostics malaysian ringgit&d technologies to improve their reliability and downtime.
anomalies are expected to be diagnosed or predicted in advance by malaysian ringgit&d to allow for the lift service vendor to plan for relevant manpower needs and inventory preparations.
the trial is scheduled to complete in q2 2022. smart energy storage system to replace diesel-powered generators deployed at irwell hill residences' construction site in q4 2021 — one of the first five construction sites in singapore to pilot this technology.
smart battery offers an advanced energy storage solution, which is diesel-free and fully electric.
allows the project team to remotely monitor usage and perform troubleshooting.
expected to reduce carbon emissions by 85% and reduce noise by 32 times compared to the conventional diesel-powered generator.
uplifting customer experience through digital engagement cdl actively leverages technology to automate processes, standardise protocols and drive data-backed decision-making.
examples of such enablers are systems that support asset management modelling, customer relationship management, lease management and facilities management.
desired outcomes include greater consistency in service standards, higher productivity, reduced margins of error and heightened competitiveness.
digitalised homebuying processes cdl developed an in-house proprietary home sales and e-balloting system to facilitate expressions of interest, balloting and satellite sales bookings.
piloted during irwell hill residences' launch, this newly-developed system provided homebuyers a more conducive, transparent and seamless buying experience.
digitalisation of these processes increased efficiency and reduced paper wastage, and garnered positive feedback from homebuyers and sales agents.
notes : the image shows a screenshot of the cdl home sales and e-balloting system login page.
achieving high customer satisfaction to better understand customers' expectations, identify areas for improvement, and enhance service quality, cdl regularly reviews customer satisfaction measurements through formal surveys.
our target is to achieve at least a 70% satisfaction rate from homebuyers and at least 80% from office, industrial and retail tenants.
as part of the tenant engagement program and continued efforts for improvement, tenants of commercial properties are surveyed annually on their levels of satisfaction in areas such as building and services management.
in 2021, all sectors exceeded the targeted 80% tenant satisfaction rate and improved against 2020. for homebuyers, an online customer satisfaction survey is sent at least nine months after handover to measure their experience across various touchpoints.
in 2021, a customer satisfaction survey was administered with homebuyers of forest woods, which achieved an overall satisfaction rate of 66%.
the findings uncovered a gap in workmanship due to a shortage of skilled workers since the pandemic started.
to enhance customer experience, the virtual handover of strata units launched in 2020 was extended to include common areas, following homebuyers' feedback.
in 2021, homebuyers who had opted for a virtual handover were treated to a virtual walkthrough of individual units and common facilities in the development.
homebuyer satisfaction on the virtual handover experience has since grown from 95% in 2020 to 100% in 2021. we continually engage homebuyers via virtual platforms even after handover of the apartment units.
in 2021, cdl organised three online contests and seven webinars on health, wellness, home design and financial planning for our homebuyers.
table: homebuyers' satisfaction % year: 2017, overall level of satisfaction: 68, recommend to friends: 65 year: 2018, overall level of satisfaction: 61, recommend to friends: 57 year: 2019, overall level of satisfaction: 78, recommend to friends: 72 year: 2020, overall level of satisfaction: n/a, recommend to friends: n/a year: 2021, overall level of satisfaction: 66, recommend to friends: 63 table end.
note: based on total number of respondents.
there was no customer satisfaction survey administered in 2020 as there was no development that obtained top within the relevant timeframe that is nine months after top.
table: tenants' satisfaction % year: 2017, office: 97, industrial: 89, retail: 98 year: 2018, office: 97, industrial: 83, retail: 100 year: 2019, office: 97, industrial: 76, retail: 95 year: 2020, office: 97, industrial: 88, retail: 94 year: 2021, office: 100, industrial: 94, retail: 95 table end.
driving innovation & building performance engaging homebuyers in living green since 2004, cdl has implemented the let's live green eco-home initiative for our newly completed residential properties.
as part of the initiative, every homebuyer receives a green living guide, designed to provide eco-friendly lifestyle tips and to encourage active usage of green features and facilities catered within the individual units and in the common areas.
in 2021, softcopies of the green living guide were distributed to homebuyers of the tapestry when the development obtained top in february.
engaging tenants in our green initiatives tenant and occupant activities within a building can account for close to 50% of the total electricity consumption.
cdl works closely with our commercial tenants, beyond investing in green infrastructure.
through our green lease partnership programme, we are shifting user mindset and behaviour to support cdl's green building commitment.
tenant and occupant activities accounted for 48.3% of total building electricity consumption in 2021 for cdl's managed buildings.
supporting tenants to go green through the green lease partnership programme cdl implemented the green lease partnership programme since 2014 to support our commercial tenants' efforts to lower their carbon footprint.
since end-2017, 100% of tenants have pledged their commitment to go green by signing a green lease.
the green lease partnership programme activities include green guidelines and checklists for all new tenants to guide them in fitting out works and operations.
stepping up on tenant engagement we remain steadfast in connecting with our tenant community amidst wfh arrangements through cdl cityconnect , a dedicated facebook page with the latest happenings, contests, and curated content for our tenant community.
for example, cdl promoted tenant health and well-being through the health promotion board's national steps challenge™ season 6 the first-ever healthy workplace ecosystems corporate challenge , rallying republic plaza, city house and 11 tampines concourse tenants to sign up and stay active.
we also held online contests where cdl office community members shared home fitness tips.
other initiatives include promotional deals for food delivery services, invitations to wellness talks and tips on eco-friendly living.
in 2022, cdl cityconnect will continue to share regular updates, happenings, and other exciting content to promote engagement with our tenant community.
. connecting with our cdl tenant community driving innovation & building performance delivering quality buildings and high safety standards conquas.
our developments have consistently excelled under the bca conquas 7 scheme, the national standard assessment system on the quality of buildings.
while it is not mandatory for private sector projects to subscribe to bca conquas, cdl has consistently pushed for all our projects to be assessed since the inception of the assessment system.
the tapestry, which obtained top in 2021, attained the highest tier conquas star 8 rating.
bca quality excellence.
in 2021, cdl emerged as the only developer to be conferred the quality excellence award – quality champion platinum for nine consecutive years, which is a testament to our steadfast commitment to delivering quality green homes and commercial spaces.
community inclusion through universal design in line with our commitment to putting building users' needs as a priority in the spaces we build, cdl instituted a company-wide universal design policy since 2011. endorsed by cdl's senior management, the policy exceeds the mandatory requirements specified in the code of barrier-free accessibility by bca to create an inclusive built environment in singapore that caters to the varied needs of the public.
cdl also strives to work towards achieving bca universal design mark gold plus certification, where possible, for all our new developments.
we do so by integrating user-centric philosophy into our design, operations and maintenance and contribute largely to an inclusive and barrier-free built environment.
forest woods and the tapestry, our residential developments completed in 2020 and 2021 respectively, and amber park expected top: 2023 obtained the bca universal design mark gold plus award.
some of the features at these developments include multi-generation playgrounds where both seniors and children can enjoy the space together and clear, easy-to-read signages with braille.
at the tapestry, we also designed transfer platforms for swimming pools to allow wheelchair users and the elderly to enjoy the pool facilities at their convenience.
at forest woods, we have seats of varying heights to cater to users of different statures.
7 bca conquas is the de facto national standard assessment system on the quality of buildings based on three areas of structural works, architectural works and m&e works.
8 bca conquas star is accorded to a project that has attained a conquas score of at least 95 points.
decarbonising towards net zero the image depicts a modern building with extensive green spaces integrated into its design.
this visually represents a commitment to decarbonization and achieving net-zero emissions.
the "decarbonising towards net zero" text overlay reinforces this message.
decarbonising towards net zero activities : energy efficiency and reduction accelerating renewable energy solutions greenhouse gas quantification and reporting carbon emissions reduction initiatives cdl green lease partnership climate change scenario planning, outputs : carbon emissions reduction renewable energy adoption water reduction waste reduction green building innovation and technology application improved recycling rates, value created : net zero carbon by 2030 commitment green buildings responsible and sustainable supply chain science-based approach, contributing to sdgs : table end.
natural capital : , manufactured capital : , social and relationship capital : table end.
notes : the image displays a roadmap for decarbonization, showing activities, outputs, value created, and contributions to the sustainable development goals sdgs . the roadmap is categorized into natural capital, manufactured capital, and social and relationship capital.
decarbonising towards net zero the global race to zero has gained fast momentum in 2021. cities, businesses and organisations, which have committed to net zero carbon emissions by or around 2050, represent 90% of global gdp.
buildings are responsible for close to 40% of global energy-related carbon emissions and global material use is expected to more than double by 2060.¹ the way in which developers design, build and manage buildings will contribute to a lower carbon footprint.
alongside singapore's commitment in february 2022 to achieve net zero emissions by or around 2050, we are committed to continue our efforts to intensify our decarbonisation efforts towards a net zero future.
enhanced ambition in the global race to zero renewed sbti-validated carbon emissions intensity reduction targets diagram showing three reduction targets reduce scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 63% per m² leased area by 2030 from a 2016 base year.
this is an increase from our 2018 carbon emissions intensity target of reducing 59% of our scope 1 and 2 emissions from a 2007 base year by 2030. the new baseline year of 2016 presents a more stringent and aspirational goal.
reduce scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from purchased goods and services by 41% per m² gross floor area gfa by 2030 from a 2016 base year.
reduce absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from investments by 58.8% by 2030 from a 2016 base year that covers hotels managed by our wholly-owned hospitality subsidiary, millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c . in december 2021, we successfully raised the carbon reduction targets that were assessed and validated by the sbti, aligned with a 1.5°c warmer scenario.
the revised targets also support cdl's world green building council's worldgbc net zero carbon buildings commitment.
since 2015, cdl has established a climate change policy and set climate-related targets in 2017 to mitigate our environmental impact.
in 2018, we were the first real estate company in singapore to set science based targets initiative sbti -validated targets based on a 2°c warmer scenario.
cdl's renewed sbti-validated targets complement our pledge to the business ambition for 1.5°c campaign led by un global compact, sbti and we mean business coalition, where cdl was one of 87 pioneering signatories in september 2019. notes: 1. 2021 global status report for buildings and construction.
global alliance for buildings and construction, 19 october 2021. decarbonising towards net zero ambitious goals are effective drivers for action.
as a demonstration of our commitment, cdl became the first real estate conglomerate in southeast asia to sign the worldgbc net zero carbon buildings commitment in february 2021. this is a global pledge to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030, covering new and existing wholly-owned assets under our direct management and operational control.
in november 2021, during cop26, cdl joined 44 pioneering companies worldwide to extend our pledge towards a net zero whole life carbon emissions approach.
through this expanded commitment, we pledged to achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon in new developments, compensating for any remaining residual operational and upfront embodied emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030 and for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050. scope of cdl's net zero carbon commitment as of feb 2021 247,016 m² total floor area 15,044 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent portfolio carbon emissions 16,922 average kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter whole life carbon footprint 415 employees for more details, please refer to worldgbc's website.
complementing decarbonisation efforts through carbon offsetting since 2009, cdl has adopted carbon neutrality to supplement our efforts to search for innovative solutions to raise energy efficiency and reduce our carbon footprint.
through carbon offsetting, we have achieved carbon neutrality for our headquarters' operations for more than a decade.
in november 2021, cdl was the only singapore real estate company amongst 19 pioneering companies invited to climate impact x's pilot auction.
climate impact x is a partnership by sgx, dbs, standard chartered and temasek to provide a global exchange and marketplace for companies to access high-quality carbon credits.
through the auction, we successfully secured carbon credits from eight global natural climate solutions projects.
these credits will be utilised over the next three years to offset an estimated 6% to 7% of emissions from our operations per year to complement cdl's net zero targets by 2030. notes: this is based on cdl's total carbon emissions from cdl's operations in singapore in 2019, which includes scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions.
2019 data was used as cdl's operations were substantially impacted by covid-19 in 2020. decarbonising towards net zero carbon reduction strategy and performance as the saying goes, what gets measured gets managed.
we started tracking and reporting our carbon performance to cdp since 2010. cdl's rigorous climate strategy and carbon management has helped us to achieve top ratings from cdp.
since 2018, cdl has been the only company in southeast asia and hong kong to remain on the cdp a list, and is the only singaporean company to score an a in 2021. this recognition marks the fourth consecutive year that cdl has received an 'a' score for climate change strategy, and the third year that the company has received an 'a' score for water security.
this reaffirms our climate-focused strategies in strengthening our resource-efficient portfolio towards a climate-resilient future.
cdl's journey to net zero year: before 2017 , initiatives: voluntarily reduced our annual carbon emissions to net zero for our corporate office operations and 11 tampines concourse—the first carbonneutral® development in singapore and the asia pacific established targets to reduce carbon emissions intensity by 25% by 2030 from 2007 levels introduced a climate change policy first singapore developer to validate greenhouse gas emissions against iso 14064 year: 2017 , initiatives: raised carbon intensity reduction target to 38% by 2030 from 2007 levels by adopting the sectoral decarbonisation approach one of four pioneering singapore companies to adopt tcfd reporting year: 2018 , initiatives: raised carbon intensity reduction target to 59% by 2030 from 2007 levels ; first singapore developer to have 2°c-aligned carbon reduction target validated by sbti set target to reduce embodied carbon of building materials by 24%, compared to their conventional equivalents, by 2030 year: 2019 , initiatives: joined pioneer batch of 87 companies to support the business ambition for 1.5°c campaign completed first climate change scenario study for 2°c and 4°c warmer scenarios year: 2020 , initiatives: completed second climate change scenario study for 1.5°c warmer scenario took the un climate neutral now pledge to remain carbon neutral for our corporate office and 11 tampines concourse operations formulated cdl green building policy and 3s green building framework year: 2021 , initiatives: signed worldgbc's net zero carbon buildings commitment, pledging net zero whole life carbon by 2030 expanded our un climate neutral now pledge to include all wholly-owned buildings and developments under our direct management and operational control validated renewed sbti targets aligned with 1.5°c warmer scenario commenced third climate change scenario study, considering cop26 outcomes and the impact of covid-19 table end.
decarbonising towards net zero carbon emissions performance in 2021, cdl achieved a carbon emissions intensity reduction of 42%, as compared to the baseline year of 2007. total carbon emissions increased by 7.8% across all cdl's business operations in singapore, compared to 2020 where most construction work was suspended during the initial stages of the covid-19 pandemic.
this increase is also due to a gradual return to full operations in 2021. cdl's largest source of emissions is electricity usage, reported as scope 2 emissions.
this frames our carbon mitigation strategy's focus on reducing scope 2 emissions.
details can be found under "energy reduction strategy and performance".
cdl also recognises the importance of addressing scope 3 emissions, which are indicators of exposure to climate risks in our supply chain or use of products.
we monitor and report scope 3 emissions to enhance our carbon reduction efforts by identifying large emission sources along our value chain.
details can be found under “achieving a resilient supply chain and sustainable sourcing”.
driving ambitious corporate climate action sbti-validated carbon emissions intensity reduction target target year: by 2030, reduction target % : 59%, performance in 2021 % : 42%, baseline year: 2007 table end.
interim annual targets to be revised towards achieving: target year: by 2030, reduction target % : 63%, baseline year: 2016 table end.
notes : total carbon emissions intensity reduction in 2021 is based on our previous baseline year of 2007 as cdl's renewed sbti targets were validated in december 2021. cdl will start reporting carbon emissions intensity reduction rates based on the new 2016 baseline year from 2022 onwards.
gradual resumption of construction work from 2 june 2020. building and construction authority, 15 may 2020. decarbonising towards net zero total carbon emissions from cdl's operations in singapore tonnes co₂e notes applicable throughout this chapter : cdl's operations in singapore refer to the corporate office, managed buildings and construction sites.
they exclude hotel properties.
figures stated in charts may not add up due to the rounding of decimals.
in accordance with greenhouse gas protocol, scope 2 emissions are calculated using both location-based and market-based methods.
the figures shown in brackets represent calculations using a market-based method and include the reduction in emissions from the purchase of renewable energy certificates.
corporate office: cdl corporate office in singapore occupied approximately 5,013m² across four floors in republic plaza.
the measurement applies to all environmental performance reported in this chapter.
managed buildings: in 2021, cdl managed eight office buildings, two retail buildings and three industrial buildings in singapore, with an average monthly net lettable area of 165,198 m², 45,321 m² and 36,333 m² respectively.
the measurement applies to greenhouse gas calculations, with all other environmental performances reported using the net lettable area.
construction sites: in 2021, cdl measured and monitored the environmental impact and performance of seven active construction sites in singapore with a gfa of 78,949 m² built for that year.
the measurement applies to all environmental performance reported in this chapter.
fuji xerox towers' greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water and waste data are included up to 30 june 2021, as it ceased its operations for redevelopment thereafter.
table: total carbon emissions from cdl's operations in singapore tonnes co₂e year: 2017, cdl corporate office scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 747, cdl managed buildings scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 22,895, cdl construction sites: 2,147 year: 2018, cdl corporate office scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 615 432 , cdl managed buildings scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 22,327 22,124 , cdl construction sites: 1,277 year: 2019, cdl corporate office scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 635 478 , cdl managed buildings scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 19,719 19,071 , cdl construction sites: 2,780 year: 2020, cdl corporate office scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 286 161 , cdl managed buildings scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 17,243 16,184 , cdl construction sites: 2,405 year: 2021, cdl corporate office scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 210 83 , cdl managed buildings scope 1 + 2 + 3 : 17,198 16,591 , cdl construction sites: 4,076 table end.
notes : figures in parentheses represent calculations using a market-based method.
data includes direct and indirect emissions.
scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions are defined in the text above the table.
decarbonising towards net zero carbon emissions intensity of cdl's operations in singapore kg co₂e/m² chart showing carbon emissions intensity from 2017 to 2021 for cdl corporate office, cdl managed buildings, and cdl construction sites.
data is broken down by scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions.
total carbon emissions from cdl's operations in singapore and six key subsidiaries tonnes co₂e since 2014, cdl started reporting the carbon emissions of our key subsidiaries to ensure greater disclosure and accountability of the group's carbon footprint.
given cdl's strong commitment to climate action and environmental protection, the environmental performance and practices of our subsidiaries are also important to us.
chart showing total carbon emissions from 2017 to 2021 for cdl, cbm, cdlht, city serviced offices, le grove, tower club, and m&c.
data is broken down by scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions.
notes: the decrease is due to fewer overseas business trips and less frequent local employee commute due to increased wfh arrangements.
data represents le grove's office operations only.
le grove serviced residences was closed for renovation from december 2016 to july 2018. data excludes carbon emissions from m&c hotels which are managed by third-party operators and where cdl does not have direct operational control over them.
decarbonising towards net zero: energy reduction strategy and performance electricity constitutes a significant proportion of cdl's operational expenditure.
it impacts the total amount of scope 2 emissions released through our business activities.
cdl places great emphasis on cost-effectively improving our energy performance to reduce carbon emissions and energy intensities.
with this priority in mind, we were the first developer in singapore to achieve the iso 50001 energy management system certification for asset management in 2014. we have since continued to set energy reduction targets for our managed properties in singapore, while continually improving their energy performance through careful review and implementation of energy management plans.
lifecycle approach to energy management we take a holistic view towards energy reduction by adopting measures across various stages of a building's lifecycle — from design and construction to operation of the asset.
each business unit adheres to guidelines that detail the strategic initiatives, performance standards and specific requirements relating to energy efficiency and climate change mitigation measures.
table: key energy management initiatives and benefits by project lifecycle stage stage in project lifecycle: design , key energy management initiatives: incorporate passive design strategies that reduce solar heat gain through design of building form, envelope and orientation increase building greenery on roof and facade to reduce urban heat gain increase natural ventilation to improve passive cooling and reduce heat gain maximise natural lighting use energy-efficient lighting such as led lighting in all common areas incorporate energy-efficient home appliances in building units incorporate solar panels such as building-integrated photovoltaics bipv systems in common areas, where applicable, benefits: reduce electricity consumption and cooling cost reduce electricity consumption and cost reduce reliance on the grid and lower carbon emissions stage in project lifecycle: construction , key energy management initiatives: use electricity directly from the power grid supply to reduce reliance on diesel generators where applicable, benefits: reduce emission levels of carbon, sulphur oxides, nitrogen oxides and particulates stage in project lifecycle: operation of assets , key energy management initiatives: identify high energy consumption installations and their respective energy management opportunities, e.grams. installation of pv, chiller upgrading and lift modernisation install sub-metering systems to provide data granularity and identify energy management opportunities leverage advanced management systems to enhance building performance, e.grams. energy management system to optimise chiller efficiency and building management system to control key equipment in buildings generate on-site renewable energy, where possible, through the installation of pv and bipv panels, benefits: reduce electricity consumption and cost enhance the monitoring and control of building equipment e.grams. heating, ventilation and air conditioning, lifts to reduce energy use reduce reliance on fossil fuel; lower carbon emissions table end.
page 64 of cdl integrated sustainability report 2022 decarbonising towards net zero energy reduction strategy and initiatives since 2004, cdl has retrofitted all our managed buildings by upgrading chiller plants, introducing motion sensors, installing energy-efficient lighting and recladding facades.
due to covid-19, implementation of new energy-saving initiatives was postponed in 2020 and 2021. our efforts from previous initiatives since 2012 continued to yield an estimated annual energy savings of around 15.1 million kilowatt-hours, equivalent to more than $3.4 million of cost savings in 2021. we have also incorporated climate-resilient design and installations, such as green roofs and vertical green walls, at our investment properties to reduce heat gain and mitigate urban heat island effect.
over the years, we have actively engaged tenants as part of cdl's sustainability outreach efforts to raise sustainability awareness and promote green practices along our value chain.
since 2014, we have been implementing our green lease partnership programme, which engages and encourages tenants to adopt energy conservation measures.
in 2021, we continued to maintain a 100% programme participation rate for our retail and office tenants.
accelerating renewable energy solutions the adoption of renewable energy is integral in the design and construction of our projects.
in addition to installing solar panels at selected buildings since the early 2000s, we have progressively participated in the emerging renewable energy certificates marketplace since 2017. by procuring locally-sourced renewable energy certificates, cdl attributed 100% of the electricity consumed by our headquarters' operations and part of our commercial buildings' operations in 2021 to renewable sources.
this helped to offset 734 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon emissions, which is equivalent to powering approximately 424 four-room hdb flats for one year.
energy efficiency and reduction performance as part of our iso 14001 and iso 50001 environmental and energy management systems, cdl has been tracking and reporting our environmental performance against our energy targets since 2007. we regularly review the energy reduction and efficiency plans for all our properties and introduce initiatives where areas for improvement are identified.
in 2021, we trialed more advanced energy-efficient air handling units with an electronically commutative ec fan and micro-climate control solution at selected properties.
our current interim targets aim to reduce energy use intensity by 37% from 2007 levels for office and industrial buildings, and 18% from 2010 levels for retail buildings.
we surpassed our interim annual targets in 2021, with a performance of 48% reduction in energy use intensity for office and industrial buildings, and 31% reduction in energy use intensity for retail buildings, respectively.
we monitor and drive energy efficiency and reduction improvements through target and performance tracking for development projects.
our current targets are to achieve an energy use intensity of 95 kilowatt-hours/m² or lesser by 2030, with an interim target of 105 kilowatt-hours/m² or lesser in 2020, for completed projects that have reached top status in the reporting year.
in 2021, the finalised energy use intensity for the completed project, the tapestry, has marginally missed the interim 2021 target.
moving forward, cdl has started piloting a smart energy storage system to replace the traditional diesel-powered generator to reduce our carbon footprint.
notes: energy use intensity is for purchased electricity, as base year levels were calculated using purchased electricity only.
2021 interim annual targets were set based on cdl's 2°c-aligned carbon target previously validated by sbti in 2018. the targets were to reduce energy use intensity by 45% from 2007 levels for office and industrial buildings, and 18% from 2010 levels for retail buildings, by 2030. decarbonising towards net zero total energy usage of cdl's operations in singapore megawatt-hours chart showing total energy usage from 2017-2021 for cdl corporate office, cdl managed buildings, and cdl construction sites, broken down by energy source solar, renewable energy certificate, fuel, purchased electricity . note: electricity consumption attributed to renewable sources from the purchase of renewable energy certificates has been excluded from purchased electricity to avoid double counting.
energy usage and energy usage intensity of cdl's operations in singapore chart showing energy usage and intensity kilowatt-hours/m² from 2017-2021 for cdl corporate office, cdl managed buildings, and cdl construction sites.
includes data for total energy usage megawatt-hours , energy intensity kilowatt-hours/m² , and purchased electricity intensity kilowatt-hours/m² . note: purchased electricity intensity here includes the electricity consumption attributed to renewable sources from the purchase of renewable energy certificates.
decarbonising towards net zero total energy usage of cdl's operations in singapore and six key subsidiaries megawatt-hours to align with our reporting scope for greenhouse gas emissions, cdl also reports on the energy data of our subsidiaries.
the tracking and reporting of our subsidiaries' energy data not only ensures greater disclosure and accountability, but also enables the group to strategically manage energy usage.
chart showing total energy usage megawatt-hours from 2017 to 2021 for cdl, cbm, cdlht, city serviced offices, le grove, tower club, and m&c.
notes: from 2018, energy from fuel consumption has been included in the data reported.
data represents le grove's office only.
le grove serviced residences was closed for renovation from december 2016 to july 2018. operations of ingensys was added upon acquisition by cbm in 2019. cbm and le grove's 2020 values were corrected to include fuel consumption for vehicles.
table: total energy usage by subsidiary megawatt-hours subsidiary: cdl, 2017: 50,752, 2018: 49,684, 2019: 47,550, 2020: 44,846, 2021: 40,556 subsidiary: cbm, 2017: 132, 2018: 607, 2019: 940, 2020: 966, 2021: 1,025 subsidiary: cdlht, 2017: 47,459, 2018: 44,800, 2019: 41,501, 2020: 40,657, 2021: 33,168 subsidiary: city serviced offices, 2017: 433, 2018: 381, 2019: 325, 2020: 202, 2021: 190 subsidiary: le grove, 2017: 5, 2018: 1,045, 2019: 2,084, 2020: 1,990, 2021: 2,041 subsidiary: tower club, 2017: 983, 2018: 1,008, 2019: 1,017, 2020: 762, 2021: 790 subsidiary: m&c, 2017: 546,560, 2018: 507,724, 2019: 492,784, 2020: 347,230, 2021: 330,439 table end.
decarbonising towards net zero climate change scenario analysis of 1.5°c warmer scenario heightened regulatory and investor action towards a net zero future has raised the bar for more decisive corporate action.
since 2018, cdl has been conducting climate change scenario planning to better understand how different levels of global mean temperature change and socioeconomic development can impact our business.
in december 2021, cdl commenced our third study to include relevant climate-related impacts of covid-19 and key cop26 outcomes, building on the previous studies.
the findings will be based on latest research and scenario analysis from ipcc, iea, the network for greening the financial system ngfs , world bank and other relevant climate science datasets.
scope and parameters of the three studies table: climate change scenario analysis parameters parameters: climate scenarios , 1st study: 2018: 2°c and 4°c warmer scenario, 2nd study: 2019 - 2020: 1.5°c and 2°c warmer scenario, 3rd study: 2021 - 2022: orderly scenarios – net zero by 2050 1.5°c disorderly scenarios – delayed transition 2°c parameters: types of risks , 2nd study: 2019 - 2020: physical and transition risks parameters: timeframe , 1st study: 2018: 2030, 2nd study: 2019 - 2020: short term: present - 2030 medium term: 2030 - 2050 long term: 2050 - 2100 parameters: countries , 1st study: 2018: singapore china uk, 2nd study: 2019 - 2020: singapore china uk usa, 3rd study: 2021 - 2022: singapore china uk usa new zealand parameters: baseline year , 1st study: 2018: 2016, 2nd study: 2019 - 2020: 2018, 3rd study: 2021 - 2022: 2019 with 2020 caveats included where relevant parameters: business units , 2nd study: 2019 - 2020: development properties, investment properties and hotel operations table end.
note: terminologies from ngfs's framework.
cdl's third climate change scenario study is using data and technical resources corresponding to the second set of ngfs scenarios published in june 2021 via the ngfs scenarios portal.
. //page number and footer decarbonising towards net zero global and national developments unfolding from key cop26 outcomes and the climate-related impacts of covid-19 remain the most significant drivers for climate-related risks in many sectors.
by determining the financial impacts from these developments, cdl can better plan for our resilience strategies.
overview of transition risks covered in the 3 rd study key cop 26 outcomes commitment to phase down coal power commitment to halt and reverse forest loss and land degradation by 2030 global methane pledge to reduce global methane emissions by 30% commitment to accelerate the transition to electric vehicles ev financial alliances e.grams., gfanz and its united states dollar130 trillion global financial pledge, net zero banking alliance to support net zero targets, as well as climate funding to support adaptation efforts, including starting a dialogue for "loss and damage" conversations push for clean technology e.grams., glasgow breakthrough 1 agreement on paris agreement article 6 rulebook, to facilitate international carbon markets while avoiding double-counting potentially relevant impact of covid-19 2 shift to hybrid work arrangements reduction in energy use and cost from building operations, in the longer term reduced demand for new developments waste generation from building occupancy impacted new waste generated from masks and sanitation equipment increased awareness and momentum for esg-related issues brought on by covid-19 may promote ev uptake in the near term, a substantial proportion of government funding could be set aside for covid-19 relief measures and public health safety and economic recovery, ahead of greening efforts increased awareness and momentum for esg-related issues brought on by covid-19 may help to promote clean technology investments notes: 1. the glasgow breakthrough is an international collaboration framework for clean technology, with five key areas: power, road transport, steel, hydrogen, and agriculture.
2. temporary impacts are not considered to be relevant for the study's 2030 timeframe.
decarbonising towards net zero water reduction strategy and performance in water-scarce singapore, water management is vital, considering core activities during our operations are water-intensive and highly dependent on a reliable supply of water.
cdl takes a holistic approach towards water management to maintain and enhance the efficiency, resilience, desirability and long-term value of our assets and developments.
responsible water management practices allow us to deliver value to our homeowners and tenants through water and cost savings.
cdl draws both potable and newater for non-potable use from pub's utility network and utilises the water for building operations and maintenance activities in our managed buildings.
most of the water consumption in commercial buildings is for cooling towers, toilets, pantries, water features, irrigation and washing activities.
in our construction sites, potable water is used mostly by our contractors for sanitation purposes.
lifecycle approach to water management as part of our robust water management strategy, cdl focuses on effective management of water quality and usage across every project's development and management lifecycle stages.
for instance, amber park, a bca green mark gold plus development, features an automatic water-efficient irrigation system that harvests rainwater for landscape irrigation.
this, along with other water-saving features, will achieve an estimated reduction in 110,000 cubic meters of potable water usage per annum.
water reduction initiatives cdl reviews our utility bills annually to identify buildings that are high in water usage.
monthly water consumption by our key business units is closely tracked to detect any spikes in water usage that require attention.
to reduce reliance on potable water, cdl uses newater wherever possible, for example, for operations that do not require potable water.
to date, 12 out of 13 cdl managed buildings 92% of our building portfolio have been certified as “water-efficient table: breakdown of water withdrawal by corporate office and managed buildings in 2021 cubic meters water type: newater, volume cubic meters : 52,589 water type: surface water, volume cubic meters : 100,574 water type: potable water, volume cubic meters : 172,512 water type: seawater, volume cubic meters : 71,937 table end.
table: breakdown of water withdrawal by construction sites in 2021 cubic meters water type: surface water, volume cubic meters : 70,051 water type: potable water, volume cubic meters : 120,155 water type: seawater, volume cubic meters : 50,105 table end.
notes: all potable water withdrawal comes from a single third-party water source supplied by pub.
the breakdown of water sources is based on pub's our water, our future report.
based on pub's our water, our future report, all potable water and newater are categorised as freshwater with total dissolved solids levels of ≤1,000 mg/l.
based on wri's technical note on aqueduct projected water stress country rankings, the entire area of singapore is identified to be of high physical risk.
the physical risk tool identifies areas of concern exposed to water risks e.grams., droughts or floods that may impact short- or long-term water availability.
as such, all water withdrawal is from water stress areas.
: a pie chart showing the breakdown of water withdrawal by corporate office and managed buildings in 2021. : a pie chart showing the breakdown of water withdrawal by construction sites in 2021. decarbonising towards net zero buildings’ by pub for outstanding water conservation efforts.
recognising that water conservation is a shared responsibility, cdl engages our tenants and homebuyers through initiatives such as our green lease partnership programme and green living guide.
these initiatives aim to promote good water conservation practices that complement cdl’s water-efficient design and features in our buildings.
since the inception of pub’s abc waters certification in 2010, cdl has attained the certification for eight developments.
our h2o residences was the first private development to be abc waters-certified due to its seamless integration with surrounding water bodies and park.
the tapestry, completed in 2021, scored wins at the edgeprop singapore excellence awards 2021 for its nature-inspired design.
every apartment is fitted with water-efficient and energy-efficient accessories with a rainwater discharge system at the roof.
at our commercial properties, rainwater harvesting is carried out for landscaping use to conserve water.
in 2021, for example, city square mall’s metered rainwater harvesting system collected a total of 813.9 cubic meters of water.
key water management initiatives stage in project lifecycle: design , key water management initiatives: incorporate water-efficient fittings and fixtures, benefits: reduce water usage key water management initiatives: use recycled water and drought-resistant plants for landscaping, benefits: reduce water usage key water management initiatives: harvest rainwater for landscape irrigation, benefits: retain and control stormwater runoff to minimise flooding risk; treat stormwater runoff to reduce impurities discharged into water systems stage in project lifecycle: construction , key water management initiatives: install self-closing taps where applicable, benefits: reduce water usage key water management initiatives: collect rainwater for washing wheels of vehicles on-site, benefits: reduce water usage key water management initiatives: install water recycling systems for site cleaning, benefits: prevent silty water from being discharged into water systems key water management initiatives: install silty water treatment system, benefits: prevent silty water from being discharged into water systems stage in project lifecycle: operation of assets , key water management initiatives: conduct routine checks on pipes, taps, urinal, and wc flush systems, benefits: prevent water wastage due to leaks or over-sensitive sensors key water management initiatives: holistically incorporate water-efficient fixtures and fittings, e.grams., flow regulators, self-closing taps, benefits: reduce water usage key water management initiatives: use newater for operations that do not require potable water, benefits: reduce reliance on potable water table end.
key water conservation initiatives in 2021 table: water conservation savings in 2021 initiative: water conserved from construction sites, business unit: property development, savings: 70,236 cubic meters equivalent to almost $192,000 in savings initiative: use of newater instead of potable water, business unit: asset management, savings: use of 52,589 cubic meters of newater, equivalent to 23.4% of the total water used and more than $21,500 saved as compared to using potable water table end.
conserved water quantity is estimated using the total water use intensity for completed projects in the reporting year against the water use intensity target of 1.75m³/m². water tariffs at $2.74 per cubic meters inclusive of tariff, water conservation tax and waterborne fee . newater tariffs at $2.33 per cubic meters inclusive of tariff and waterborne fee . figures are before gst.
for the full list of water prices, please visit pub’s website.
water efficiency and reduction performance recognising that holistic water management enhances the long-term value of our assets and developments, we have continuously implemented water conservation initiatives and tracked our water performance since 2007. cdl achieved the 2021 cdp a list in water security.
this marks the third year of this recognition and affirms cdl's robust water management strategy.
to maintain our strong track record, we regularly review the water management plans for all our properties and introduce initiatives where areas for improvement are identified.
water usage and water use intensity of cdl's operations in singapore chart depicting total water usage and water use intensity of cdl's operations in singapore from 2017 to 2021, broken down by cdl corporate office, cdl managed buildings, and cdl construction sites.
table: water usage data for cdl's operations in singapore 2017-2021 category: cdl corporate office , year: 2017, total water used cubic meters : 158,765, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 2.5 year: 2018, total water used cubic meters : 343,430, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.42 year: 2019, total water used cubic meters : 387,035, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.58 year: 2020, total water used cubic meters : 288,114, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.81 year: 2021, total water used cubic meters : 292,667, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.48 category: cdl managed buildings , year: 2017, total water used cubic meters : 339,143, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 3.0 year: 2018, total water used cubic meters : 311,533, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.9 year: 2019, total water used cubic meters : 313,507, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.8 year: 2020, total water used cubic meters : 191,164, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 1.9 year: 2021, total water used cubic meters : 170,697, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 2.0 category: cdl construction sites , year: 2017, total water used cubic meters : 2,857, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 2.5 year: 2018, total water used cubic meters : 28,999, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.7 year: 2019, total water used cubic meters : 69,462, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.8 year: 2020, total water used cubic meters : 94,546, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 1.4 year: 2021, total water used cubic meters : 120,155, water use intensity cubic meters per square meter : 1.5 table end.
notes: water used and water use intensity are for potable water only.
industrial grade newater usage is not included in the amount of water used.
total amount of water withdrawn is the same as total amount of water discharged into third-party water i.e. pub sewers with negligible amounts of water consumed.
hence, the total amount of water used is reported here.
estimated numbers were used for cdl corporate office in 2018 and january to march 2019, due to the installation of water meters in our corporate office, having relocated from city house to republic plaza during this period.
water consumption data from april 2019 was taken from installed water meters.
figures for 2018 and 2019 have been restated to include water consumption from corporate office pantries.
water use figures for cdl managed buildings have been restated to remove corporate office water usage quantities as they are reported separately in this report.
water use intensity for on-site dormitories for cdl construction sites is not included.
decarbonising towards net zero total water usage of cdl's core operations in singapore and six key subsidiaries cubic meters table: water usage by company 2017-2021 company: cdl, 2017: 493,028, 2018: 343,430 , 2019: 387,035, 2020: 288,114, 2021: 292,667 company: cdlht, 2017: 514,207, 2018: 353,202, 2019: 299,647, 2020: 239,622 company: le grove, 2017: 11,638, 2018: 19,002, 2019: 19,728 company: tower club, 2017: 7,235, 2018: 7,692, 2019: 8,860, 2020: 5,685, 2021: 5,268 company: m&c, 2017: 4,582,223, 2018: 4,445,746, 2019: 4,441,932, 2020: 2,888,659, 2021: 3,004,369 table end.
figures for cdl have been restated to include water consumption from corporate office pantries.
notes: cbm and city serviced offices are not represented here as they are tenants within a building and do not have separate meters to track respective water usage within their facilities.
le grove serviced residences was closed for renovation from december 2016 to july 2018. waste management strategy and performance in land-scarce singapore, general waste is sent to the waste-to-energy incineration plant, where energy is generated.
the resulting incinerated ash is then transported to our only landfill, semakau island, for disposal.
with semakau landfill expected to be fully filled by 2035, singapore aims to achieve a 70% overall recycling rate by 2030 to curb waste generated.
cdl supports national efforts in recycling e-waste according to the national environment agency nea , more than 60,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of e-waste is produced yearly in singapore.
recycling prevents the release of hazardous substances, such as heavy metals found in electrical and electronic equipment, into our waste stream.
it also ensures that valuable resources are extracted through proper handling and treatment processes.
in 2021, cdl partnered with alba e-waste smart recycling to set up e-waste bins at city square mall and quayside isle, to collect regulated consumer electrical and electronic waste across singapore for proper treatment and recycling.
other cdl developments are being considered for pilot trials.
cdl's approach to waste management cdl engages nea-licensed vendors to collect, treat and recycle waste from our managed buildings and construction sites.
we target to reduce our waste intensity by 16% from 2016 levels for office and industrial buildings and 12% from 2016 levels for retail buildings by 2030. we also intend to cap the waste intensity from our construction sites at 40 kilograms/m² by 2030. we continuously invest, innovate, and adopt leading-edge technology such as prefabricated prefinished volumetric construction ppvc to significantly reduce construction waste.
as a real estate developer and asset manager, most of our waste is generated by our contractors and tenants.
generated waste from both construction sites and managed buildings are disposed of in accordance with local waste regulations.
lifecycle approach to waste management cdl remains steadfast in managing our waste efficiently and seeks to reduce, reuse, and recycle our waste across every stage of our project lifecycle.
adopting the waste management hierarchy approach, we focus on reducing waste at the source before considering reusing and recycling.
cdl generates negligible hazardous waste from our operations.
decarbonising towards net zero stage in project lifecycle : design , key waste management initiatives : adopt ppvc technology for large-scale residential developments 9 , benefits : reduce waste generation and pave the way for cleaner and safer construction sites stage in project lifecycle : construction , key waste management initiatives : adhere to cdl's construction and demolition waste policy since 2009 for the adoption of sustainable construction practices, benefits : increase use of sustainable products by contractors and improved recycling rates for construction waste stage in project lifecycle : operation of assets , key waste management initiatives : reuse furnishings in our show flats, wherever the design or theme permits, benefits : divert waste from landfill table end.
waste reduction performance in line with the principles of a circular economy, our holistic ehs management system framework ensures a regular review of our waste minimisation efforts and recycling initiatives across all our properties.
in 2021, general, non-hazardous waste generation remained consistent for corporate office and managed buildings, compared to 2020 due to the stabilisation of office and retail operations.
in the same year, about 551 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of recyclable waste were collected from our managed buildings, 95% of which was paper.
since 2017, we have engaged tenants across all managed buildings to participate in our paper recycling programme.
at our retail properties, recycling bins and facilities are provided to encourage the recycling of paper, plastic and metal by shoppers and tenants.
in 2021, city square mall reported a recycling rate of 26%, which is above the national recycling rate of 12% for large malls.
10 out of 514 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of recyclable waste, seven total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste were attributed to food waste composted.
in 2021, construction waste disposed of at all cdl active construction sites amounted to 6,914 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, with a waste intensity of 87.6kg/m². this is higher than waste intensities in 2020 due to the resumption of construction activities in 2021. notes: 9 the use of ppvc became mandatory for selected residential non-landed government land sale gls sites from 1 november 2014 onwards.
prior to this regulation, cdl voluntarily embarked on a pioneering effort to build singapore's first large-scale ppvc residential development the brownstone ec in early 2014, setting the benchmark and world record of engaging close to 4,100 modules that were prefabricated offsite and assembled on-site.
10 the latest publicly available recycling rate for large malls in singapore is 12% in 2020 as per nea reported findings from the 2021 mandatory waste reporting exercise.
decarbonising towards net zero waste disposed of and recycled for cdl's operations in singapore table: waste disposed and recycled tonnes year: 2017, cdl corporate office disposed : 3,796, cdl corporate office recycled : 17, cdl managed buildings disposed : 4,425, cdl managed buildings recycled : 15, cdl construction sites disposed : 1,345, cdl construction sites recycled : 7 year: 2018, cdl corporate office disposed : 4,425, cdl corporate office recycled : 17, cdl managed buildings disposed : 4,220, cdl managed buildings recycled : 14.4, cdl construction sites disposed : 2,808, cdl construction sites recycled : 2 year: 2019, cdl corporate office disposed : 3,031 , cdl corporate office recycled : 15.3, cdl managed buildings disposed : 3,929, cdl managed buildings recycled : 11.9, cdl construction sites disposed : 3,031 , cdl construction sites recycled : 30.2 year: 2020, cdl corporate office disposed : 5,160, cdl corporate office recycled : 12.6, cdl managed buildings disposed : 2,930, cdl managed buildings recycled : 33.3 , cdl construction sites disposed : 3,878 , cdl construction sites recycled : 59.1 year: 2021, cdl corporate office disposed : 6,914, cdl corporate office recycled : 551, cdl managed buildings disposed : 3,121, cdl managed buildings recycled : 87.6, cdl construction sites disposed : 3,796, cdl construction sites recycled : 58.8 table end.
a more accurate value of waste disposed for piermont grand was obtained.
hence, this value was adjusted to reflect the new total.
notes: waste generated is based on the weight of waste that cdl directs to recovery and disposal.
waste tonnage reported is based on information provided by engaged waste collectors and recyclers.
should information be unavailable, the tonnage of general and recyclable waste is estimated based on data extrapolation from one week of weighing, or as appropriate per operating conditions.
waste recycled for cdl corporate office is reported from 2019 onwards.
waste disposal figures for cdl managed buildings have been restated to remove corporate office waste disposal quantities as they are reported separately in this report.
of the recycled waste from cdl construction sites, 1% consists of recycled wood and 5% consists of recycled steel.
the remaining percentage consists of recycled mixed waste and recycled demolition waste.
waste disposed and waste disposal intensity of cdl's operations in singapore tonnes table: waste disposed and waste disposal intensity year: 2017, cdl corporate office disposed : 3.2, cdl corporate office intensity kilograms/m² : 17, cdl managed buildings disposed : 4,425, cdl managed buildings intensity kilograms/m² : 15, cdl construction sites disposed : 1,345, cdl construction sites intensity kilograms/m² : 7 year: 2018, cdl corporate office disposed : 3.0, cdl corporate office intensity kilograms/m² : 17, cdl managed buildings disposed : 4,220, cdl managed buildings intensity kilograms/m² : 14.4, cdl construction sites disposed : 2,808, cdl construction sites intensity kilograms/m² : 2 year: 2019, cdl corporate office disposed : 2.5, cdl corporate office intensity kilograms/m² : 15.3, cdl managed buildings disposed : 3,929, cdl managed buildings intensity kilograms/m² : 11.9, cdl construction sites disposed : 3,031 , cdl construction sites intensity kilograms/m² : 30.2 year: 2020, cdl corporate office disposed : 1.3, cdl corporate office intensity kilograms/m² : 12.6, cdl managed buildings disposed : 2,930, cdl managed buildings intensity kilograms/m² : 33.3 , cdl construction sites disposed : 3,878 , cdl construction sites intensity kilograms/m² : 59.1 year: 2021, cdl corporate office disposed : 0.5, cdl managed buildings disposed : 3,121, cdl managed buildings intensity kilograms/m² : 87.6, cdl construction sites disposed : 3,796, cdl construction sites intensity kilograms/m² : 58.8 table end.
notes: waste intensity figures for cdl active construction sites are for incinerated waste.
a more accurate value of waste disposed for piermont grand was obtained.
hence, this value was adjusted to reflect the new total.
minimising environmental impact on our communities cdl is dedicated to mitigating the impact of our developments on the environment and surrounding communities.
we are also committed to complying with all applicable ehs legal requirements enforced by local authorities, such as bca, nea, pub, the ministry of manpower mom and the singapore civil defence force scdf . through constant monitoring, evaluation and auditing of our iso 14001 and iso 45001-certified ehs management systems, cdl actively ensures that all our activities and operations comply with existing regulatory requirements.
managing water discharge at construction sites the discharge of wastewater into the public sewerage system and open drains, canals and rivers are strictly regulated by pub and nea.
to ensure that total dissolved solids tds and total suspended solids tss readings of the discharged water do not exceed the legal limit of 1,000 mg/litre and 50 mg/litre respectively¹¹, cdl works closely with all our contractors to track the quality of water discharged into public sewerage and drainage systems.
at all our construction sites, earth control measures ecm are implemented to prevent silt from polluting our waterways.
in the incidence of exceeded tss readings, prompt corrective actions are taken to rectify the issue.
cdl will continue to work with contractors to increase vigilance in the management of water discharge.
table: highest tss mg/litre year: 2017, tss mg/litre : 5,370 year: 2018, tss mg/litre : 112 year: 2019, tss mg/litre : 45 year: 2020, tss mg/litre : 49 year: 2021, tss mg/litre : 40 table end.
¹¹ allowable limits for trade effluent discharge water course for tss and controlled watercourse for tds by nea.
managing vector and pest control at construction sites recognising that construction sites could potentially become environments for mosquito breeding and rodent infestation, cdl works closely with our main contractors to ensure that effective systems are in place to prevent pests and curb dengue transmission amongst workers and residents around our worksites.
the iso 45001 occupational health and safety management system and cdl 5-star ehs assessment provide a risk management framework to identify and mitigate the risks associated with vector and pest control at construction sites.
in addition to ensuring that our contractors schedule and conduct regular housekeeping on-site, we require that they maintain comprehensive pest surveillance and control programmes.
we actively engage our contractors and their workers through awareness-building and educational talks to ensure effective vector control and minimise incurring fines for vector breeding.
managing impact on communities we provide avenues for the public to raise enquiries or feedback on ehs-related matters.
hotlines managed by our appointed main contractors are set up and made publicly available at all construction sites.
upon receiving ehs-related feedback such as noise or dust nuisance to the community, the site management will implement controls in the surrounding area to address the feedback and prevent further incidences.
incidents of non-compliance all instances of non-compliance to ehs regulatory requirements are taken into account by cdl.
in 2021, three environmental fines were imposed on our main contractors across seven construction sites.
all three fines were for performing construction activities above the noise limit.
one stop-work order was received from nea for mosquito breeding.
there was one fine issued to our managed properties in 2021 for mosquito breeding.
all issues were resolved immediately.
to prevent future occurrences of non-compliance, we have reviewed and streamlined our current processes to improve and tighten our ehs practices.
since 2001, the cdl 5-star ehs assessment system—an independent audit tool to assess, measure, and improve the main contractors’ ehs management and performance—was put in place to ensure a comprehensive, audited, and appraised approach to manage and mitigate ehs risks.
details of the cdl 5-star ehs assessment system can be found . table: ehs-related fines year: 2017, no.
of fines - cdl managed properties: 2, no.
of fines - cdl construction sites: 10, value of fines s$ : 22,400 year: 2018, no.
of fines - cdl managed properties: 2, no.
of fines - cdl construction sites: 5, value of fines s$ : 21,100 year: 2019, no.
of fines - cdl managed properties: 2, no.
of fines - cdl construction sites: 8, value of fines s$ : 48,000 year: 2020, no.
of fines - cdl managed properties: 1, no.
of fines - cdl construction sites: 4, value of fines s$ : 25,200 year: 2021, no.
of fines - cdl managed properties: 1, no.
of fines - cdl construction sites: 3, value of fines s$ : 73,500 table end.
note: fines valued in 2020 were updated to accurately account for the fines issued according to the date of the official notice of composition letter.
decarbonising towards net zero achieving a resilient supply chain and sustainable sourcing in a constantly shifting environment fraught with challenges presented by the pandemic and climate change, building resilience into the supply chain is key.
supply chain risk management and robust systems and processes are essential to prepare any business for disruptions that threaten to weaken supply chain capability.
to reduce the overall environmental impact of our projects and managed buildings, cdl proactively influences and engages key stakeholders in our value chain to embrace safe and environmentally-friendly designs, as well as best operational practices throughout the lifecycle of our developments.
we establish clear procurement guidelines and specifications for our vendors, such as using only sustainable and non-toxic building materials.
for cdl's robust efforts in working with our supplier network to address climate change, we were the only real estate company in southeast asia and only singapore company to be awarded the 2021 cdp supplier engagement leader for the second consecutive year.
this recognition places cdl amongst the top 8% of companies assessed by cdp for supplier engagement on climate change.
supply chain and supplier risk analysis for many businesses worldwide, scope 3 emissions can account for more than 70% of their carbon footprint.
12 measuring and managing these emissions can motivate a company to choose more sustainable suppliers, improve the energy efficiency of its products, and rethink its sourcing and distribution network — measures that can significantly reduce the overall climate impact.
in 2021, close to 100 management and operation staff of cdl group attended a virtual corporate sustainability workshop on supply chain risks and climate risks conducted by external consultants.
the workshop shared findings from two major studies that cdl had completed in 2020 — the supply chain segmentation study and the second climate change scenario analysis for a 1.5°c warmer scenario.
during the workshop, we discussed topics like migrant and forced labour risks, and raw material sourcing risks, in alignment with international best practices in the construction industry.
in the supply chain segmentation study, environmental and social risks, such as embodied carbon intensity and forced labour, were assessed for cdl's top 100 suppliers and top five building materials procured for our developments.
the study helped to strengthen our understanding of potential risk hotspots within the supply chain and improved our supply chain strategy.
there was no significant change in our supply chain in 2021, as such the findings for the study remain relevant.
separately, the climate change scenario analysis identified and assessed physical and transition risks and opportunities as a result of climate change, based on a projected 1.5°c warmer scenario in 2030. more information can be found in the cdl integrated sustainability report 2021. through the cdl 5-star ehs seminar conducted in 2021, we extended learnings from the supply chain segmentation study to more than 90 internal and external stakeholders.
the training covered supply chain risks and opportunities, suppliers' risk scores, and possible impacts from covid-19.
procurement of sustainable materials for more than a decade, cdl has been implementing sustainable procurement guidelines that set clear specifications for responsible sourcing along our supply chain.
this includes the responsible procurement guidelines 13 since 2008, and the green procurement guidelines for property developments since 2009. in line with our corporate ehs policy introduced in 2003, these guidelines encourage the use of eco-friendly and recycled materials that have been certified by approved local certification bodies, such as singapore green building council sgbc and singapore environment council sec . in 2021, we updated our 3s green building framework to align with the latest bca green mark 2021, an internationally recognised green building certification scheme, to stay focused on advancing our commitment to sustainability.
the revised framework also includes net-zero targets such as embodied carbon management, to guide our stakeholders to adopt sustainable building practices such as low embodied carbon materials.
our green procurement guidelines also indicate our preference for iso 14001, ohsas 18001, iso 45001, and bizsafe level 3 certified vendors.
in key operations like property development and asset management, major suppliers and builders must meet the ehs pre-qualification criteria.
all suppliers are required to sign a supplier code of conduct, which provides comprehensive guiding principles for our vendors and suppliers to comply with cdl's expectations, including environment, health, safety, and ethical employment.
notes: 12 greenhouse gas protocol, 4 april 2016. 13 renamed from green procurement guidelines in 2020. decarbonising towards net zero we have established a target to ensure 100% of appointed suppliers are certified by recognised ehs standards by 2030. in 2021, 100% of our main contractors and key consultants for property development obtained recognised ehs certifications.
before awarding development project contracts, cdl reviews and evaluates the ehs culture and track record of potential suppliers and contractors.
in 2021, 93% of suppliers appointed by the asset management division were certified by recognised ehs standards.
going forward, we will review our targets and deepen supplier engagement to progressively enhance our supply chain.
embodied carbon emissions from construction materials embodied carbon refers to the carbon dioxide equivalent or greenhouse gas emissions associated with the non-operational phase of a building and has become an increasingly important area for the built environment sector to address.
it includes emissions caused by extraction, manufacturing, transportation, assembly, maintenance, replacement, deconstruction, disposal and end-of-life aspects of the materials and systems that make up a building.
the manufacturing of construction materials such as steel, cement and glass contribute to 10% of the building and construction industry's global energy related $co 2$ emissions.
a universal whole life carbon assessment will be key to accelerate the achievement of net-zero emissions across the entire built environment lifecycle.
as part of our renewed sbti-validated greenhouse gas reduction targets, cdl has committed to reduce the embodied carbon of our building materials by 41%, instead of their conventional equivalents, by 2030. furthermore, we anticipate carbon-intensive construction materials, such as steel and cement, to become increasingly costly.
we also monitor and report the embodied carbon performance of our projects against our adopted targets.
this enhances cdl's supply chain management and encourages the use of low-carbon alternatives.
an interim 2021 target of a 7% reduction in embodied carbon of building materials compared to their conventional equivalents was set for all new projects awarded since 2018. several projects are expected to obtain top by 2022. we track the performance of these projects against the current interim target, and raise the next interim target where necessary to map our phased progress towards the 2030 sbti-validated target of 41% reduction.
managing impact of top building materials globally, cement manufacturing and steel production are responsible for around 7% and 7% to 9% of global carbon emissions, respectively.
hence, it is vital to reduce the use of these materials.
at cdl, we apply a circular economy approach to materials used for our development projects.
to close the waste loop, we use recycled construction materials, such as recycled steel and concrete, wherever applicable.
on top of this, we encourage the use of alternative low-carbon materials at our sites.
we are also constantly on the lookout for innovative building materials and methods to facilitate the transition to net-zero.
table: initiatives and benefits by material type materials: concrete including granite, cement and fine aggregate , initiatives: use sgbc or sec-certified materials such as low-carbon and recycled concrete use recycled concrete aggregates and washed copper slag from approved sources to replace coarse and fine aggregates for concrete production use ppvc where possible, benefits: promote environmental conservation reduce consumption of raw materials materials: steel , initiatives: use recycled steel in projects for reinforcement works where possible, benefits: reduce consumption of raw materials table end.
notes: these refer to suppliers appointed by am, and main contractors and key consultants architects, civil & structural engineers, mechanical & electrical engineers appointed by pd.
of the new suppliers appointed in 2021, 88% were certified by recognised health and safety standards e.grams. iso 45001, ohsas 18001, and minimum bizsafe level 3 certificates , and 17% were certified by recognised environmental standards e.grams. iso 14001 . 2021 global status report for buildings and construction: towards a zero-emission, efficient and resilient buildings and construction sector.
united nations environment programme, 19 october 2021. based on the lifecycle of cdl's project developments, embodied carbon data for building materials is only available upon top attainment.
global cement and concrete industry announces roadmap to achieve groundbreaking 'net zero' co2 emissions by 2050. global cement and concrete association, 12 october 2021. net zero steel: sector transition strategy.
mission possible partnership, 19 october 2021. cdl's top five building materials tonnes table: top five building materials by year material: granite, 2017: 138,312, 2018: 67,396, 2019: 77,854, 2020: 77,885, 2021: 71,214 material: fine aggregate sand , 2017: 87,557, 2018: 52,867, 2019: 58,846, 2020: 58,921, 2021: 53,046 material: cement, 2017: 54,131, 2018: 23,738, 2019: 20,674, 2020: 21,410, 2021: 18,289 material: steel, 2017: 18,007, 2018: 11,306, 2019: 12,823, 2020: 12,548, 2021: 13,028 material: ceramic tiles, 2017: 2,799, 2018: 1,452, 2019: 2,227, 2020: 2,160, 2021: 2,086 table end.
notes: top building materials for 2021 pertain to seven project sites that were still under development; hence, figures reported were based on the project design stage.
figures have been restated to more accurately capture the building materials utilized in the year, instead of the previously used method of reporting the top five building materials for the projects that achieved top in the respective years.
embodied carbon footprint for projects operating in 2021 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² table: embodied carbon footprint by project project name: amber park, embodied carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² : 0.74 project name: irwell hill residences, embodied carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² : 0.99 project name: haus on handy, embodied carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² : 0.69 project name: boulevard 88 and the singapore edition hotel, embodied carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² : 0.73 project name: piermont grand, embodied carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² : 0.48 project name: the tapestry, embodied carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² : 0.70 project name: whistler grand, embodied carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/m² : 0.62 table end.
notes: embodied carbon intensity for 2021 pertains to six project sites that were under development; hence, figures reported were based on the project design stage.
the tapestry achieved top in 2021, and the figure has been amended from 0.66 to 0.70 to reflect the actual embodied carbon intensity.
decarbonising towards net zero protecting biodiversity and natural habitats loss of biodiversity is one of the top risks on the world economic forum global risks report in both 2021 and 2022 20 . cdl has remained steadfast in upholding our longstanding commitment to minimising and mitigating the impact of our developments on natural habitats and protecting wildlife biodiversity.
with the increasing international consensus that climate and biodiversity issues should be tackled together, cdl supports the national and international advocacy for nature-based solutions nbs 21 . our future value 2030 sustainability blueprint, which is aligned with the un sdgs, includes goal 15: life on land.
all land use in singapore is controlled and allocated by the urban redevelopment authority ura , which harmonises quality living, development, and the sustainability of our existing green landscape.
cdl's development projects are housed within the land allocated by ura and hence, none of our projects are located in protected areas.
further, cdl ensures that our constructed buildings maximise the gfa allowed by regulators in accordance with the plot ratio assigned to the land parcel, for allocated land to be well-utilised.
since 2010, cdl has been voluntarily conducting biodiversity impact assessments bia on greenfield sites before construction where applicable.
bia determines if any plant or animal of national conservation importance exists at the intended development site.
environmental mitigation measures are undertaken, where necessary.
in 2020, cdl pushed the envelope by introducing a dedicated biodiversity policy to promote biodiversity protection and urban greenery across our operations.
the policy complements singapore's "city in nature" vision and takes reference from national frameworks, such as the biodiversity impact assessment bia guidelines introduced by ura and nparks in october 2020. in 2021, there were no sites located within or adjacent to protected areas.
hence, no material biodiversity risk was identified.
besides bia, cdl piloted an environmental impact assessment eia study for our forest woods residential development in 2016. based on this pilot, cdl is exploring possibilities of future applications at our developments.
urban greenery and landscaping are hallmarks of cdl's developments.
all new residential developments by cdl devote significantly more site area to landscaping than mandatory softscape requirements 22 and communal facilities.
for example, at irwell hill residences, 74% of the site area is dedicated to facilities, lifestyle space and landscaping.
the condominium features lush, landscaped grounds, roof gardens, sky terraces, and a huge lawn with four heritage rain trees.
cdl developments recognised for outstanding greenery in 2021, three of cdl's development sites, coco palms, forest woods and the tapestry, were recognised under the nparks landscape excellence assessment framework leaf certification scheme.
the certification acknowledges excellence in the efforts of developers, landscape architects, architects, contractors and maintenance agents in creating high-quality urban landscapes which contribute to singapore's journey of becoming a city in nature.
it also celebrates good landscape design, construction and management of parks and development projects.
notes: 20 global risks report 2022. world economic forum, 11 january 2022. 21 the iucn global standard on nbs defines nbs as "actions to protect, sustainably manage and restore natural or modified ecosystems that address societal challenges effectively and adaptively, simultaneously providing human well-being and biodiversity benefits".
22 updates to the landscaping for urban spaces and high-rises lush programme.
lush 3.0. urban redevelopment authority, 9 november 2017. determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment organisational capital activities: corporate governance, outputs: zero corruption/fraud/money laundering, value created: ethical business practices and workforce, contributing to sdgs: activities: corporate policies and guidelines, outputs: zero breach and loss of customer data, value created: trust from stakeholders, contributing to sdgs: activities: whistle-blowing procedure, value created: robust control systems activities: cybersecurity table end.
human capital activities: wsh management system, outputs: zero fatality, value created: clean and safe spaces for building occupants and employees, contributing to sdgs: activities: cdl 5-star ehs assessment system, outputs: zero occupational disease, value created: responsible supply chain, contributing to sdgs: activities: employee health and wellbeing programmes, outputs: low injury rate, value created: future-ready workforce activities: healthy workplace ecosystem, outputs: gender diversity, value created: employee physical and mental wellness activities: safe management measures, outputs: age diversity activities: fair and competitive remuneration, outputs: racial and disability inclusion activities: equal opportunity recruitment policy, outputs: employee retention activities: diversity and inclusion task force activities: women empowerment activities: employee engagement activities: training and development table end.
note: the image includes logos for sdgs 8 and 16 in the organisational capital section and sdgs 4 and 5 in the human capital section.
these are represented by image placeholders above.
corporate governance cdl's corporate policies and esg commitments have built a strong foundation for corporate governance.
their dedication to business integrity and fair practices maintains a high level of trust and confidence from stakeholders.
they believe in creating a sustainable and equitable future by focusing on both their buildings and forming a cohesive and inclusive workforce.
in 2021, cdl was ranked favorably in the singapore governance and transparency index sgti 2021, ranking 4th amongst listed companies.
the sgti assesses companies on their corporate governance disclosure and practices, as well as the timeliness, accessibility, and transparency of their financial results.
for the full corporate governance report, refer to the cdl annual report 2021. board diversity in december 2021, sgx announced new requirements for listed companies to provide climate-related disclosures based on tcfd recommendations.
issuers are required to set a board diversity policy from 2022, providing details such as diversity targets, plans, timelines, and progress in their annual reports.
since august 2015, cdl's board has supported the board diversity pledge initiated by the singapore institute of directors sid and sgx.
in 2017, the board-level nominating committee adopted a formal board diversity policy, promoting diversity on cdl's board.
as of end-2021, cdl had one female director 12.5% – ms carol fong – out of eight directors.
with the appointment of mrs. wong ai ai in january 2022, board diversity increased to 22%.
the board believes unequivocally that board diversity is vital for the long-term success of a company.
cdl supports the board diversity pledge, promoting diversity as a key attribute of a well-functioning and effective board.
a diverse board enhances decision-making by harnessing a variety of skills, industry and business experiences, gender, age, ethnicity and culture, geographical background, nationalities, tenure of service, and other distinguishing qualities of its members.
business ethics and compliance the board and senior management remain steadfast in conducting business with integrity, consistent with high standards of business ethics and compliance with all applicable laws and regulatory requirements.
in 2021, cdl had no incidents of non-compliance with socio-economic laws and regulations, including legal requirements of marketing and advertising practices.
significant non-compliance is defined as matters that have a material impact financial or otherwise on cdl and its stakeholders.
there were also zero incidents of anti-competitive behavior or monopolistic practices within cdl.
cdl's business principles and practices regarding ethical implications are encapsulated in the cdl code of business conduct and ethics.
this communicates principles such as honesty, integrity, responsibility, and accountability at all organizational levels.
staff are to observe these principles when conducting official business with customers, suppliers, and colleagues.
the code is published on the staff intranet.
the code provides guidance on: conflicts of interest and appropriate disclosures cdl's zero-tolerance stance against corruption and bribery compliance with applicable laws and regulations including environmental protection and conservation of energy and natural resources compliance with cdl's policies and procedures including internal controls and accounting protection and use of cdl's assets, confidential information, and intellectual property rights including third-party rights competition and fair dealing in the conduct of cdl's business and staff relationships with customers, suppliers, competitors, and employees.
implemented in 2020, the cdl conflict of interest guidelines aim to prevent unjustified vendor appointments and reduce unethical suggestions from employees due to their relationships with external vendors.
accessible on the staff intranet, it provides guidance on identifying any deemed interest with a current or prospective vendor.
in the event of a conflict of interest, a staff declaration is mandatory, and staff must abstain from business dealings with the identified vendor.
corporate policies and guidelines cdl corporate policies provide guiding principles on business conduct and ethics that all employees and stakeholders across our value chain should practice to support cdl's commitment to sustainability.
the corporate policies and guidelines are publicly available on the corporate website www.cdl.com.sg , dedicated sustainability microsite www.cdlsustainability.com , and staff intranet.
relevant policies are disseminated to employees of cdl's key subsidiaries and supply chain where applicable.
for employees in subsidiaries outside of singapore, the policies are translated into the required local languages.
board policies board diversity policy corporate policies anti-corruption, fraud, and competition policies investor relations policy personal data policy whistle-blowing policy sustainability policies biodiversity policy climate change policy environmental, health, and safety ehs policy green building policy human rights policy supplier code of conduct sustainable investment principles board oversight for good corporate governance, all corporate policies are reviewed and approved by the board of directors, relevant board committees, and senior management.
new directors are provided with an onboarding e-manual that includes all corporate policies for their knowledge and compliance.
through cdl's quarterly risk reports, the board-level audit & risk committee arc is kept informed about major corruption cases within the group's operating units around the world.
whistle-blowing procedure employees and business partners can seek advice and raise concerns in confidence about possible improprieties relating to accounting, financial reporting, internal controls, and auditing matters or other matters to the cdl ethics officer through a dedicated email account, toll-free numbers, or by mail regarding violations of business ethics, serious breaches of group policies, fraud, corruption, collusion with suppliers/contractors, and/or conflicts of interest.
toll-free lines for callers from singapore, china, thailand, the uk, and the us are also available.
the reporting channels are published on the corporate website and staff intranet.
the arc has overall authority and oversight of the whistleblowing policy, which is administered with the assistance of the head of internal audit.
procedures are in place for independent investigation and for appropriate follow-up actions.
any improprieties involving the head of internal audit also the cdl ethics officer may be reported to the chairman of the arc.
as of 31 december 2021, there were zero incidents of corruption, fraud, and money laundering activity across cdl's business operations wholly-owned and directly managed by cdl's headquarters in singapore.
whistleblowing reporting channels table: whistleblowing contact information location: singapore, telephone number: 1-800-226-1706, email: cdl.whistleblowing@cdl.com.sg, mail: cdl ethics officer, 9 raffles place, 12-01, republic plaza, singapore 048619 location: china, telephone number: 400-120-2930 location: thailand, telephone number: 001-800-658-293 location: uk, telephone number: 0800-404-9732 location: usa, telephone number: 1-833-795-0114 table end.
data privacy information security materials are made available to better educate stakeholders on prevailing risks, especially in the handling of sensitive corporate data.
since 2014, a data privacy policy has been implemented which informs stakeholders on how cdl manages personal data in compliance with the singapore personal data protection act no.
26 of 2012 . customers and business partners can contact the data protection officer by mail, email, and phone on matters concerning their personal data with cdl.
the data privacy policy is available to the public on the corporate website.
cdl's social media guidelines cdl's social media guidelines advocate employees' responsibility on the use of social media, including taking precautions for the protection of information privacy.
determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment in 2021, there were no substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy, theft, leak, and loss of customer data or critical information.
external engagement and due diligence with the anti-money laundering and counter financing of terrorism policy introduced in july 2016 to our employees in frontline sales and compliance job functions, we worked on aligning our policies and guidelines with the external marketing agents for cdl's properties.
this ensures that our business is reasonably guarded against the risk of property transactions being used to finance terrorism or launder illicit funds.
as part of our due diligence, all direct suppliers of cdl's core operations in property development and asset management are required to endorse their acceptance of and compliance with the ethical standards as outlined in our supplier code of conduct.
cybersecurity with cyber-attacks becoming more prevalent, targeted, and complex, we are adopting industry best practices and moving beyond technology defense towards a more holistic and risk-based cybersecurity framework.
the objective is to establish a robust foundation to identify and protect our critical assets and more importantly, be able to detect and respond to threats.
using proven security solutions, we ensure sensitive data is encrypted to safeguard critical information.
data recovery strategies and measures, such as data backup, are in place to minimize downtime and ensure critical information can be made available quickly for business continuity.
cdl established a cybersecurity framework in 2020 to detect, protect against and respond to cyber-attacks and crimes, and the cdl computer security policies and standards were updated in 2021 on cybersecurity compliance.
besides embracing the next generation anti-virus software, advanced email security protection solution, enterprise-class firewalls and intrusion protection system to protect our information assets, our information technology it department has also deployed the user behavior analytical solution to enable the identification of abnormal user computing behaviours or activities.
at the same time, we have also rolled out an endpoint and network detection and response solution to enable the detection and containment of advanced persistence cybersecurity attack threats.
cdl also recently migrated our backup system to a ransomware immutable backup platform to guard against the heightened global ransomware attacks.
cdl has also engaged a reputable managed security operation center msoc service provider to provide 24/7 security monitoring and incident response services.
to increase our employees' it security awareness and vigilance, a series of online cybersecurity trainings and periodic phishing attack simulations were conducted to increase our employees' it security awareness and vigilance.
employee training and communication annually, all our full- and part-time employees are required to complete a compulsory online declaration to acknowledge that they are aware of, have read, and are in compliance with cdl's corporate policies and guidelines before the start of the calendar year.
awareness bulletins are published on cdl's intranet for a quick refresher anytime on key elements of cdl's stance against corruption.
fraud risk awareness training and assessments covering topics such as bribery and conflicts of interest were also conducted for selected front-line business units.
new hires, as part of their orientation programme, are required to learn about cdl's code of business conduct and ethics, as well as other related corporate policies including anti-corruption, fraud, competition, and whistleblowing.
they are also required to complete a self-paced, interactive e-learning module accessible for all employees as well that provides information and guidance to recognize, address, resolve, avoid, and prevent instances of corruption.
in 2021, 100% of our new hires were educated with anti-corruption knowledge.
to increase employees' vigilance against cybercrime, which is exacerbated by the adoption of online working environments and operations, data protection and cybersecurity awareness training sessions were conducted in 2021. human rights cdl has always upheld the fundamental principles of human and workplace rights in places where we operate.
since 2005, we have been a signatory to the united nations global compact ungc 's principles on human rights and labour, and are guided by international human rights principles as derived from the universal declaration of human rights and the international labour organisation's declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work.
determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment dedication to occupational health, safety and well-being in line with our corporate ehs policy, kpis are identified with targets established and reviewed annually to monitor our ehs performance.
this ensures that we consistently achieve a high ehs standard across the organization.
beyond caring for our employees, cdl also prioritizes the health and safety of our workers at our construction sites and managed buildings.
all workers at our construction sites and properties managed by cdl are protected under cdl’s stringent health and safety management policies and procedures.
regular inspection and work-at-height training at whistler grand quarterly dengue awareness campaign at whistler grand in 2021, cdl was the sole recipient of the workplace safety and health wsh developer award, organized by wsh council and supported by the ministry of manpower mom . it marks the 12th year that cdl has clinched this award, which acknowledges our role in ensuring good wsh practices with our contractors.
amber park and whistler grand also received the safety and health award recognition for projects sharp award in the same year, which recognizes large-scale projects or worksites that have good safety and health performance and wsh management systems.
cdl has also been recognized by the royal society for the prevention of accidents rospa with the order of distinction award for achieving 16 consecutive gold medal awards.
cdl continues to be recognized as a long-serving bizsafe mentor.
2 in 2021, we completed our surveillance audit and continue to be certified under the iso 45001 occupational health and safety management system standard.
we will continue to leverage industry best practices to ensure that occupational health and safety is maintained at their highest levels.
cdl’s approach to ehs risk management ehs working committee – all cdl employees are represented in the ehs working committee through their department representatives.
staff can highlight their concerns, including wsh issues, directly to the ehs team.
initiatives and activities planned by this committee are part of a continual process to ensure and promote the health, safety, and well-being of all employees.
the committee convenes at least once annually to discuss and review cdl’s approach to health and safety management.
ehs working committee members undergo risk management training to lead risk assessments for their respective operations.
they also attend refresher sessions periodically to keep abreast with new developments.
ehs organisational structure notes: 1. workers at our managed properties are contracted to provide maintenance, cleaning and security services.
2. bizsafe mentors are organizations that have demonstrated excellent wsh performance and leadership.
as a role model, a bizsafe mentor shares good practices and nurtures bizsafe enterprises in their wsh, guiding them as they progress in the programme.
hazard identification, risk assessment and risk control cdl conducts hazard identification, risk assessment and risk control exercises across our corporate office, and 100% of our managed buildings and construction sites, in line with iso 45001 management system requirements and local legislation.
the trained ehs working committee leads these exercises within their departments for routine and non-routine activities, and also conducts cross-departmental reviews.
in consultation with the ehs department, members recommend risk mitigation methods commensurate with a hierarchy of controls, using a step-by-step guidance system for reducing or eliminating identified hazards.
employees conducting site visits and inspections are exposed to slip, trip and fall hazards.
to improve safety, cdl adopts industry best practices such as regular risk assessment reviews.
responding to incidents apart from periodic reviews, organizational changes, incidents, or employee feedback trigger ad-hoc reviews of risk controls.
cdl has established an incident investigation and reporting procedure to promptly respond to health and safety incidents.
when employees raise incident reports, an experienced group of personnel investigates to determine the root cause and identify corrective and preventive actions.
employees are actively reminded not to engage in unsafe work and to report any unsafe working conditions.
training cdl's ehs team organizes wsh awareness workshops and trainings annually to raise awareness of occupational health and safety issues.
topics covered include health and safety-related trends, legislative requirements, and reporting of incidents and safety issues on- and off-the-job.
a wsh culturesafe training was conducted in march 2021 to promote a total wsh mindset.
about 190 employees learned about the wsh culturesafe programme, best practices in wsh culture, and wsh-related trends.
this is part of cdl's educational efforts to inculcate a holistic safety mindset.
real-life incidents are used as case studies, and employees receive quarterly reminders on relevant health and safety topics during wfh arrangements.
total workplace safety and health wsh at corporate office cdl places occupational safety and health at the forefront of all business processes.
since 2003, cdl has maintained its ohsas 18001 certification migrated to iso 45001 in march 2020 , demonstrating commitment to a holistic occupational health and safety management system covering 100% of singapore key operations.
safety performance corporate office table: safety performance data - corporate office category: injuries, female: 0, male: 0, working hours: 761,714, major ir vs. national average of 17.4 : 0, minor ir vs. national average of 365 : 0 category: ltifr, female: 0 table end.
notes: national average figures are based on the 12-month rolling national average figures up till june 2021. ltifr: lost-time injury frequency rate number of lost-time injuries per million manhours worked . major ir: major injury rate number of major workplace injuries per 100,000 persons employed . minor ir: minor injury rate number of minor workplace injuries per 100,000 persons employed . footnotes: 3. ohs management system standard was revised in march 2018. the publication of iso 45001:2018 has since replaced ohsas 18001. 4. 100% of key operations corporate management, property and facilities management and project management services are covered under our health and safety management system.
determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment in 2021, there was no fatality, high-consequence injury, major and minor injury or occupational disease involving our employees at our corporate office.
a high-consequence injury is a work-related injury that results in a fatality or in an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status within six months.
there was no reportable injury 6 that occurred within the cdl corporate office premises.
cdl proactively tracks and takes accountability for reportable incidents to help raise awareness on the importance of a safe and healthy workplace.
in 2021, we continued to promote a holistic safety culture among our employees.
staff were encouraged to share feedback, near-misses and other issues related to health and safety with our ehs committee.
total wsh at managed properties facilities management and maintenance are vital in delivering prompt and reliable services to our tenants, customers and building users.
this impacts the operational efficiency of our managed assets, which contributes to our bottom line.
as such, we place great emphasis on guiding our facility managers and contractors to uphold safe, healthy and productive work environments for workers in our managed buildings.
tenants are also engaged to provide feedback on unsafe conditions, which are addressed promptly.
additionally, cdl engages our contracted workers through monthly meetings to develop solutions that mitigate wsh risks.
safety performance managed properties table: safety performance data 2021 category: female injuries, value: 3 category: male injuries, value: 2 category: working hours, value: 739,864 category: ltifr, value: 6.76, national average: 17.4 category: major ir, value: 0 category: minor ir, value: 604, national average: 365 table end.
cdl has always prioritised risk management at our managed properties using a robust risk assessment system, led by our trained personnel in operational risk management.
for every facility management assignment in our properties, suppliers are required to perform risk assessments to mitigate safety risks, such as falling from heights that may result in bodily injury or even fatality.
one key training in managing this hazard is the ‘working at height course’, which is mandatory for supervisors and workers.
in 2021, there was no fatality, high-consequence injury, major injury and occupational disease involving the workers of our key contractors 7 at cdl-managed properties.
there were five reportable injuries, which were classified to be minor or less.
these were sustained by our contractors’ workers and resulted in a loss of 102 man-days.
we have identified the root causes of these injuries e.grams. cuts, irritation and implemented corrective actions immediately to prevent a recurrence.
learnings from all incidents were actively shared with the respective managers, ehs working committees and contractors.
we are also working closely with the contractors to strengthen the risk control measures of their daily operational activities.
total wsh at construction sites cdl prioritises our workers’ health and safety through the enforcement of policies and practices.
measures to manage and minimise high-risk activities include: robust risk controls, such as fall prevention plans and regular personnel protective equipment inspections frequent briefings on dengue, fatigue, heat stress, hearing conservation and respiratory protection regular on-site inspections for health and safety risks for close to two decades, as part of the tender shortlisting process, we require all our builders to have an accredited health and safety management system, such as ohsas 18001/iso 45001 or at least bizsafe level 3 certification.
footnotes: 5 for the definition of major and minor ir, please refer to mom's website.
6 reportable incident refers to a work-related accident, workplace accident, dangerous occurrence and occupational disease that require statutory reporting to mom, as mandated by the singapore workplace safety and health act.
7 key contractors in our managed properties provide cleaning, security services and mechanical and engineering support.
working hours of training per employee disclosed covers cdl employees and workers of key contractors only.
determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment we also actively engage our business partners on health and safety matters through risk reviews, covering the whole lifecycle starting from pre-construction to top attainment.
cdl uses a customized ehs risk register for each project to identify and mitigate ehs issues right from the design stage.
as part of our ehs policy and project development green procurement guideline, we actively review the type of construction materials and methods to be adopted to minimize ehs risks.
each construction site has a dedicated workplace ehs committee, representing all workers on-site, including members from the main contractor's management, construction workers and sub-contractors.
cdl's project managers regularly track workplace ehs issues at meetings conducted on-site with our main contractors and workers' representatives, amongst others.
through this, we maintain close oversight of issues on-site, ranging from technical challenges to workers' welfare.
these meetings serve as a platform for site coordinators to report unsafe work conditions and propose risk mitigation action plans.
some of our sites further incentivize workers to identify and report risk, to raise overall safety awareness.
for every project development, a monthly joint safety inspection is carried out in the presence of the main contractor, sub-contractors, and site staff representing cdl and our consultants.
the inspection highlights safety infringements and promotes better work conditions.
since 2001, on top of regulatory mandated audits, cdl also monitors the performance of the main contractor's ehs management through our cdl 5-star ehs assessment.
going smart with site inspections in 2021, cdl collaborated with our main contractor woh hup, to devise a virtual tour system for quality control unit qcu inspections during construction stage.
this helps to improve the safety of site personnel, contractors and subcontractors involved in the project.
it utilizes the insta 360 camera to take photos of the location and a virtual tour application to create 360° walkthroughs.
this innovation allows qcu inspections to be conducted virtually, increasing productivity despite disruptions caused by covid-19.
in 2021, an average of 2,110 construction workers worked at our developments.
across our seven active construction sites throughout the 12-month period in 2021, an average of 26.7 workers were involved in every 1,000 m² of built area.
there was no fatality, high-consequence injury and occupational disease at cdl's construction sites.
there was one major injury case and three minor injury cases e.grams., injuries from falls and striking against objects reported across our construction sites, which were addressed immediately with prompt identification of the root causes and corrective actions needed.
learnings from all incidents were shared with the respective managers, ehs working committees and contractors.
we are also working closely with the contractors to strengthen the risk control measures of their daily operational activities.
. 360 virtual tours made easy.
photo credit: kuula.co determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment as elaborated in our enhanced ehs policy in 2021, we will continue to work with contractors to ensure that dormitories and facilities are equipped with basic amenities and all necessary measures.
this is to provide safe, clean, healthy and dignified living and working conditions at on-site or off-site workers' housing, including commercial purpose-built dormitories and factory-converted dormitories.
safety performance construction sites injuries female: 0 male: 7 working hours: 7,604,770 ltifr: 0.92 major ir: 47 vs. national average of 17.4 minor ir: 142.2 vs. national average of 365 major injury rates at construction sites: table: major injury rates at construction sites year: 2017, cdl: 0, industry average: 28.3 year: 2018, cdl: 0, industry average: 22.9 year: 2019, cdl: 0, industry average: 29.7 year: 2020, cdl: 17.9, industry average: 0 year: 2021, cdl: 23.5 , industry average: 0 table end.
\ the average of the last three years was taken for 2021 as full-year 2021 data was not available at the point of publication.
minor injury rates at construction sites: table: minor injury rates at construction sites year: 2017, cdl: 46, industry average: 390 year: 2018, cdl: 120, industry average: 371 year: 2019, cdl: 52, industry average: 525 year: 2020, cdl: 135, industry average: 404 year: 2021, cdl: 142.2, industry average: 433 table end.
\ the average of the last three years was taken for 2021 as full-year 2021 data was not available at the point of publication.
cdl 5-star ehs assessment and awards the cdl 5-star ehs assessment and awards have been instrumental in influencing cdl's main contractors and consultants to monitor and improve their ehs performance.
since 2001, the cdl 5-star ehs assessment – an independent audit tool to assess, measure, and improve the main contractors' ehs management and performance – has been in place to ensure a comprehensive, audited, and appraised approach.
all cdl main contractors undergo quarterly ehs inspections and audits conducted by an independent audit firm recognised by mom, and are appraised on a scale of one to five stars.
results are then presented to the management and site supervisors of the contractors and project consultants during the quarterly cdl 5-star ehs seminars.
these seminars serve as an invaluable platform to promote sharing of best practices and peer learning, which encourages better ehs performance amongst our builders.
launched in 2005, the cdl 5-star ehs awards recognises main contractors who have excelled in the cdl 5-star ehs assessment during the reporting year.
the awards comprise the cdl ehs excellence award and the cdl workers' welfare award, the latter of which was introduced in 2012. the safe worker award was launched in 2014 to recognise exemplary workers who are role models for safe work practices and inspire their colleagues to be more vigilant.
in 2021, the cdl 5-star ehs awards ceremony was held virtually, with six out of six development projects achieving the highest five-star ratings.
notes: there were seven active development projects in 2021. the cdl 5-star ehs awards did not cover the tapestry as it had completed construction and obtained top in february 2021. human capital and development the covid-19 pandemic fundamentally shifted working environments.
the normalization of remote work impacted how the workforce communicates, connects, and delivers.
new opportunities for digital transformation and collaborative methods sharpened the competitive advantage of driving engagement and achieving organizational agility.
for cdl, maintaining alignment and driving teamwork and development across online and offline work environments are key priorities.
through a three-pronged approach of developing, engaging, and caring for employees, they are committed to driving productivity, employee satisfaction, and talent retention for organizational excellence.
in 2021, cdl received the human resources director 5-star employer of choice award for achievements across leadership, learning and development, well-being, and diversity and inclusion.
they were also awarded one of the “best companies to work for in asia” by hr asia magazine in 2021. cdl's recruitment process adheres to strict guidelines on non-discrimination and fairness, regardless of gender, ethnicity, religion, or age.
beyond providing jobs and caring for direct employees through comprehensive benefits schemes, they invest significantly in training to upskill employees.
their last employee engagement survey conducted biennially was held in 2020. the 2020 engagement score was 79%, 7% above the singapore norm.
the next survey will be carried out in 2022. unless specified, this section on human capital and development covers the cdl corporate office in singapore only.
job creation and employment cdl adheres to the tripartite guidelines on managing excess manpower issued by mom and its tripartite partners singapore national employers federation and the national trades union congress . they support and share a similar philosophy, strongly encouraging companies to manage excess manpower and consider reorganisation as a last resort.
the guidelines also suggest providing company retraining programs for workers, redeployment to alternative areas of work, implementing shorter work weeks, temporary layoffs, flexible work arrangements, and managing wage costs through a flexible wage system.
in the past five years, there has been no major reorganisation resulting in job loss.
despite business challenges from covid-19, cdl did not undertake any major reorganisation or retrenchment, preserving employee livelihoods.
in the event of termination or employee resignation, a minimum notice period of one to three months is required, depending on the employee's job grade.
middle and senior management are required to provide a notice period of two and three months respectively.
our employees as of 31 december 2021, cdl hired a total of 408 employees for its operations headquartered in singapore, where most of its business in property development and asset management is based excluding hotel properties . close to 4% of employees were hired on a temporary basis with a tenure of more than one year.
in 2021, cdl had no employees with non-guaranteed hours of training per employee.
table: total number of employees year: 2017, total number of employees: 392 year: 2018, total number of employees: 400 year: 2019, total number of employees: 403 year: 2020, total number of employees: 415 year: 2021, total number of employees: 408 table end.
table: employee demographics - total employment age group: below 30 years old, female: 28 7% , male: 5 1% , total: 33 8% , percentage: 8% age group: 30-50 years old, female: 196 48% , male: 87 21% , total: 283 69% , percentage: 69% age group: above 50 years old, female: 57 14% , male: 35 9% , total: 92 23% , percentage: 23% age group: total , female: 281 , male: 127 , total: 408 , percentage: 100% table end.
. employee demographics chart determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment number of full-time employees female: 279 69% male: 127 31% total: 406 number of temporary employees female: 8 42% male: 11 58% total: 19 number of part-time employees female: 2 100% male: 0 0% total: 2 number of permanent employees female: 273 70% male: 116 30% total: 389 new hires cdl had 66 new hires in 2021, an increase in the number of new hires from 2020 by 8.2%. out of the new hires, 65 were replacements for existing positions and one was for a newly-created position.
employee demographics - new hires below 30 years old: female: 18 27% male: 3 5% total: 21 32% 30-50 years old: female: 26 39% male: 14 21% total: 40 60% above 50 years old: female: 3 5% male: 2 3% total: 5 8% employee retention our successful employee engagement is evident from our employees’ length of service.
the average tenure of our employees is about 8.7 years and more than 51% of our employees have been with cdl for more than five years.
our employee resignation rate of 14% continued to remain significantly lower than the national average of 19.2% in 2021. cdl experienced an involuntary turnover rate of about 4.7%, of which 1.7% is due to retirement.
employee resignation rate % table: employee resignation rate year: 2017, cdl: 17.3 year: 2018, cdl: 16.0, industry average: 22.0 year: 2019, cdl: 16.1, industry average: 21.6 year: 2020, cdl: 7.0, industry average: 18.6 year: 2021, cdl: 14.0 9 , industry average: 19.2 10 table end.
notes: 9. computation of annual employee turnover is based on cumulative monthly attrition rate derived from the number of resignations for the month divided by the headcount for the month.
10. extrapolated from mom's website as q4 2021 national resignation rate was not available at the time of publication.
employee demographics - resignations total: 57 female: 38 67% male: 19 33% below 30 years old: female 8 14% , male 3 5% , total 11 19% 30-50 years old: female 28 49% , male 16 28% , total 44 77% above 50 years old: female 2 4% , male 0 0% , total 2 4% diversity and inclusion with women making up a significant 69% of cdl's workforce, we have more females than males in both managerial and non-managerial roles.
as of end-2021, 47% of our heads of departments hods are females.
cdl has a diversified workforce across all age groups.
in 2021, 67% of recruits were millennials born in 1981 or later . about 44% of our current workforce now consists of millennials who inject new ideas, enthusiasm, and energy into our organisation.
employee involuntary turnover rate % table: employee involuntary turnover rate year: 2017, rate % : 4.3 year: 2018, rate % : 4.1 year: 2019, rate % : 3.8 year: 2020, rate % : 4.1 year: 2021, rate % : 4.7 table end.
employee demographics - involuntary turnover total: 19 female: 13 68% male: 6 32% below 30 years old: female 0 0% , male 0 0% , total 0 0% 30-50 years old: female 6 32% , male 4 21% , total 10 53% above 50 years old: female 7 36% , male 2 11% , total 9 47% gender of hods at cdl corporate office total: 32 female: 15 47% male: 17 53% below 30 years old: female 0 0% , male 0 0% , total 0 0% 30-50 years old: female 7 22% , male 10 31% , total 17 53% above 50 years old: female 8 25% , male 7 22% , total 15 47% 97% of our hods are singaporeans or permanent residents, hired from our local community.
employee demographics - managers total: 264 female: 171 65% male: 93 35% below 30 years old: female 8 3% , male 0 0% , total 8 3% 30-50 years old: female 126 48% , male 66 25% , total 192 73% above 50 years old: female 37 14% , male 27 10% , total 64 24% employee demographics - non-managers total: 144 female: 110 76% male: 34 24% below 30 years old: female 20 14% , male 5 3% , total 25 17% 30-50 years old: female 70 49% , male 21 15% , total 91 64% above 50 years old: female 20 14% , male 8 6% , total 28 20% note: the percentages do not add up to 100% due to rounding of decimals.
cdl diversity and inclusion task force cdl recognizes that creating and expanding opportunities for women are fundamental to cdl's sustainable growth and beneficial to society.
cdl's diversity and inclusion task force was established in 2017 to promote diversity and inclusion within our workplace and the wider community.
the task force is co-chaired by the sustainability and hr departments.
public commitment to women empowerment in 2017, our group ceo joined over 1,600 leaders globally in pledging cdl's support for the women's empowerment principles.
developed through a partnership between the un women and ungc, these principles offer practical guidance to the private sector on how to empower women in the workplace, marketplace, and community.
global recognition for gender equality since 2018, cdl's efforts in advancing gender diversity at the workplace have earned our inclusion in the bloomberg gender-equality index gei . cdl is one of five singapore companies listed in the 2022 index.
the index measures gender equality across five pillars: female leadership and talent pipeline, gender pay and equal pay parity, inclusive culture, sexual harassment policies, and pro-women brand.
racial and disability inclusion cdl embraces an inclusive workplace with a multi-racial workforce.
due to singapore's predominantly chinese population, our workforce comprises a larger percentage of chinese employees.
cdl also provides fair employment opportunities for the less physically-abled.
as of december 31, 2021, cdl had one wheelchair-bound employee who has been with the company for 13 years.
table: racial diversity group: chinese, count: 383, percentage: 94% group: other, count: 25, percentage: 6% group: total , count: 408, percentage: 100% table end.
anti-bullying and anti-harassment the cdl workplace anti-harassment and anti-bullying policy ensures all employees are treated with respect and dignity.
no employee shall be subject to any physical, psychological, verbal, or sexual abuse.
the policy also extends to dealing with incidents involving external customers and stakeholders.
performance-based appraisal and pay parity cdl's compensation and rewards policies are performance-based.
employees are assessed not only on their achievements but also on how the outcomes were achieved.
cdl acknowledges that a fair and inclusive workplace ensures employees are remunerated equally for the same role, regardless of gender.
note: in 2021, cdl had one incident of discrimination.
swift and thorough investigation and rectifications were taken to resolve the matter.
a compulsory workshop on professional workplace boundaries was launched in january 2021 for all staff.
determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment gender pay gap across employee categories employee category: executive, mean salary of female employees to male employees % 11 : 90% employee category: non-management, mean salary of female employees to male employees % 11 : 102% females were paid higher than males employee category: management, mean salary of female employees to male employees % 11 : 89% table end.
pay and bonus gap pay and bonus gap: mean gender pay gap, female to male staff compensation ratio % 12 : 73% pay and bonus gap: median gender pay gap, female to male staff compensation ratio % 12 : 79% pay and bonus gap: mean bonus gap, female to male staff compensation ratio % 12 : 83% pay and bonus gap: median bonus gap, female to male staff compensation ratio % 12 : 89% table end.
competitive remuneration remuneration is recommended by the hr department and approved by the remuneration committee, which comprises members from the cdl board of directors.
salary benchmarks against market surveys are conducted to ensure the relevancy of cdl's salaries with the industry and overall market.
on a biennial basis, an external consultancy firm is engaged to conduct an employee engagement survey to gather employees' opinions and feedback, including their perception of cdl's remuneration and reward system.
esg-linked remuneration the inclusion of relevant esg issues within executive management goals and incentive schemes is an important factor in promoting greater recognition of and accountability in our sustainability practices.
since 2015, cdl has established stronger linkages between employee and executive remuneration and our esg performance.
performance indicators that are aligned with global standards such as iso 26000, iso 14001, gri standards and sdgs have been incorporated in the individual goals-setting of all employees, including cdl's senior management.
in 2021, cdl stepped up on strengthening the links between our esg performance with the executive committee exco members' remuneration.
with hods reporting to the respective exco members, the esg kpis will cascade down to every level in our organization.
respect for collective bargaining rights cdl respects all employees' fundamental rights to freedom of association and the right to be members of trade unions.
although cdl is not a unionized company, we are guided by the industrial relations act which allows trade unions to represent our employees for collective bargaining, providing our employees with an avenue to seek redress for disputes.
our key subsidiaries millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c , cbm pte ltd and the tower club have staff who are trade union members, providing them with a channel for collective bargaining.
benefits and welfare we care for our employees through comprehensive welfare and benefits schemes, including, but not limited to, insurance coverage, medical and dental benefits for our full-time employees.
part-time employees also enjoy similar benefits on either a full or pro-rated basis, thereby promoting a conducive environment should employees decide to take on part-time arrangements to cope with their personal needs.
pro-family benefits we provide benefits and adopt welfare practices in line with the singapore government's pro-family legislation.
mothers and fathers whose children are singapore citizens at birth enjoy paid maternity leave of 16 weeks, as per legislation, and four weeks of paternity leave two weeks above legislation respectively.
cdl also provides eligible employees with childcare leave and extended childcare leave.
male employees are entitled to shared parental leave where they can choose to share up to four weeks of the 16 weeks of maternity leave, subject to the agreement of the mother, if the mother qualifies for government-paid maternity leave.
cdl also provides employees with family event leave of three days where employees may utilize the leave to care for their family members who are ill, attend family-related activities, celebrate one's birthday or to care for their pet.
in 2021, nine eligible female cdl employees utilized their maternity benefits and returned to work after their maternity leave.
eight eligible male employees utilized their paternity leave benefits.
78 cdl employees 31 male, 47 female with at least one singapore citizen child under the age of seven were each entitled to six days of paid childcare leave in 2021. in addition, 47 employees 18 male, 29 female with at least one singapore citizen child aged seven to 12 years were each entitled to two days of paid extended childcare leave.
notes: 11 calculated as the mean salary of female staff over the mean salary of male staff.
executives: executives to assistant vice presidents, and secretaries; non-management: officer grades and below; management: vice presidents and above.
12 calculated using bonus earned in fy2020 and received in fy2021.
computation of fy2021's bonus will only be available in h1 2022. determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment supporting employees’ health and wellness distribution of washable and reusable face masks, hand sanitizers, and disinfection wipes to staff advising unwell staff to visit the doctor and remain at home older employees, pregnant employees, and employees with underlying medical conditions are encouraged to work from home wfh as far as possible frequent email reminders on observing good personal hygiene at home and work, maintaining healthy eating and exercise habits employees who require emotional support can tap on cdl’s employee assistance programme eap , which provides support for issues concerning work, family matters, and interpersonal relationships.
employees can be assured of confidentiality when they call the eap hotline, which is manned by a third-party psychologist.
flexible work arrangements prior to the onset of covid-19, cdl had already implemented four flexible work arrangements for employees, subject to mutual agreement with the heads of departments hods . they provide support for employees who need to manage work responsibilities alongside personal commitments.
flexi time flexible start and end times – employees can opt to start work earlier or later than the official working hours of training per employee.
flexible lunch hours – employees can go for a one-hour lunch break between 12.00 pm and 2.00 pm.
flexi place telecommuting – employees can work at alternate work locations, for up to two days a month, on a fixed schedule once every two weeks.
flexi load part-time work – full-time employees can convert to working part-time and enjoy similar benefits as full-time employees on a full or pro-rated basis.
in 2021, two employees worked on a part-time arrangement.
flexible benefits scheme cdl provides the flexible benefits scheme for all regular and contract employees, affording them the flexibility to explore a range of health and wellness options covered under the company’s health insurance plan and select the ones that best suit their health needs and stage of life.
pension scheme and contributions in singapore, the central provident fund cpf is a comprehensive social security savings plan introduced by the singapore government to enforce savings by salaried workers, including permanent residents, for a more secure retirement.
cpf funds can be used in several schemes including retirement, healthcare, housing, and investment.
under the cpf scheme, cdl and our staff make monthly contributions to their individual cpf accounts in accordance with singapore’s statutory requirements.
cdl also adheres to the respective social security contributions or pension plan obligations of the countries we operate in.
training and development the functional competencies within the competency framework were recently reviewed in 2020. this ensures that functional competencies reflect current business needs and helps to raise our employees’ learning and development capacity, yielding a capable and more agile workforce.
all employees must attend the cdl onboarding programme, which aims to induct and integrate new hires into the organizational culture.
training hours and investments talent development is key in retaining and attracting top talent and growing a skilled workforce.
in 2021, cdl invested over $480,000 into training and development for our corporate office staff, with over 14,000 training hours of training per employee clocked.
an average of five training days per staff was achieved.
to engage and empower internal stakeholders with knowledge to support corporate advocacy efforts for a "safe and green" culture, cdl provides sustainability-related training through ehs training and awareness programmes.
the cdl360 sustainability 101 series was launched in 2021 to create greater awareness and understanding of the company’s green initiatives and how to adopt more sustainable practices at home.
staff are also encouraged to attend relevant external conferences and workshops to strengthen their sustainability knowledge and ehs management skills.
this includes a mandatory annual refresher of sustainability-related policies every year, including cdl’s corporate ehs policy and cdl’s biodiversity policy etc. in 2021, 100% of cdl’s employees received sustainability-related training.
to continue to build up human capital and engage our employees during wfh measures, cdl launched several company-wide online training programmes.
throughout 2021, no details were provided.
employee training hours employee type: female, no.
of employees: 281, total training hours: 9,324, average training hours/employee: 33.2 employee type: male, no.
of employees: 127, total training hours: 5,089, average training hours/employee: 40.0 employee type: manager, no.
of employees: 264, total training hours: 11,284, average training hours/employee: 42.7 employee type: non-manager, no.
of employees: 144, total training hours: 3,129, average training hours/employee: 21.7 table end.
leadership development and succession planning through the structured cdl leadership programme, we develop high-potential employees by sharpening their leadership and management skills to enable them to become more effective leaders.
to help our staff achieve personal development and career growth, cdl implements a well-designed job rotation programme to enhance employees' competencies, as well as to increase job satisfaction through job variation.
structured talent deployment within cdl is part of hr planning, and it plays a major role in the following areas: career development: by providing employees with exposure to the various business operations or by expanding their skills and knowledge, employees can build both breadth and depth of experience and learning.
hence, maximizing their potential and enabling them to be more well-rounded in their careers in cdl.
talent retention: developing a robust talent pool is crucial to strengthening cdl's position as a leading property developer.
leadership and functional training programmes are organised annually to broaden skill sets, enhance engagement and ensure a productive talent pool.
engaging staff on sustainability cdl360 sustainability 101 series: the cdl360 sustainability 101 series engages cdl staff on global sustainability trends and practices.
the first part of the series spotlighted environmental sustainability and delved into cdl's greenhouse gases greenhouse gas emissions and how these relate to our business operations.
part two and three of the series were held in conjunction with nea's "say yes to waste less" campaign, where staff were encouraged to limit single-use plastics and food waste through positive behavioural change tips.
celebrating world water day: to commemorate world water day on 22 march 2021, cdl launched a quiz on valuing water for all cdl staff, our subsidiaries and tenants in partnership with pub.
world water day is designated by the un to emphasise the importance of water conservation and to support the achievement of un sdg 6 clean water and sanitation . management trainee programme the 18-month management trainee programme provides opportunities for promising young graduates to learn about cdl's various departments and operations, through a series of rotations at departments, with the potential for further leadership roles in the organisation.
the programme structure also allows management trainees to participate in additional special projects or overseas assignments to enhance their career development.
education sponsorships and scholarships cdl sponsors part-time courses relevant to the employee's work, conducted locally by recognised institutions and universities.
in 2021, we sponsored two employees for a master's degree and one employee for a postgraduate diploma.
internships cdl partners with local tertiary education institutions to offer internship opportunities for students interested in the property industry.
in 2021, there were 16 interns assigned to various departments in cdl.
political contributions under our anti-corruption policy, cdl takes a firm stance against using the company's resources to make donations to political parties and political associations, or candidates and/or election agents in a parliamentary or presidential election.
additionally, employees who intend to be involved in any political party are required to declare and seek top management's approval.
in 2021, as with previous years, cdl made zero direct and indirect political contributions using the company's resources.
shaping an innovation culture cdl's enterprise innovation committee eic plays an active role in shaping the organisational culture to raise staff capability, promote cross-departmental collaboration, and tap on invaluable expertise to accelerate our innovation journey.
for details, please refer to “driving innovation and digital transformation”.
developing sustainable communities the image shows a close-up of a green leaf with a circular cutout revealing a blurred image of people picking up trash in a park.
the text "developing sustainable communities" is overlaid on the image.
there is no further textual or numerical data to extract.
developing sustainable communities inputs community investments singapore sustainability academy cdl green gallery incubator for sdgs my tree house, green library for kids activities climate action and environmental conservation youth and women empowerment arts development charity initiatives community engagement thought leadership and capacity building employee volunteerism impact investing outputs 3p partnerships environmental and community impact enhanced awareness adoption of esg practices impact innovation value created behavioural change organisational reputation goodwill and trust contributing to sdgs image shows icons related to various sustainable development goals sdgs . developing sustainable communities community investments activating greater collaborations in our 2021 materiality assessment study, “stakeholder impact and partnerships” rose in ranking amongst all esg issues.
this reflects stakeholders’ greater concern about cdl’s contribution to benefit the society and the communities we live in.
this has re-affirmed our belief that building a sustainable future requires the collaboration of a larger ecosystem, and that corporates play a critical role in tackling climate, social and community issues.
despite the restrictions posed by covid-19, cdl continued to step up our community engagement efforts in 2021. this includes working with partners to share sustainability knowledge and leveraging these partnerships to generate a multiplier effect on our outreach and positive impact.
we utilised digital media platforms or hybrid events to further our thought leadership and advocacy on climate action, sustainable development, education, and innovation, in pursuit of shared goals.
some of cdl’s key focus areas include: thought leadership on climate action and sustainable development women empowerment youth engagement and development community education and outreach charity initiatives in line with good governance, cdl exercises due diligence in evaluating every request for donation, sponsorship, or partnership.
we assess the track record, quality of management, and organisational governance of charities and community partners.
for accountability, all charities and community partners are required to report on the social and environmental impact of their programmes, as well as the use of funds and resources contributed by cdl.
. 6-year-old kimberlyn chia in her winning video submission for “we love our planet” storytelling contest 2021, an environment-themed contest organised by cdl and the national library board.
she was featured in a video produced by cdl and award-winning animator, ang qing sheng, titled “we love our planet – voices of our children 2021”.
the singapore sustainability academy in 2021, one of our key material issues is “stakeholder impact and partnerships”.
it is not tenable for either the government, businesses, or individuals to achieve progress on global sustainability goals on their own.
collaboration through engaging, educating and empowering communities is pivotal for a more climate-resilient future.
designed and built by cdl with industry partners in 2017, the singapore sustainability academy ssa is the first ground-up initiative and zero-energy facility in singapore dedicated to capacity building and thought leadership for climate action.
the ssa is an extensive partnership involving six government agencies and 15 industry and ngo partners.
a hub for networking and the collective achievement of the un sdgs, the ssa provides a platform for industries, youths and the community to share knowledge and work on partnerships to actualise the goals outlined in the singapore green plan 2030, in addition to the country’s commitments under the paris agreement.
due to covid-19, the ssa has gone virtual since april 2020. this allowed us to continue promoting sustainable practices and lifestyle through various workshops and forums, open to singapore and beyond.
in 2021, both hybrid and virtual ssa programmes reached out to thousands of local and international participants.
. in addition to using sustainably sourced materials certified by nature’s barcode™, the ssa features 3,200 area in square feet of solar pv panels on its roof, generating 60,000 kilowatt-hours per year to more than fully power the academy.
developing sustainable communities ssa's outreach at a glance june 2017 - december 2021 100 partners including government agencies, industry, businesses and ngos 630 events and trainings conducted approximately 3 events per week in 2021 close to 22,300 attendees six supporting government agencies 15 founding partners growing international partners developing sustainable communities thought leadership on climate action and sustainable development key initiatives cop26: waving the singapore flag on the global stage, 12 november 2021 cop26 built environment panel: multinational panelists, including cdl chief sustainability officer ms esther an, shared insights into their country's challenges and opportunities in the real estate sector caused by climate change.
speakers: diane hoskins, co-ceo, gensler andreas berger, ceo, corporate solutions swissre ayaan adam, ceo, africa finance corporation capital esther an, chief sustainability officer, cdl maria ascension baz lorenzo, sacyr outcomes and impact deemed "a decisive moment in the fight against climate change", the 26th conference of the parties cop26 was an international climate change conference attended by heads of state, climate experts and sustainability thought leaders alike.
from developing carbon markets to cutting planet-warming methane to pledges on ending deforestation, the two-week-long cop26 event created a foundation for stronger global climate action across many fronts.
cdl was the only singaporean private sector company present and was represented by cdl chief sustainability officer ms esther an, who shared her insights as a speaker at the buildingspavilion live morning coffee talk and was also a panelist on three other discussion platforms.
a key highlight was the mainstage panel on "built environment leaders - leading collaborative action in the built environment" presented by the united nations framework convention on climate change unfccc . developing sustainable communities key initiatives: world cities summit 2021 outcomes and impact cdl presented two specially-curated panel sessions for world cities summit 2021 in june 2021. the first panel session, titled “smart & sustainable cities – innovative startups”, was enjoyed by more than 640 virtual attendees.
cdl showcased seven local innovators whose technologies and solutions aim to help drive changes in the construction, renewable energy, food security, circularity and waste management sectors.
titled "smart and sustainable cities – global strategies", the second panel session featured four international experts in green buildings, smart cities and carbon management who shared insights on the global race to a net zero carbon future, strategies that worked, and how to build smarter and more sustainable cities for greater climate and social resilience.
cdl is often invited to share our two-decade strong business case of esg integration.
in 2021, cdl's chief sustainability officer ms esther an, spoke at more than 120 local and international platforms, covering topics such as strategic un sdg integration, moving towards a net zero carbon future, green building and future cities, sustainability reporting, esg investing and green financing, and more.
speaking engagements by cdl chief sustainability officer number of engagements: singapore: 72 international: 42 academia: 10 virtual singapore sustainability academy: the future of sustainability reporting webinar 3-part series the future of sustainability reporting 3-part series was held across 2021, and was attended by more than 1,000 attendees from 25 countries, including china, the us, denmark and nigeria.
all three sessions focused on different areas key to advancing a business’s sustainability reporting.
part 1: - covered key topics and global trends on esg disclosure.
part 2: - focused on challenges and opportunities for sme reporters; expert panel shared tips for smes beginning their sustainability reporting journey or aiming to take it to the next level.
part 3: - featured three prominent esg investing experts who shared their insights and advice on the rising expectations of investors on corporate sustainability performance and reporting.
stakeholder engagement on sustainability and green buildings cdl actively engages stakeholders along our value chain to encourage more sustainable practices.
this includes engaging tenants and homebuyers through initiatives such as our green lease partnership programme and green living guide, and raising supplier awareness through a supplier code of conduct and cdl's 5-star ehs seminar.
please refer to “decarbonising towards net zero” for more information.
developing sustainable communities women empowerment key initiatives celebrating women champions in sustainability, 10 march 2021 women champions from left to right: ms trina liang, ms esther an, ms chitra hepburn and ms wong su yen.
women4green – nurturing women eco champions initiated by cdl in june 2017, the women4green network aims to empower female executives to adopt and champion a sustainable lifestyle and practices at work, home and play.
the initiative supports sdg 5: gender equality and sdg 13: climate action.
past engagement initiatives and events covered themes like sustainable diet, fashion and jewellery.
our virtual ssa platform and women4green network organised hybrid sessions in 2021 on topics such as women leaders in sustainability and sustainable fashion.
breast cancer foundation’s ‘ride with me’ charity cycling campaign the ‘ride with me’ charity cycling campaign by breast cancer foundation aims to encourage mental wellness in breast cancer patients.
through cycling at their own time, participants show their support for breast cancer patients by ‘riding’ the same journey with them.
this initiative aligns with sdg 3: good health and well-being, as well as cdl’s commitment to empowering women.
through our $4,000 contribution, the foundation exceeded their target of $10,000.
outcomes and impact cdl’s virtual ssa and women4green network celebrated international women’s day and its theme choosetochallenge with our first hybrid event since the start of covid-19.
the panel, moderated by cdl chief sustainability officer, ms esther an, featured the following women champions: ms patricia torres, global head of sustainable finance solutions, bloomberg streamed in live ms trina liang, managing director, templebridge investments and past-president, singapore committee for un women ms chitra hepburn, head of apac esg client coverage, msci ms wong su yen, global board director, professional speaker, chairperson, singapore institute of directors and founder & ceo, bronze phoenix pte ltd titled ‘women champions in sustainability’, this session explored the bloomberg gender-equality index and the journeys of three c-suite women as they choosetochallenge norms and barriers in building a greener future for all.
watch the recording here.
developing sustainable communities: youth engagement and development key initiatives turning anxiety into action – keep calm and love our planet campaign november 2021 to 2022 . youths who were featured in cdlxsyca's "keep calm and love our planet" video, a campaign to use the voices of youths to "turn climate anxiety into positive action".
anxiety into action , held as part of cdl's youth4climate global conversations with young champions series.
british high commissioner to singapore, her excellency ms kara owen and member of parliament, mr louis ng also delivered speeches at the event, supporting the voices of youths in driving climate action.
attendees enjoyed an insightful panel discussion with the national youth council ceo, mr david chua, and young climate champions, from singapore and abroad.
cdl e-generation challenge 2021 the cdl e-generation challenge is an annual youth competition launched in 2010. in 2017, it was revamped, and youths were invited to contribute ideas and action plans on climate action.
past winners went on environmental expeditions to antarctica, the arctic, and rajah ampat, sharing their firsthand experiences on climate change and marine pollution with the youth community.
the 2021 challenge focused on the impact of global deforestation and the importance of protecting biodiversity in singapore and asia.
cdl young sdg leaders fund – supporting local and overseas youth development programmes for more than two decades, cdl has actively supported youth development through direct sponsorships and mentorships.
this includes the cdl young sdg leaders fund, which has supported close to 100 student-led overseas community investment programs and approximately 4,100 students since 2014. due to covid-19, most local and overseas community service projects were suspended.
in 2021, the fund supported two projects and 40 students.
eco-business youth a list launched by eco-business since 2020, the youth a list recognizes the exemplary work of individuals under the age of 30, advancing environmental and social sustainability in the asia pacific region.
cdl supports the recognition of talented young sustainability practitioners working in public and private sectors and civic society.
virtual ssa – youth4climate global conversations 4, 28 january 2021 a continuation from 2020's youth4climate global conversations series, the fourth session highlighted four eco-champions from hong kong, one of the first asian countries to make a bold pledge towards net zero.
outcomes and impact a collaboration with singapore youth for climate action syca , the "keep calm and love our planet" campaign is a series of programs and initiatives to rally youths from all over the world who attended cop26 to support the vision of "turning climate anxiety into positive action".
the first part comprised a hybrid panel session, "keep calm and love our planet," held at cop26 on 10 november 2021. the second part involved youth attendees of cop26 sharing candid thoughts on eco-anxiety via a specially-curated video launched on 21 january 2022. developing sustainable communities key initiatives nurturing future sustainability leaders via education cdl-gcns young sdg leaders award 2021: launched in 2011, this annual business case competition empowers and cultivates youths to become future sustainability champions by equipping them with the skills and know-how to integrate sdgs into business strategy and operations.
since its inauguration, it has attracted the participation of more than 2,500 youths from institutes of higher learning.
the 2021 topic was "taking action for sdg 13 climate action in the new normal".
ten finalist teams underwent work attachments with assigned case companies, preparing for their final presentations.
the top three winning teams were crowned at the gcns virtual summit 2021. my tree house – world's first green library for kids: initiated by cdl in conjunction with the national library board nlb in 2013, my tree house encourages and facilitates environmental literacy and love for nature amongst younger generations.
in 2021, around 85,000 people visited and borrowed approximately 504,000 books.
close to 480 participants took part in 12 library programs, including the "we love our planet" storytelling contest and virtual ssa storytime @ my tree house, in collaboration with cdl.
virtual ssa – storytelling @ my tree house 4 june 2021 : in the lead-up to world environment day 2021, cdl and nlb jointly organized the second edition of a storytelling contest promoting family bonding and encouraging participants to take action to protect the planet.
the best entries and a selection of passionate submissions were curated into a video titled “we love our planet – voices of our children 2021”.
virtual ssa – storytelling and activities with tembusu csr 23 october 2021 : in celebration of children's day, cdl partnered with tembusu csr for a storytelling and activities session teaching over 200 children and their families how to reduce plastic waste.
youth4climate concert 2021: the youth4climate festival, initiated in 2018 in partnership with the ministry of sustainability and the environment mse , nea, nparks, and activesg, provides a platform for singapore's youths to express their passion for the environment.
due to covid-19, the festival was held as an online concert, featuring seven climate-themed acts and garnering over 3,400 views on cdl's sustainability facebook page.
it served as a finale to climate action week and rallied support for social causes through the 2021 president's challenge, with cdl matching every unique facebook post share with a $10 pledge.
outcomes and impact cdl actively shares its business case for sustainability integration to inspire future sustainability leaders.
in 2021, cdl's senior management delivered lectures to local and overseas students at various universities, including the university of st.
gallen, singapore management university, lee kuan yew school of public policy, essec business school, hong kong university, the asean youth organisation, northeastern university, and singapore university of social sciences.
developing sustainable communities: community education & outreach key initiatives "change the present, save the future" climate action exhibition, 15 july 2021 to march 2022 . the climate action exhibition features contactless interactive displays showcasing various facts about climate change, calling for action to support global and national climate efforts.
outcomes and impact in july 2021, in partnership with nparks, cdl launched "change the present, save the future," an exhibition on building climate resilience through global collaboration.
held in support of mse's climate action week 2021, the exhibition ran from 15 july 2021 to march 2022 at the cdl green gallery and called for action to support both global and national climate efforts.
leveraging contactless interactive displays, the exhibition took visitors across four zones: building climate resilience through global collaboration building a city in nature advancing a low-carbon and resilient built environment global action beyond borders and sectors officially launched by ms grace fu, minister for sustainability and the environment of singapore, the opening ceremony was accompanied by a high-level panel discussion on the topic "building a sustainable future – collaboration beyond borders and sectors".
minister grace fu, who shared further details on the singapore green plan 2030, was joined by distinguished panellists: ms lynn mcdonald, high commissioner of canada to singapore mr r raghunathan, world wide fund for nature singapore chief executive officer mr max loh, singapore and brunei managing partner, ey asean ipo leader, ernst & young.
ms esther an, cdl chief sustainability officer was the moderator for the panel discussion.
singapore sustainability academy ssa hosted 180 events and trainings in 2021 designed and built by cdl in 2017, the ssa is the first ground-up initiative and zero-energy facility in singapore dedicated to advocacy, thought leadership, collaboration, and capacity building for climate action and green causes, involving an extensive partnership with six government agencies and 15 founding industry and ngo partners.
since its opening on 5 june 2017 till the end of 2021, the ssa has hosted more than 630 sustainability-related training programmes and advocacy events, attracting close to 22,300 attendees.
in 2021, despite restrictions posed by covid-19, the ssa has continued promoting sustainable lifestyle practices through various virtual workshops.
under the virtual ssa platform, we hosted a series of sustainability-related talks and sessions that were free and open to the public.
it has provided the ssa with great opportunities to expand outreach beyond our shores.
all recordings of our virtual ssa sessions are posted on the cdl sustainability youtube channel.
for more information on ssa events, click here.
developing sustainable communities key initiatives green is the new black conscious festival , 24-26 september 2021 cdl sculpture award 2021 incubator for sdgs learning space@limbang and wecare @north west - service weeks outcomes and impact the conscious festival is a festive event by lifestyle media and events platform green is the new black, focusing on sustainable living, transport, energy, and more.
in 2021, the hybrid three-day event was held physically in paris, singapore and london, as well as virtually for the rest of the world.
cdl was a venue partner for its singapore pop-up, hosting the event at the ssa.
cdl chief sustainability officer ms esther an spoke on gender diversity and women's empowerment at one of the festival's talks, themed "sustainability through the female lens".
a firm supporter of the arts, cdl has been contributing significantly to the singapore arts scene for more than a decade.
the cdl singapore sculpture award is an extension of our patronage of the development of arts and youth in singapore.
initiated by cdl in 2002, the biennial award is now into its 10th year.
themed "turning waste to art", the 7th cdl singapore sculpture award draws inspiration from the concept of the circular economy, sdg 11: sustainable cities and communities and sdg 12: responsible consumption and production.
the award challenges artists to turn residual waste into a sculpture that reflects a nation that is progressive, forward-looking and sustainable.
in celebration of singapore art week in january 2022, cdl unveiled two winning commissioned sculptures, made from construction waste from cdl's construction sites.
they were inspired by malay heritage and titled "cycle" and "traditional wisdom".
completed in december 2021, the sculptures are housed at wisma geylang serai, a cultural heritage integrated hub that promotes arts, culture and cohesiveness.
in support of social enterprises with purposes that are aligned with one or more un sdgs, the incubator for sdgs is an initiative by cdl in partnership with undp, singapore centre for social enterprise raise , and social collider.
in 2021, cdl sought the second intake of impact-driven businesses with our new partner global green economic forum, an impact investing accelerator.
located at the basement of republic plaza, incubator for sdgs provides rent-free workspaces for selected social enterprises, start-ups and scale-ups for a year.
these companies will also be able to tap into an extensive network of management experts to help them scale up and reach out to potential investors and markets.
in alignment with cdl's low-carbon vision, 70% of the fitting out materials at the workspaces were made from sustainable sources or recycled materials.
since 2017, cdl and north west community development council nwcdc partnered to set up a conducive learning space at the limbang park residents' committee centre for students from low-income households in the vicinity.
besides providing library books and recreational games at the centre, cdl's staff volunteers impart character-building lessons to children from underprivileged families.
the learning space had a total outreach of 530 young children and youths from january to march 2020, before the start of circuit breaker.
in 2021, cdl participated in nwcdc's annual wecare @ nwcdc - service weeks initiative for the 6th consecutive year to distribute festive packs to some 270 needy households living in public rental units in limbang.
in addition, cdl topped up the festive packs with daily necessities such as shampoo, body wash, soap, toothbrush and toothpaste.
in end-2021, cdl also championed two meaningful initiatives, a grant-a-wish programme to fulfil festive wishes of children living in limbang, as well as a gift-a-voucher initiative to encourage donations of $20 grocery vouchers for all residents of rental units in limbang.
developing sustainable communities key initiatives and outcomes and impact supporting trees of the world, december 2021 cdl celebrated the holiday season by sponsoring 10 trees at the singapore botanic gardens' trees of the world 2021 display.
led by nparks, the display is a collaboration with the community to bring festive cheer to the public and raise funds for the singapore botanic gardens.
all proceeds went towards the “give to the gardens” programme.
initiated in 2016, this programme supports the garden's work as a prominent botanical institution and contributes to the conservation of singapore's local and regional flora while inspiring a love for nature and environmental protection amongst the community.
sustainable fashion 2.0: greening our wardrobe, 20 november 2021 cdl partnered with the fashion pulpit to launch this initiative.
featured an upcycled fashion runway with green advocates, children and canine friends.
took a closer look at the environmental impact of consumer patterns and the global fashion industry.
encompassed four components – fashion runway, survey, talk show and exhibition.
ran across both physical and digital platforms until march 2022. virtual ssa - the art and science of circularity, 22 april 2021 cdl celebrated earth day 2021 with the first session of virtual ssa's the art and science of circularity series.
featured three local eco-innovators who discussed their journeys in advocating for upcycling and combating ocean pollution.
charity initiatives and outcomes and impact arc children's centre cdl has been a founding corporate supporter since its inception in 2011. aims to be a sanctuary for children with cancer and other life-threatening illnesses, and their families.
in december 2021, cdl's city sunshine club volunteers brought festive joy to the children during christmas.
the hybrid format included painting, storytelling and festive goodie distribution.
assisi hospice a long-standing partner since 1999. cdl raised more than $113,000 in 2021 through the cdl challenge and assisi e-fun day.
the cdl challenge is an in-house fundraising campaign that rallies donations from stakeholders staff and business partners . at the assisi e-fun day 2021, cdl and its hotel subsidiary, m&c, raised funds through virtual stalls and provided donations-in-kind shopping, f&b, and hotel vouchers . city sunshine club csc since 1999, cdl's dedicated employee-led volunteering body has actively reached out to the less fortunate and underprivileged.
organises monthly food distribution drives where cdl employees distribute household necessities to low-income elderly living in rental flats.
during festive seasons, csc collaborates with the nwcdc by distributing festive packs to families staying in one-room rental flats and organises festive celebrations for assisi hospice and arc children's centre.
despite restrictions and adherence to social distancing and safety measures, employees achieved a 28.9% participation rate and clocked more than 350 employee volunteer manhours in 2021. there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
developing sustainable communities trade and industry associations in furthering the sustainability cause at home and abroad, cdl's senior management has been contributing time and expertise through their respective appointments at various industry bodies and civil society organisations.
cdl will continue to partner with the industry and form collaborations in support of the singapore government's green plan and agenda of becoming a smart, sustainable and inclusive nation.
table: cdl representation in trade and industry associations organisation: arc children's centre, cdl representation: mr chia ngiang hong, chairman organisation: the artground managed and nurtured by the ground co limited , cdl representation: ms yiong yim ming, committee member organisation: asian association for investors in non-listed real estate vehicles, cdl representation: mr frank khoo, member organisation: asian civilisations museum, cdl representation: mr kwek eik sheng, member, advisory board organisation: asia pacific real estate association, cdl representation: ms esther an, board member, singapore chapter; chairperson, sustainability & esg committee organisation: business china, cdl representation: mr frank khoo, member organisation: cfo taskforce for the sdgs, cdl representation: mr sherman kwek, board member organisation: chinese development assistance council, cdl representation: ms yiong yim ming, member organisation: council for estate agencies, cdl representation: mr sherman kwek, member, board of trustees organisation: enterprise singapore, cdl representation: ms lee mei ling, member, professional development committee organisation: future economic council urban systems cluster sub-committee, cdl representation: ms esther an, working group member, renewable energy certificates new standards organisation: gardens by the bay, cdl representation: mr chia ngiang hong, chairman organisation: global compact network singapore, cdl representation: mr ivan ng, advisory panel member organisation: global real estate sustainability benchmark, cdl representation: ms esther an, member, management committee organisation: global reporting initiative gri , cdl representation: ms esther an, member, asian real estate benchmark committee organisation: home detention advisory committee 4 , cdl representation: ms esther an, member, board of directors; gri asean regional hub, member, advisory group organisation: hong leong foundation, cdl representation: mr chia ngiang hong, chairman organisation: ibuildsg tripartite committee, cdl representation: mr kwek eik sheng, governor organisation: institute of singapore chartered accountants, cdl representation: mr chia ngiang hong, co-chair organisation: it management association of singapore, cdl representation: ms yiong yim ming, council member organisation: leadership panel, healthcity novena master plan 2030 and beyond, ministry of health, cdl representation: mr frank khoo, member organisation: le marché international des professionnels de l'immobilier mipim , cdl representation: mr ivan ng, vice president organisation: mas's financial centre advisory panel, cdl representation: mr allen ang, panel member table end.
developing sustainable communities organisation ministry of manpower – ministry of health tripartite oversight committee on workplace safety and health ministry of sustainability and the environment – sg eco fund national parks board national trades union congress club national university of singapore national volunteer & philanthropy centre national youth council north west community development council raffles place alliance real estate developers’ association of singapore royal institution of chartered surveyors and united nations environment programme finance initiative security itm tripartite committee singapore business federation council singapore green building council singapore health services singapore institute of directors singapore interior design accreditation council singapore river one singapore university of social sciences cdl representation mr allen ang, member, subcommittee workers in business & other workplace clusters ms esther an, member, corporate advisory committee mr allen ang, community-in-bloom ambassador mr chia ngiang hong, committee member, management council; chairman, audit committee; committee member, finance & strategy committee mr chia ngiang hong, member, consultative committee, department of real estate; board member, institute of real estate and urban studies; chairman of school advisory committee, school of design and environment term concluded on 30 june 2021 ms esther an, advisory committee member, master of science, environmental management, school of design and environment mr frank khoo, advancement advisory council saac executive committee member, school of design and environment mr ivan ng, industry advisory committee member, school of computing ms esther an, member, alliance for action on corporate purpose ms esther an, advisory committee member, national youth fund mr allen ang, council member; co-chairman of green living standing committee ms callie yah, vice chairman mr chia ngiang hong, president ms esther an, member, global alliance for buildings and construction globalabc building passport task force mr chia ngiang hong, member mr chia ngiang hong, council member and member of audit committee mr allen ang, board member and board technical lead mr chia ngiang hong, honorary advisor / past president ms esther an, board member; chairperson, stakeholder engagement and capacity building mr sherman kwek, member, singhealth property committee ms esther an, vice chair, esg committee mr chia ngiang hong, council member mr chia ngiang hong, board director ms yiong yim ming, board member developing sustainable communities organisation temasek polytechnic tripartite oversight committee on workplace safety & health & sub committee 2 united nations development programme united nations environment programme finance initiative united nations escap sustainable business network united nations principles for responsible investment united nations sustainable stock exchanges urban land institute women4green network women in sustainability and environment world green building council young women's leadership connection cdl representation mr ivan ng, advisory committee member, school of informatics and it mr chia ngiang hong, member and co-chair ms esther an, advisor, private sector advisory group for promoting a fair business environment in asean ms esther an, member, property working group ms esther an, member, executive council ms esther an, member, real estate advisory committee ms esther an, member, green finance advisory group ms esther an, steering committee member, women's leadership initiative; co-chair, singapore sustainability product council; member, greenprint mr frank khoo, executive committee member, integrated development council ms esther an, founder ms esther an, advisor ms esther an, vice chair, corporate advisory board ms esther an, mentor, ywlc mentorship programme looking ahead cdl is committed to adding greater purpose to our business and creating a stronger triple bottom line that will benefit the planet and people.
as we scale new heights in our global partnerships and collaboration, cdl will continue to push the boundaries for stakeholder engagement, community outreach, and training and capacity building for sustainability professionals in singapore and beyond.
in january 2022, in partnership with global green connect, we launched sustainability connect, a platform for sustainability practitioners by sustainability practitioners.
this collaboration expands our focus on capacity building and aims to equip sustainability professionals with practical knowledge, allowing them to scale up their skillsets and support their employers to future-proof their businesses.
we remain firmly committed to the un sdgs, and caring for the planet and people by sharing our economic benefits.
moving forward, building a greener, healthier and more resilient community where both people and businesses can prosper will remain our priority.
tcfd disclosure . cdl's pioneering and voluntary adoption of the tcfd recommendations since 2017 provides climate-related financial information for esg investors to make informed investment decisions.
the findings of cdl's 2021 materiality study revealed that "climate resilience" is cdl's top material esg issue.
in december 2021, the singapore exchange regulation sgx regco announced that all issuers must provide climate reporting on a 'comply or explain' basis in their sustainability reports from fy2022 onwards.
for the building sector, climate reporting based on the recommendations of the tcfd framework will become mandatory from fy2024.¹ cdl is proud to be one of the first few companies in singapore to have adopted tcfd reporting since 2017 and we have been consistently expanding our level of disclosure.
this section describes how we manage climate-related risks and opportunities, with reference to the four key pillars recommended by tcfd.
as one of the pioneering adopters of tcfd reporting in singapore, cdl is proud to push the envelope by being the first company in singapore to secure external assurance for our tcfd disclosures.
references to cdl's integrated sustainability report 2022 are provided for further details.
table: tcfd disclosure and cdl's approach tcfd pillar: governance , recommended disclosure: describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities., cdl's approach: the board is committed to strategically integrating sustainability across key aspects of cdl's business and advancing sustainability efforts.
on behalf of the board and supported by the chief sustainability officer cso , the board sustainability committee bsc has direct advisory supervision on cdl's sustainability strategy, material esg issues, work plans, performance targets and sustainability reporting.
the current bsc comprises three independent directors and is chaired by mr sherman kwek, cdl's group ceo., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: dedicated to sustainability integration, pg 14 tcfd pillar: management , recommended disclosure: describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities., cdl's approach: the bsc has oversight of climate-related risks, opportunities and initiatives that drive climate mitigation and adaptation strategies – these include the materiality assessment, climate change scenario analysis studies and supply chain risk management study.
apart from meeting biannually to review and advise on strategic climate-related issues and our low-carbon strategy and initiatives, the cso updates the bsc on cdl's esg performance and initiatives, as well as global and local esg trends through the quarterly sustainability reports and meetings, when necessary.
the progress against our climate-related goals and targets is tracked regularly.
since mid-2017, we have been reporting the performance of the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint through our online quarterly sustainability report, in addition to the annual integrated sustainability report isr . these reports are sent promptly to the bsc, the sustainability committee and all hods.
they are also publicly available on cdl's dedicated sustainability microsite.
the cso leads the sustainability department and reports directly to the bsc.
the sustainability portfolio engages all levels of the company's operations across each operational unit.
chaired by the cso, the sustainability committee is supported by an advisory committee comprising c-suites of all business units and the executive committee.
the five sub-committees are led by the hods of relevant business units and are accountable for cdl's esg performance through cdl's remuneration and appraisal processes.
each sub-committee is supported by relevant management and operational staff across all departments and operational units.
the primary responsibilities of the sustainability committee members are to execute climate-related strategies, monitor the performance of their business units in meeting cdl's sustainability goals and targets, and track and submit their performance to the sustainability department.
the sustainability committee is informed of climate-related issues related to the business and our progress against our esg goals and targets through the quarterly sustainability reports, in addition to the annual isr., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: delivering value and best practices, pg 24 table end.
notes: 1. sgx mandates climate and board diversity disclosures.
sgx, 15 december 2021. tcfd disclosure strategy describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
through regular stakeholder materiality assessments conducted by an independent external consultant, we identified that regulatory transition risks such as carbon tax, water pricing, electricity tariffs and potentially stricter building design requirements will pose challenges to maintain profitability and sustain our growth.
physical risks such as extreme weather patterns can lead to stranded assets and affect the well-being of building occupants.
climate-proofing cdl's buildings in line with a low-carbon future is key to our growth strategy.
in 2021's materiality assessment, climate resilience was the top material esg issue for cdl.
cdl was one of four pioneering singapore companies to adopt tcfd's classification of climate-related risks and opportunities since 2017, which outlines both physical and transition risks.
we conducted our first climate change scenario analysis study in 2018 based on 2°c and 4°c warmer scenarios.
climate risks, alongside potential financial impacts and opportunities were studied by a third-party consultant.
in 2019, the scope of the second climate change scenario analysis focused on 2°c and 1.5°c warmer scenarios, to align with the ipcc special report on global warming of 1.5°c and the un global compact's business ambition for 1.5°c campaign.
climate change related trends impacting our business and the real estate sector covering the following timeframes were studied – short term starting immediately to 2030 ; medium term 2030 to 2050 ; and long term 2050 to 2100 . the short term covered three horizons focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions to limit warming and reducing exposure to carbon pricing; mitigating negative financial impacts and protecting our current assets from more frequent and severe extreme weather events; while adapting to changing regulatory requirements and market norms in a low-carbon economy.
in the longer term, which covers both medium term and long term timeframes, the measures looked at maximising future portfolio value in the face of intensifying physical risks and market norms.
additional country specific climate risks and recommendations for china, singapore, uk and us were considered based on risks most material to cdl and expected national climate policy commitments to achieve a 1.5°c or 2°c warmer scenario.
the second study also identified market and technology transformation opportunities such as potential for new products and services in a new low-carbon economy and known benefits from leveraging green technology and the green debt market.
the second study highlighted major market trends for transition and physical risks in singapore, uk, usa and china.
cdl focused on key transition risks such as building standards, carbon pricing and construction costs and physical risks such as flash floods, heat waves and indirect business disruptions, given their exposure and hazard levels to our business units.
cumulatively, the net negative impact is $82 million on our operating profits in 2030, under a 1.5°c warmer scenario – using 2018 as the baseline year.
the financial impact was derived from a comprehensive heatmapping exercise which prioritised top physical and transition risks to the business according to their hazard level and exposure scale across the different markets covered in the study.
relevant physical and transition hazards were determined by the increased probabilistic frequencies of the event happening, related carbon price implications for commodities and required increased investment in green design features.
the calculated exposure is cdl-specific, e.grams. revenue exposed, construction cost exposed, maintenance cost exposed etc. based on these risk factors, variables that indicate the level of hazard in the countries under analysis and the exposure of cdl's business units to these hazards were identified.
available scientific literature and baseline year data provided by cdl were used to quantify the risk factors for hazard and exposure to make relevant quantitative and qualitative assessments.
majority of the negative impact is attributed to transition risks, with maximum impact on our development properties due to anticipated changes in building standards and construction costs.
in december 2021, we commenced our third climate change scenario analysis, given the major shifts in the decarbonisation regulatory landscape in singapore and globally, driven by climate failure and social crisis.
the latest study is using the network for greening the financial system nfgs 's climate scenarios portal, bringing together a global, harmonised set of transition pathways, physical climate change impacts and economic indicators.
we further expanded our geographical scope to include hotel assets in new zealand.
following the second study, three different time horizons covering short term present to 2030 ; medium term 2030 to 2050 ; and long term 2050 to 2100 will be analysed, along with key transition and physical risks arising from potentially relevant covid-19 impacts and key cop26 outcomes.
we have been focusing on nature based solutions and will be exploring the pathway to embrace tnfd when it is officially launched.
addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022 delivering value and best practices, pg 24 decarbonising towards net zero, pg 68 isr 2021, pg 49-50 tcfd disclosure recommended disclosure: describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and financial planning.
cdl's approach: under cdl's enterprise risk management erm framework, climate change is identified as a strategic business risk under cdl group.
the group is committed to mitigate risk exposure through appropriate risk management strategies and adequate internal controls.
close monitoring and control processes, including the use of appropriate key risk and key performance indicators, are implemented to ensure the risk profiles are managed within the group's risk appetite and tolerance limits.
cdl recognises that a business's vulnerability to the impact of climate change extends beyond the physical exposure of its direct operations and sites.
disruptions to our supply chain, customers and markets have material impacts on our value chain and are considered in the climate change scenario analysis studies as well.
based on estimates by the international energy agency and un environment programme unep , the building and construction sector accounted for 36% of global final energy use and 37% energy-related co2 emission in 2021. out of total emissions, 11% is attributed to manufacturing building materials and products.
this underscores cdl's responsibility to mitigate the impact of our business on climate change.
cdl's carbon mitigation strategy has been largely focused on addressing scope 2 emissions as electricity usage forms the largest source of emissions for cdl's core operations in singapore.
through robust resource management and regular asset upgrading and enhancement efforts, cdl has been maintaining good energy performance for our existing commercial properties.
since 2004, cdl has retrofitted all our existing managed buildings.
our efforts from previous initiatives since 2012 continued to yield an estimated annual energy savings of around 15.1 million kilowatt-hours, equivalent to more than $3.4 million of cost savings in 2021. in 2019, cdl implemented a sustainable finance framework to leverage sustainable financing for funding eligible green and social projects that support cdl's business and sustainability vision.
as of 31 december 2021, cdl has secured more than $3 billion of sustainable financing, including a green bond, several green loans and a sustainability-linked loan.
as an investor, cdl was accepted as a signatory to the un pri in 2021. un pri is an investor initiative in partnership with unep finance initiative unep fi and the un global compact.
we also introduced the cdl sustainable investment principles sip in 2021 to steward responsible capital allocation and investments decision-making.
the sip is aligned with the glasgow climate pact, un sdgs and other global best practices and frameworks such as un pri, tcfd, unep fi.
it also complements cdl's existing esg policies and guidelines, including the climate change policy, ehs policy, green building policy, biodiversity policy and human rights policy.
addressed in: integrated sustainability report 2022 risk management report in cdl annual report 2021 decarbonising towards net zero, pg 58 dedicated to sustainability integration, pg 17 tcfd disclosure tcfd pillar : describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario., recommended disclosure : cdl is dedicated to strengthening the climate resiliency of our portfolio by setting targets towards carbon mitigation and environmental protection.
through the early adoption of climate change scenario analysis based on the tcfd recommendations, we have gained greater insight into climate-related risks and their potential impact on our business and financial bottom line under a 2°c and lower scenario.
we continuously review our climate-related targets against global standards and best practices.
in 2018, we were the first real estate company in singapore to set sbti-validated targets based on a 2°c warmer scenario.
in december 2021, we successfully raised the carbon reduction targets that were assessed and validated by the sbti, aligned with a 1.5°c warmer scenario.
the revised targets also support cdl's world green building council's worldgbc net zero carbon buildings commitment., cdl's approach : in february 2021, cdl became the first real estate conglomerate in southeast asia to sign the worldgbc net zero carbon buildings commitment.
this is a global pledge to achieve net zero operational carbon by 2030, covering new and existing wholly-owned assets under our direct management and operational control.
in november 2021, during cop26, cdl joined 44 pioneering companies worldwide to extend our pledge towards a net zero whole life carbon emissions approach.
through this expanded commitment, we pledged to achieve maximum reduction of embodied carbon in new developments, compensating for any remaining residual operational and upfront embodied emissions via offsetting for new developments by 2030 and for all buildings to be net zero carbon by 2050. cdl's net zero commitment covers scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and includes different phases of strategic action with stakeholders to tackle the transition required under each scope.
our updated pledge to achieve net-zero whole life carbon-built environment includes five key actions: 1. commit: commit to achieving net-zero operational carbon for new and existing wholly-owned assets under direct operational and management control.
maximise reduction in embodied carbon and compensate for any residual upfront emissions via offsetting for new developments and major renovations.
2. disclose: measure and publicly disclose scope 1 and 2 emissions, embodied carbon emissions and energy consumption by assessing annual asset and portfolio energy demand and carbon emissions against set targets.
3. act: reduce energy consumption for construction and operations of assets, by implementing energy efficiency measures and transition to 100% renewable energy via on-site production or procurement of clean energy, e.grams. renewable energy certificates.
adopt sustainable building designs, materials and supply chain practices to reduce upfront embodied carbon and offset any residual upfront emissions.
4. verify: demonstrate enhanced energy performance, reduced carbon emissions and progress towards net-zero carbon assets via third-party certification by aligning with recognised and industry leading local third-party certification and verification schemes.
verify and report lifecycle assessment for embodied carbon at asset level for new developments.
5. advocate: engage and influence value chain and building users to support and build towards a wider transition to a net-zero whole life carbon-built environment.
formed in 2018, the cdl enterprise innovation committee eic was generates customer- and digital-centric ideas for the advancement of cdl's business, focusing on areas like energy analytics and building occupant comfort.
these activities are powered by three mutually-reinforcing engines: 1 innovation pipeline; 2 people and culture; and 3 proptech investment.
we have started exploring circularity practices and solutions, such as adopting advanced low-carbon construction methods and materials as part of our efforts to reduce embodied carbon.
in 2020, the green building and technology application team was formed as part of the sustainability portfolio to explore innovative carbon reduction solutions and partnerships targeted at mitigating our climate-related risks for our developments and managed buildings.
addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022 decarbonising towards net zero, pg 60 isr 2021, pg 51 driving innovation and building performance, pg 45 tcfd disclosure risk management recommended disclosure: describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
cdl's approach: since 2014, cdl has conducted annual materiality assessments facilitated by an independent consultant to identify key economic, environmental, social, and governance eesg issues important to stakeholders.
more comprehensive assessments were conducted in 2020 and 2021 to better align with shifting priorities and stakeholder expectations.
a macro scanning exercise considering global sustainability trends and climate regulations e.grams., carbon tax , along with surveys and interviews with over 300 stakeholders, revealed an increased prioritization of environmental issues.
"climate resilience" was cdl's top material issue in 2021. the rise in ranking of environmental issues like "energy efficiency and adoption of renewables" and "water and waste management" can be attributed to global climate action momentum in 2021 e.grams., cop26 and the acceleration of climate-related agreements and commitments.
cdl also conducted climate change scenario analyses facilitated by a third-party consultant to identify and categorize climate-related risks based on their financial impacts as provided by tcfd . these risks are considered strategic business risks and are managed under cdl's enterprise risk management erm framework.
process: the group uses an integrated top-down and bottom-up risk review process for systematic identification and prioritization of all material risks.
continuous communication and consultation with internal and external stakeholders are integral to this process, enabling the group to understand the importance of risk management and implement the best policies and practices.
governance: the board is responsible for risk governance across the group, ensuring management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls.
the audit and risk committee arc assists the board in this responsibility, overseeing the group's risk management framework and policies.
the management risk committee surfaces significant risk issues for discussion with the arc and the board to ensure timely and accurate information.
all arc members, including the chairman, are independent non-executive directors.
the management risk committee monitors group risk profiles and regulatory compliance quarterly.
climate risks: the group recognizes climate change as a business risk.
as a focal issue of the paris agreement and singapore green plan 2030, climate change is a long-term key global risk that could impact the group's assets, revenue, operations, supply chain, product design, stakeholder engagement, and investor communication.
besides physical risks from climate change, regulatory transition risks such as stricter emission standards, increased carbon tax and water pricing, and stricter building design requirements are also considered.
the group prioritizes esg communication and reporting to proactively manage rising stakeholder capitalism, investor and consumer activism.
climate-proofing buildings for a low-carbon future is key to the group's growth strategy.
addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: delivering value and best practices, page 24 decarbonising towards net zero, page 68 risk management report in cdl annual report 2021 corporate governance report in cdl annual report 2021 tcfd disclosure recommended disclosure : describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management., cdl's approach : beyond managing climate-related risks and opportunities under the erm framework, cdl also manages operational risks pertaining to energy, water and supply of raw materials by adopting iso management system standards that are internationally recognised and widely adopted.
in 2003, cdl became the first private property developer in singapore to have our environmental management system audited against iso 14001 for property development and project management.
this provided a well-defined and clear framework through which we identified the environmental aspects and impacts associated with our activities, products and services, and allowed us to implement the necessary controls to manage these impacts.
to align with globally-recognised standards in carbon emissions measurement and reporting, cdl became the first developer in singapore in 2016 to validate our greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions data against the stringent iso 14064-1 certification in greenhouse gas emissions reporting.
conducted at a reasonable assurance level, the verification covers stringent audits of processes on greenhouse gas emissions control and a review of emission factors used for diesel, petrol, refrigerant gases, electricity grid, transmission and distribution losses, employee commuting, and business air travel.
these processes have complemented cdl's data-driven approach in assessing our climate change resilience strategies and controls.
electricity consumption has long been identified as a significant climate-related risk for cdl, as it forms the largest source of emissions for cdl's core operations in singapore reported as scope 2 emissions . to systematically optimise energy performance and promote more efficient energy management, cdl was the first developer in singapore to achieve the iso 50001 energy management system certification for the provision of property and facilities management services in 2014. since embarking on our sustainability journey more than two decades ago, cdl has put in place a comprehensive suite of policies, processes and systems to measure our efforts in environmental protection and conservation.
as an early adopter of sustainability reporting, cdl's robust sustainability reporting has evolved into a unique blended model using the gri sustainability reporting standards as its core since 2008. to address the diverse expectations of stakeholders, cdl embraced cdp since 2010, global real estate sustainability benchmark gresb since 2013, the value reporting foundation vrf 's integrated reporting framework since 2015, sustainable development goals sdg reporting since 2016, task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd framework since 2017 and sustainability accounting standards board sasb standards for real estate sector since 2020. cdl's future value 2030 sustainability blueprint sets long-term climate-related goals and targets towards 2030—a milestone year for un sdgs and the net zero climate agenda.
interim annual targets have been in place to monitor our progress.
key metrics on carbon emissions, embodied carbon, energy and water usage, and waste management are published in our isr.
monitoring and reporting these metrics help us identify areas with highest climate-related risks, for more targeted approaches.
to track the progress towards our overarching goals set under the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint, metrics and their corresponding performance are provided for the last five years.
addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022 decarbonising towards net zero, pg 65, 76, 78 risk management report in cdl annual report 2021 iso 14064 reasonable assurance statement, pg 134 delivering value and best practices, pg 85 key performance summary, pg 129 to 132 tcfd disclosure recommended disclosure : disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks., cdl's approach : cdl has been disclosing scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions of our core operations and six key subsidiaries in our isrs since 2015. to ensure proper accounting of our greenhouse gas emissions, cdl scopes our emission streams in accordance with the greenhouse gas protocol corporate accounting and reporting standard.
to further demonstrate cdl's environmental practices' alignment with international best practices, cdl was the first singapore developer in 2016 to have our greenhouse gas emissions data, for our corporate office, industrial buildings, commercial buildings and development sites, externally validated against iso 14064 on greenhouse gas verification., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022 : decarbonising towards net zero, pg 62 recommended disclosure : describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets, cdl's approach : cdl is into the fifth year of the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint and is on track in meeting our interim 2030 targets.
the diligent tracking of our progress towards our esg goals results in prompt implementation of solutions to stay on track.
annual interim targets guide us towards meeting our 2030 goals progressively.
cdl's climate-related targets such as those related to greenhouse gas emissions, water and energy usage, and waste generation, in line with regulatory and voluntary requirements, are published in our annual isr., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022 : iso 14064 reasonable assurance statement, pg 134 delivering value and best practices, pg 22 decarbonising towards net zero, pg 58 table end.
since 2007, cdl has established ambitious targets to reduce energy intensity across our operations in singapore.
we established our first carbon emissions intensity reduction target in 2011 and voluntarily raised the target from 25% to 38% by 2030 from 2007 levels in 2017. subsequently in 2018, we became the first real estate company in singapore to have our carbon reduction targets validated by sbti, raising our carbon emissions intensity reduction target from 38% to 59% across our singapore operations by 2030 from base year 2007, aligned with a 2°c warmer scenario.
in december 2021, we revalidated our carbon emissions intensity reduction target in line with a 1.5°c warmer scenario with sbti.
the renewed targets aim to decarbonise cdl's operations in three ways: reduce scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 63% per m² leased area by 2030 from a 2016 base year.
compared to our 2018 sbti target of reducing scope 1 and 2 emissions by 59% by 2030 from base year 2007, the new baseline year of 2016 presents a more stringent and aspirational goal.
reduce scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from purchased goods and services 41% per m² gross floor area gfa by 2030 from 2016. reduce absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions from investments by 58.8% by 2030 from 2016, that covers hotels managed by cdl's wholly-owned hotel subsidiary, millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c . notes: 2. sbti requires companies' scope 3 targets to cover 66% of their scope 3 emissions.
for cdl, category 1 purchased goods and services and category 15 investments have reduction targets as these categories cover more than 80% of its scope 3 emissions.
3. investment refers to cdl's six key subsidiaries – cbm pte ltd, cdl hospitality trusts, city serviced offices, le grove serviced residences, tower club singapore, hotels owned and managed by m&c.
cdsb disclosure climate disclosure standards board the table below illustrates our alignment with the climate disclosure standards board cdsb framework, which was adopted since 2020. besides the twelve disclosure requirements of the cdsb framework, our report also adopts the seven guiding principles that guide how we prepare and report on environmental information.
requirements disclosures under "shall" requirements requirements: req-01 governance , description: disclosures shall describe the governance of environmental policies, strategy and information, addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: dedicated to sustainability integration requirements: req-02 management's environmental policies, strategy and targets , description: disclosures shall report management's environmental policies, strategy and targets, including the indicators, plans and timelines used to assess performance., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: decarbonising towards net zero determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment delivering value and best practices requirements: req-03 risks and opportunities , description: disclosures shall explain the material current and anticipated environmental risks and opportunities affecting the organisation., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: decarbonising towards net zero determined to create a fair, safe and inclusive business environment delivering value and best practices requirements: req-04 sources of environmental impacts , description: quantitative and qualitative results, together with the methodologies used to prepare them, shall be reported to reflect material sources of environmental impact., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: decarbonising towards net zero tcfd disclosure requirements: req-05 performance and comparative analysis , description: disclosures shall include an analysis of the information disclosed in req-04 compared with any performance targets set and with results reported in previous periods., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: decarbonising towards net zero iso 14064 reasonable assurance statement key performance summary requirements: req-06 outlook , description: management shall summarise their conclusions about the effect of environmental impacts, risks and opportunities on the organisation's future performance and position, addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: decarbonising towards net zero key performance summary requirements: req-07 organisational boundary , description: environmental information shall be prepared for the entities within the boundary of the organisation or group for which the mainstream report is prepared and, where appropriate, shall distinguish information reported for entities and activities outside that boundary, addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: dedicated to sustainability integration requirements: req-08 reporting policies , description: disclosures shall cite the reporting provisions used for preparing environmental information and shall except in the first year of reporting confirm that they have been used consistently from one reporting period to the next., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: decarbonising towards net zero report period and scope requirements: req-09 reporting period , description: disclosures shall be provided on an annual basis., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: report period and scope requirements: req-10 restatements , description: disclosures shall report and explain any prior year restatements., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: report period and scope requirements: req-11 conformance , description: disclosures shall include a statement of conformance with the cdsb framework., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: decarbonising towards net zero gri content index table gri 2-4 requirements: req-12 assurance , description: if assurance has been provided over whether reported environmental information is in conformance with the cdsb framework, this shall be included in or cross-referenced to the statement of conformance of req-11., addressed in integrated sustainability report 2022: report period and scope report period and scope table end.
sasb real estate sector disclosure cdl supports the sustainability accounting standards board sasb standards by value reporting foundation.
it helps us communicate with businesses and investors on the financial impacts of sustainability by focusing on material sustainability information.
the tables below reference the standard for real estate sector as defined by sasb's sustainability industry classification system and identifies how cdl has addressed the sasb accounting metrics and activity metrics for the scope of cdl-owned and managed operations in singapore.
the sasb disclosures have been independently assured by ernst & young ey and the reasonable assurance statement can be found in cdl's integrated sustainability report 2022, pg 136 to 149. references to cdl's integrated sustainability report 2022 have been made to provide more details.
table: energy consumption data by property subsector 2019-2021 sasb sustainability disclosure topic: energy management, sasb code: if-re-130a.1, accounting metric: energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of total floor area, by property subsector % , property subsector: office, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: industrial, 2019: 48.9%, 2020: 48.9%, 2021: 48.9% sasb code: if-re-130a.2, accounting metric: total energy consumed by portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector gigajoules , property subsector: office, 2019: 162,610, 2020: 132,543, 2021: 117,106 property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 104,027, 2020: 89,881, 2021: 93,386 property subsector: industrial, 2019: 3,307, 2020: 3,448, 2021: 3,169 sasb code: if-re-130a.3, accounting metric: total energy consumed by percentage grid electricity, by property subsector % , property subsector: office, 2019: 99.9%, 2020: 99.8%, 2021: 100.0% property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 100%, 2020: 99.9%, 2021: 99.9% property subsector: industrial, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% sasb code: if-re-130a.4, accounting metric: total energy consumed by percentage renewable, by property subsector % , property subsector: office, 2019: 2.7%, 2020: 4.6%, 2021: 4.6% property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 2.9%, 2020: 4.8%, 2021: 0.3% property subsector: industrial, 2019: 2.6%, 2020: 4.6%, 2021: 0.0% accounting metric: like-for-like percentage change in energy consumption for the portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector % , property subsector: office, 2020: 86%, 2021: 88.4% property subsector: shopping centre, 2020: 86%, 2021: 103.9% property subsector: industrial, 2020: 104%, 2021: 91.9% accounting metric: percentage of eligible portfolio that has an energy rating, by property subsector % , property subsector: office, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: industrial, 2019: 0%, 2020: 0%, 2021: 31% accounting metric: percentage of eligible portfolio that is certified to energy star®, by property subsector % , property subsector: office property subsector: shopping centre property subsector: industrial table end.
notes: not applicable to singapore for energy star® certification.
sasb real estate sector disclosure energy management cdl takes a holistic view towards energy reduction by adopting initiatives that maximize energy efficiency, increase energy conservation, and promote the use of renewable energy.
cdl's lifecycle approach in energy management ensures measures are applied across our key business units and at various stages in a building's lifecycle.
each business unit adheres to established guidelines that detail the strategic initiatives, performance standards, and specific requirements relating to energy efficiency and climate change mitigation measures.
in addition, cdl conducts due diligence exercises for acquired properties, which cover environmental assessment.
we also consider if the property has any green certificates during the acquisition stage.
more details can be found in cdl's integrated sustainability report 2022, under “decarbonising towards net zero”.
water management water withdrawal data coverage water withdrawal data coverage as a percentage of total floor area, by property subsector % : office: 2019: 28.5% 2020: 29.7% 2021: 29.6% shopping centre: 2019: 36.9% 2020: 36.9% 2021: 36.8% industrial: 2019: 23.5% 2020: 23.5% 2021: 23.4% water withdrawal data coverage as a percentage of total floor area in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress, by property subsector % : office: 100% 2019, 2020, 2021 shopping centre: 100% 2019, 2020, 2021 industrial: 100% 2019, 2020, 2021 total water withdrawn by portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector cubic meters : office: 2019: 254,380 2020: 162,577 2021: 125,733 shopping centre: 2019: 141,582 2020: 87,774 2021: 89,279 industrial: 2019: 8,752 2020: 7,635 2021: 8,275 total water withdrawn by percentage in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress, by property subsector % : office: 100% 2019, 2020, 2021 shopping centre: 100% 2019, 2020, 2021 industrial: 100% 2019, 2020, 2021 like-for-like percentage change in water withdrawn for portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector % : office: 2020: 68% 2021: 77% shopping centre: 2020: 62% 2021: 102% industrial: 2020: 87% 2021: 108% headquartered in water-scarce singapore, cdl recognizes that water supply to the company's core activities is especially vital as our operations are water-intensive and highly dependent on a reliable supply of water.
therefore, cdl takes a holistic approach towards water management to maintain and enhance the efficiency, resilience, desirability and long-term value of our assets and developments.
our water management guidelines direct the strategies and practices throughout the lifecycle of our assets — from design and development to operation — and are embraced by the relevant business units.
more details can be found in cdl's integrated sustainability report 2022, under "decarbonising towards net zero".
sasb real estate sector disclosure table: management of tenant sustainability impacts sasb sustainability disclosure topic: management of tenant sustainability impacts , sasb code: if-re-410a.1, accounting metric: percentage of new leases that contain a cost recovery clause for resource efficiency-related capital improvements, by property subsector % , property subsector: office, 2019: 0%, 2020: 0%, 2021: 0% property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 0%, 2020: 0%, 2021: 0% property subsector: industrial, 2019: 0%, 2020: 0%, 2021: 0% accounting metric: associated leased floor area, of new leases that contain a cost recovery clause for resource efficiency-related capital improvements, by property subsector sq.
ft , property subsector: office, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 property subsector: industrial, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 sasb code: if-re-410a.2, accounting metric: percentage of tenants that are separately metered or submetered for grid electricity consumption, by property subsector % ¹, property subsector: office, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: industrial, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% sasb code: if-re-410a.3, accounting metric: percentage of tenants that are separately metered or submetered for water withdrawals, by property subsector % , property subsector: office, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: shopping centre, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% property subsector: industrial, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100% accounting metric: discussion of approach to measuring, incentivising and improving sustainability impacts of tenants table end.
cdl's green lease partnership programme encourages our tenants to reduce their environmental footprint and has achieved a 100% participation rate for retail and office tenants.
tenants also have access to a digital energy monitoring portal through a partnership with tuas power, which provides near real-time updates of energy consumption to tenants, allowing them to better track and manage their energy usage.
over the years, we have also been actively engaging tenants in cdl's corporate sustainability and outreach programmes to raise the level of awareness and adoption of green practices at work and at home.
one example is our partnership with pub to commemorate world water day 2021. more details can be found in cdl's integrated sustainability report 2022, under "determined to create a fair, safe & inclusive business environment".
¹this excludes tenants that rent kiosks in the common area, and the interim periods needed for new tenants to carry out fit-out works and register their electrical accounts with the grid electricity provider.
sasb real estate sector disclosure: climate change adaptation sasb sustainability disclosure topic: climate change adaptation sasb code: if-re-450a.1, if-re-450a.2 accounting metric: area of properties located in 100-year flood zones by property subsector net leasable area, in sq.
ft ² property subsector: office, shopping centre, industrial table: area of properties in 100-year flood zones sq.
ft year: 2019, office: 0, shopping centre: 0, industrial: 0 year: 2020, office: 0, shopping centre: 0, industrial: 0 year: 2021, office: 0, shopping centre: 0, industrial: 0 table end.
climate change risk exposure analysis since 2018, cdl has been identifying and managing our climate risks and opportunities through a climate change scenario analysis study based on tcfd recommended disclosures.
the first study was conducted in 2018 under 2°c and 4°c warmer scenarios by 2030 for our three core businesses – development properties, investment properties and hotel operations – in singapore, china and the uk.
in response to the ipcc special report on a 1.5°c warming future, a second climate change scenario study was initiated in 2019 and completed in 2020, wherein the scope was extended to cover a 1.5°c scenario and additional markets in the us.
in 2021, we commenced our third climate change scenario analysis based on 2°c and 1.5°c warmer scenarios.
this study is in response to major shifts in the decarbonisation regulatory landscape in singapore and globally as well as prolonged impacts from covid-19 on climate change.
as such, cdl has further expanded our geographical scope to include assets in new zealand.
this study is in progress.
as a result of the completed analyses, the physical and transition risks, as well as the degree of each risk type, were assessed and classified into categories that are explicitly linked to financial impacts as provided by tcfd.
risk mitigation measures were identified and incorporated into our operations through business risk management under cdl’s enterprise risk management erm framework, interim performance-tracking against our 2030 goals under the cdl future value 2030 sustainability blueprint, and continuous refinement of environmental management systems and carbon performance metrics in accordance with global standards including the greenhouse gas protocol and iso 14064. more details can be found in cdl’s integrated sustainability report 2022 under "decarbonising towards net zero" and "tcfd disclosure".
notes: 1. as 100-year flood zones is a us definition and unavailable in singapore, flood zones defined by the pub, singapore's national flood and drainage management agency have been used instead.
the flood zones are identified through referencing pub's live map of flood-prone areas, and latest updated lists of flood-prone areas and flood hotspots as at 31 december 2021. table 2: activity metrics sasb code: if-re-000.a, activity metric: number of assets, by property subsector, managed building type: office, 2019: 93, 2020: 84, 2021: 8 managed building type: shopping centre, 2019: 2, 2020: 2, 2021: 2 managed building type: industrial, 2019: 3, 2020: 3, 2021: 3 sasb code: if-re-000.b, activity metric: leasable floor area, by property subsector sq.
ft , managed building type: office, 2019: 2,062,850, 2020: 1,776,750, 2021: 1,778,178 managed building type: shopping centre, 2019: 487,713, 2020: 487,718, 2021: 487,829 managed building type: industrial, 2019: 390,811, 2020: 390,867, 2021: 391,081 sasb code: if-re-000.c, activity metric: percentage of indirectly managed assets, by property subsector % , managed building type: office, 2019: 0%, 2020: 0%, 2021: 0% managed building type: shopping centre, 2019: 0%, 2020: 0%, 2021: 0% managed building type: industrial, 2019: 0%, 2020: 0%, 2021: 0% sasb code: if-re-000.d, activity metric: average occupancy rate, by property subsector, managed building type: all table end.
note: the average occupancy rate data is not publicly reported as it is commercially sensitive and confidential.
table 3: ftse-nareit classification of property subsectors no.: 1, cdl property asset: central mall conservation, classification code: n742, classification category: office no.: 2, cdl property asset: central mall office tower, classification code: n742, classification category: office no.: 3, cdl property asset: cideco industrial complex, classification code: n741, classification category: industrial no.: 4, cdl property asset: city house, classification code: n742, classification category: office no.: 5, cdl property asset: city industrial building, classification code: n741, classification category: industrial no.: 6, cdl property asset: city square mall, classification code: n761, classification category: shopping centre no.: 7, cdl property asset: fuji xerox towers, classification code: n742, classification category: office no.: 8, cdl property asset: king's centre, classification code: n742, classification category: office no.: 9, cdl property asset: palais renaissance, classification code: n742, classification category: office no.: 10, cdl property asset: quayside isle, classification code: n761, classification category: shopping centre no.: 11, cdl property asset: republic plaza, classification code: n742, classification category: office no.: 12, cdl property asset: tagore 23 warehouse, classification code: n741, classification category: industrial no.: 13, cdl property asset: tampines concourse, classification code: n742, classification category: office table end.
note: manulife centre was divested in early jan 2019, hence it was removed from the reporting scope in 2019. tampines grande was divested in mid-2019, hence it was removed from the reporting scope in 2020. report period and scope this is cdl's 15th integrated sustainability report.
it represents our latest annual publication dedicated to providing information on financial, governance, social and environmental performance that are material to cdl's business and stakeholders.
this report contains a full year's data from 1 january to 31 december 2021 and focuses primarily on operations wholly-owned and directly managed by cdl's headquarters in singapore.
cdl's operations in this report cover corporate office, managed buildings and construction sites in singapore, and exclude hotel properties, unless otherwise stated.
following the inclusion of carbon emissions data of our key subsidiaries since 2015, we have further expanded the reporting scope to include their energy and water usage data.
these six subsidiaries are: cbm pte ltd cdl hospitality trusts city serviced offices le grove serviced residences tower club singapore hotels owned and managed by millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c monetary values in this report are presented in singapore dollars, which is cdl's functional currency.
where possible, we have provided up to five years of historical data for comparison.
cdl voluntarily discloses the information as we believe in upholding the principles of corporate transparency, disclosure, and communication with our stakeholders.
for additional information on our comprehensive initiatives on sustainability, please refer to our sustainability microsite: www.cdlsustainability.com.
report content in each reporting cycle, cdl's sustainability committee reviews the content of the report for accuracy, completeness and balanced reporting.
efforts are also made to ensure that current and emerging material issues pertaining to sustainability and the interests of our stakeholders are addressed.
the bsc reviews and approves the report before it is published.
other operational committees oversee existing management systems and certifications such as the iso 14001 environmental management system, iso 50001 energy management system, iso 45001 occupational health and safety and singapore quality class.
relevant esg targets and key performance indicators are established, tracked, and disclosed within this report.
in line with our steadfast commitment to align cdl's environmental practices with international best practices, cdl became the first singapore developer in 2016 to validate our greenhouse gas emissions data against iso 14064 greenhouse gases for greenhouse gas verification.
our report continues to integrate iso 26000:2010 guidance on social responsibility, and the company actively promotes compliance with internationally adopted standards and regulations in the fields of occupational standards, environmental protection and the fight against corruption.
reporting principles and standards this report has been prepared in accordance with the gri standards and its latest universal standards 2021. its reporting principles are: accuracy: reporting information that is correct and sufficiently detailed to allow an assessment of the organisation's impacts.
balance: report information in an unbiased way and provide a fair representation of the organisation's negative and positive impacts.
clarity: presenting information in a way that is accessible and understandable.
comparability: selecting, compiling, and reporting information consistently to enable an analysis of changes in the organisation's impacts over time and an analysis of these impacts relative to those of other organisations.
completeness: providing sufficient information to enable an assessment of the organisation's impacts during the reporting period.
sustainability context: reporting information about its impacts in the wider context of sustainable development.
timeliness: reporting information on a regular schedule and making it available in time for information users to make decisions.
verifiability: gathering, recording, compiling, and analysing information in such a way that the information can be examined to establish its quality.
for the gri content index - essentials service, gri reviewed that disclosures 2-1, 2-2, 2-3, 2-4, 2-5, 3-1 and 3-2 are correctly located in both the gri content index and in the text of the final report when it is published.
this report continues to adopt the international integrated reporting council's iirc integrated reporting framework by connecting esg performance with business and financial impact for more meaningful and all-rounded corporate reporting.
centred around six capitals—financial, organisational, natural, manufactured, human, and social and relationship—this approach aims to present a holistic picture to our investors and stakeholders on how the interrelation between our business and sustainability performance leads to long-term value creation.
in stepping report period and scope up our climate-related disclosures, cdl's tcfd and sasb real estate sector disclosures have been expanded substantially since 2020 and are available in the annexes of this report.
the environmental information in this report has been prepared and reported according to the guiding principles and requirements of the cdsb framework.
this report is also prepared in accordance with the sustainability reporting requirements set out in the listing manual of the singapore exchange securities trading limited “sgx-st” rules 711a and 711b . committed to ungc's ten principles, cdl has been a signatory to the ungc since 2005 and is engaged at the 'participant' level since 2019. this report also serves as our communication on progress cop conducted by ungc annually.
details are available at www.unglobalcompact.org.
this report is also aligned with relevant performance indicators of key sustainability benchmarks such as cdp, djsi, ftse4good, global 100, gresb, and msci.
our carbon footprint is calculated in accordance with the greenhouse gas protocol, developed by the world resources institute and the world business council on sustainable development.
the greenhouse gas protocol supplies the world's most widely used greenhouse gas accounting standards.
in addition to the greenhouse gas protocol, our carbon emissions are also calculated based on the carbonneutral® protocol, a set of guidelines to meet the global standard for managing our offset-inclusive programmes.
the protocol includes requirements for greenhouse gas assessments, emissions reduction planning, carbon credit eligibility, management of carbon credits through registration and retirement, and communication of carbonneutral® programmes.
we use an operational consolidation approach to determine organisational boundaries.
for example, our carbon and energy data include only the distribution impacts.
data is consolidated from a number of sources, including our project sites and fuel use information, and is analysed centrally.
our baseline year is 2007 and our emissions are independent of any greenhouse gas trades.
external assurance this report continues to be externally assured to validate the accuracy and reliability of its content.
ernst & young llp ey was engaged to provide independent reasonable assurance of this report against the gri standards for sustainability reporting and the construction & real estate sector supplement and sasb disclosures; and independent limited assurance for cdsb framework with the exception of principle 1 on materiality and tcfd reporting.
the assurance covered figures and statements found in this report that are related to the subject matters approved by cdl's chief sustainability officer and board sustainability committee and agreed upon as per the assurance statement.
ey reviewed the underlying systems and processes that support the subject matters in this report.
the assurance is in accordance with isae 3000 assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information.
the assurance, including the scope of work and conclusions, can be found in the assurance statement on pages xxx to xxx.
in line with our steadfast commitment to align cdl's environmental practices with international best practices, cdl's 2021 greenhouse gas emissions data continue to be verified against iso 14064 by lloyd's register quality assurance ltd.
lrqa in accordance with the requirements of iso 14064-1.
lrqa's assurance statement on the greenhouse gas report prepared by cdl, can be found on pages xxx to xxx.
accessibility this report is only available in a digital version.
current and previous editions are available at www.cdlsustainability.com.
feedback channel feedback from our stakeholders is vital for us to continually improve our reporting and sustainability practices.
we welcome your views, comments or feedback, which may be directed to: ms esther an chief sustainability officer city developments limited 9 raffles place, 36-00 republic plaza, singapore 048619 email: sustainability@cdl.com.sg notes: the image includes references to tcfd, cdsb, sasb disclosures, gri standards, and iso 14064. page numbers xxx to xxx are redacted in the original image.
key performance summary legal compliance indicator: convicted cases of corruption, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: convicted cases of fraud, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: convicted cases involving product responsibility, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: convicted cases involving anti-competitive behaviour, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: ehs related fines: cdl managed properties, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 2, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 2, 2021: 1 indicator: ehs related fines: cdl construction sites, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 4, 2018: 5, 2019: 10, 2020: 8, 2021: 3 indicator: total amount of fines, unit of measurement: $, 2017: 22,400, 2018: 21,100, 2019: 48,000, 2020: 73,500, 2021: 25,200 table end.
environment i. energy usage indicator: corporate office, unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 651, 2018: 527, 2019: 450, 2020: 331, 2021: 326 indicator: managed buildings total energy , unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 44,368, 2018: 42,485, 2019: 39,278, 2020: 33,125, 2021: 30,764 indicator: construction sites total energy , unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 5,733, 2018: 4,538, 2019: 9,956, 2020: 7,100, 2021: 13,756 indicator: renewable energy solar + rec , unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 213, 2018: 1,140, 2019: 2,065, 2020: 2,938, 2021: 1,870 indicator: subsidiaries - cbm, unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 132, 2018: 607, 2019: 940, 2020: 966, 2021: 1,025 indicator: subsidiaries - cdl hospitality trusts cdlht , unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 41,501, 2018: 40,657, 2019: 44,800, 2020: 33,168, 2021: 47,459 indicator: city serviced offices, unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 433, 2018: 381, 2019: 325, 2020: 202, 2021: 190 indicator: le grove serviced residences le grove , unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 5, 2018: 1,045, 2019: 2,084, 2020: 1,990, 2021: 2,041 indicator: tower club, unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 983, 2018: 1,008, 2019: 1,017, 2020: 762, 2021: 790 indicator: millennium & copthorne hotels limited m&c , unit of measurement: megawatt-hours, 2017: 507,724, 2018: 492,784, 2019: 546,560, 2020: 347,230, 2021: 330,439 table end.
ii.
water usage indicator: corporate office, unit of measurement: cubic meters, 2017: 2,857, 2018: 2,898, 2019: 4,067, 2020: 2,404, 2021: 1,814 indicator: managed buildings, unit of measurement: cubic meters, 2017: 339,143, 2018: 311,533, 2019: 313,507, 2020: 191,164, 2021: 170,697 indicator: construction sites, unit of measurement: cubic meters, 2017: 158,765, 2018: 28,999, 2019: 69,462, 2020: 94,546, 2021: 120,155 indicator: conserved water construction sites , unit of measurement: cubic meters, 2017: 21,004, 2018: 48,800, 2019: 90,010, 2020: 20,385, 2021: 70,236 indicator: use of newater instead of potable water, unit of measurement: cubic meters, 2017: 119,242, 2018: 122,858, 2019: 87,140, 2020: 64,417, 2021: 52,589 table end.
notes : 1. energy from fuel consumption has been included in data from 2018 onwards.
2. operations of ingensys was added upon acquisition by cbm in 2019. 3. cbm and le grove's 2020 values were corrected to include fuel consumption for vehicles.
4. le grove serviced residences was closed for renovation from december 2016 to july 2018. 5. estimated numbers were used for corporate office water usage in 2018 and january to march 2019 due to the ongoing efforts of installing water meters in cdl corporate office, having relocated from city house to republic plaza.
water consumption data from april 2019 was taken from installed water meters.
6. since corporate office's water use data is reported separately, the water use figures for corporate office have been separated from managed buildings to avoid double counting.
key performance summary table: key performance indicators 2017-2021 indicator: subsidiaries , unit of measurement: $meter^3$, 2017: 493,028, 2018: 514,207, 2019: 353,202, 2020: 239,622, 2021: 299,647 indicator: cdlht, unit of measurement: $meter^3$, 2017: -, 2018: 11,638, 2019: 31,229, 2020: 19,002, 2021: 19,728 indicator: le grove, unit of measurement: $meter^3$, 2017: 7,235, 2018: 7,692, 2019: 8,860, 2020: 5,685, 2021: 5,268 indicator: tower club, unit of measurement: $meter^3$, 2017: 4,582,223, 2018: 4,445,746, 2019: 4,441,932, 2020: 2,888,659, 2021: 3,004,369 indicator: iii.
waste disposed indicator: corporate office, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, 2017: 17, 2018: 17, 2019: 15, 2020: 7, 2021: 3 indicator: managed buildings, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, 2017: 4,425, 2018: 4,220, 2019: 3,929, 2020: 2,930, 2021: 3,121 indicator: construction sites, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, 2017: 3,796, 2018: 1,345, 2019: 3,031, 2020: 3,878, 2021: 6,914 indicator: iv.
waste recycled indicator: corporate office, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, 2017: n/a, 2018: n/a, 2019: 3, 2020: 2, 2021: 3 indicator: managed buildings, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, 2017: 730, 2018: 693, 2019: 739, 2020: 567, 2021: 551 indicator: construction sites, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, 2017: 1,350, 2018: 1,180, 2019: 5,160, 2020: 2,808, 2021: 4,546 indicator: v. greenhouse gas emissions indicator: corporate office - scope 1, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 31, 2018: 22, 2019: 19, 2020: 6, 2021: 4 indicator: corporate office - scope 2, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 224, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: corporate office - scope 3, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 492, 2018: 410, 2019: 459, 2020: 155, 2021: 79 indicator: managed buildings - scope 1, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 599, 2018: 1,524, 2019: 383, 2020: 1,449, 2021: 2,642 indicator: managed buildings - scope 2, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 18,682, 2018: 17,488, 2019: 15,715, 2020: 12,405, 2021: 11,906 indicator: managed buildings - scope 3, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 3,614, 2018: 3,112, 2019: 2,973, 2020: 2,330, 2021: 2,043 indicator: construction sites - scope 1, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: construction sites - scope 2, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: construction sites - scope 3, unit of measurement: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e, 2017: 2,147, 2018: 1,277, 2019: 2,780, 2020: 2,405, 2021: 4,076 indicator: vi.
total suspended solids , unit of measurement: mg/litre, 2017: 5,370, 2018: 112, 2019: 45, 2020: 49, 2021: 40 table end.
notes: cbm and cso are tenants within a building and water provided by their landlords is not metered separately.
le grove serviced residences was closed for renovation from december 2016 to july 2018. since corporate office waste data is reported separately, the waste figures for corporate office have been separated from managed buildings to avoid duplication.
a more accurate value of waste disposed for piermont grand was obtained.
hence, the values in 2019 and 2020 were adjusted to reflect the new total.
scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions reflected from 2018 onwards are reported using a market-based method to account for the procured energy attribute certificates.
carbon emissions arising from the construction activity carried out by builders are under scope 3 carbon emissions to align with sector classification of gri business activity group descriptions as recommended by the sbti.
figures show the highest recorded total suspended solids tss recorded across active construction sites for the reporting year.
key performance summary health and safety indicator: i. fatalities , unit of measurement: number, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: ii.
occupational diseases , unit of measurement: number, 2017: 0, 2018: 0, 2019: 0, 2020: 0, 2021: 0 indicator: iii.
lost-time injury frequency rate 12 , unit of measurement: number of workplace accidents per million manhours worked, 2017: 2.4, 2018: 1.3, 2019: 1.3, 2020: 2.6 13 , 2021: 6.8 2017: 1.1, 2018: 0.9, 2019: 2.9 2017: 0.13, 2018: 0.4, 2019: 0.3, 2020: 0.4, 2021: 0.9 indicator: iv.
injury rate 14 , unit of measurement: wir: number of fatal and non-fatal workplace injuries per 100,000 persons employed, 2017: 505, 2018: 250, 2019: major ir: 0 minor ir: 253, 2020: major ir: 0 minor ir: 243, 2021: major ir: 0 minor ir: 0 indicator: corporate office indicator: managed buildings , 2017: 311, 2018: 255, 2019: major ir: 0 minor ir: 713, 2020: major ir: 0 minor ir: 613, 2021: major ir: 0 minor ir: 604 indicator: construction sites , 2017: 33, 2018: 117, 2019: major ir: 0 minor ir: 52, 2020: major ir: 0 minor ir: 135, 2021: major ir: 47 minor ir: 142 table end.
human capital and development table: human capital and development data 2017-2021 indicator: total number of employees, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 392, 2018: 400, 2019: 403, 2020: 415, 2021: 408 indicator: full-time female employees, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 269, 2018: 274, 2019: 274, 2020: 282, 2021: 279 indicator: full-time male employees, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 121, 2018: 122, 2019: 127, 2020: 130, 2021: 127 indicator: part-time female employees, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 1, 2018: 2, 2019: 1, 2020: 1, 2021: 2 indicator: part-time male employees, unit of measurement: number, 2017: 1, 2018: 2, 2019: 1, 2020: 2, 2021: 1 indicator: female hods, unit of measurement: %, 2017: 38, 2018: 50, 2019: 52, 2020: 55, 2021: 15 indicator: male hods, unit of measurement: %, 2017: 62, 2018: 50, 2019: 48, 2020: 45, 2021: 17 indicator: employee resignation rate, unit of measurement: %, 2017: 16.0, 2018: 17.3, 2019: 16.1, 2020: 7.0, 2021: 14.0 indicator: employee involuntary turnover rate, unit of measurement: %, 2017: 4.3, 2018: 4.1, 2019: 3.8, 2020: 4.1, 2021: 4.7 table end.
12 lost-time injury frequency rate; cdl had previously reported accident frequency rate afr as defined by mom.
13 this value has been revised in alignment with what was previously reported in isr 2021 section, "achieving a fair, safe and inclusive business environment".
14 to provide more data granularity, from 2019, we reported major and minor injury rates ir instead of the previously reported workplace injury rate wir . key performance summary employee training unit of measurement: average days per employee per year rounded up 2017: 4 2018: 4 2019: 4 2020: 6 2021: 5 social impact employee participation rate: 2017: 90% 2018: 94% 2019: 88% 2020: 28% 2021: 28% employee volunteer manhours: 2017: 3,140 hours of training per employee 2018: 2,899 hours of training per employee 2019: 2,277 hours of training per employee 2020: 322 hours of training per employee 2021: 352 hours of training per employee financial table: financial key performance indicators 2017-2021 indicator: revenue, unit: $ millions, 2017: 3,829, 2018: 4,223, 2019: 3,429, 2020: 2,108, 2021: 2,626 indicator: tax paid, unit: $ millions, 2017: 162, 2018: 211, 2019: 244, 2020: 76, 2021: 100 indicator: staff costs, unit: $ millions, 2017: 831, 2018: 850, 2019: 887, 2020: 517, 2021: 542 indicator: profit/ loss before tax, unit: $ millions, 2017: 763, 2018: 876, 2019: 754, 2020: 1,791 , 2021: 228 indicator: profit for the year attributable to owners of the company patmi , unit: $ millions, 2017: 522, 2018: 557, 2019: 565, 2020: 1,917 , 2021: 98 indicator: return on equity, unit: %, 2017: 5.6, 2018: 5.6, 2019: 5.4, 2020: 22.5 , 2021: 1.2 indicator: net asset value per share, unit: $, 2017: 10.33, 2018: 11.07, 2019: 11.60, 2020: 9.38, 2021: 9.28 indicator: basic earnings per share, unit: $, 2017: 56.0 singapore cents, 2018: 59.9 singapore cents, 2019: 60.8 singapore cents, 2020: 212.8 singapore cents, 2021: 9.3 singapore cents indicator: ordinary dividend per share - final, unit: $, 2017: 8.0 singapore cents, 2018: 8.0 singapore cents, 2019: 8.0 singapore cents, 2020: 8.0 singapore cents, 2021: 8.0 singapore cents indicator: ordinary dividend per share - special interim, unit: $, 2017: 4.0 singapore cents, 2018: 6.0 singapore cents, 2019: 6.0 singapore cents, 2020: 3.0 singapore cents, 2021: 10.0 singapore cents indicator: ordinary dividend per share - special final, unit: $, 2017: 6.0 singapore cents, 2018: 6.0 singapore cents, 2019: 6.0 singapore cents, 2020: 4.0 singapore cents, 2021: - indicator: distribution in specie of units in cdl hospitality trusts, unit: $, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: -, 2021: 19.1 singapore cents indicator: cash and bank balances including restricted deposits , unit: $ millions, 2017: 3,990, 2018: 2,512, 2019: 3,084, 2020: 3,237, 2021: 2,191 indicator: net borrowings, unit: $ millions, 2017: 1,047, 2018: 3,830, 2019: 6,851, 2020: 8,589, 2021: 9,231 indicator: net gearing ratio, unit: %, 2017: 9, 2018: 31, 2019: 61, 2020: 93, 2021: 99 indicator: net gearing ratio if fair value gains on investment properties are taken into consideration, unit: %, 2017: 7, 2018: 23, 2019: 43, 2020: 62, 2021: 61 indicator: interest cover ratio, unit: times, 2017: 13.5, 2018: 14.9, 2019: 14.0, 2020: 3.4, 2021: 3.0 table end.
notes: 15: final and special final tax-exempt one-tier ordinary dividends proposed for the financial year ended 31 december 2021 will be subject to the approval of the ordinary shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
16: illustrative valuation based on cdlht unit price of $1.20.
17: excludes fair value gains on investment properties as the group's accounting policy is to state its investment properties at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
18: exclude non-cash impairment losses on investment properties and property, plant and equipment, and net loss from sincere property group.
19: exclude non-cash reversal of impairment losses on investment properties and property, plant and equipment, net loss from sincere group, and negative goodwill on acquisition of subsidiaries.
breakdown of environmental performance in 2021 greenhouse gas emissions performance from cdl's construction sites project size: gfa 80,000m², number of projects: 1, site bid price $mil : 509, manhours worked hr : 2,434,279, greenhouse gas emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 1,548, greenhouse gas intensity kgco₂e/$mil/year : 3,039, greenhouse gas intensity kgco₂e/hr/year : 0.64 project size: gfa <80,000m², number of projects: 6, site bid price $mil : 2,955, manhours worked hr : 5,170,491, greenhouse gas emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 2,528, greenhouse gas intensity kgco₂e/$mil/year : 855, greenhouse gas intensity kgco₂e/hr/year : 0.49 table end.
greenhouse gas emissions performance from cdl's managed buildings type of building: office, number of buildings: 8, floor area m² : 165,198, scope 1: 1,522, scope 2 location-based: 7,940, scope 2 market-based: 7,332, scope 3: 1,290, total location-based: 10,752, total market-based: 10,145, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year location-based: 65.08, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year market-based: 61.41 type of building: retail, number of buildings: 2, floor area m² : 45,321, scope 1: 1,120, scope 2 location-based: 4,465, scope 2 market-based: 4,465, scope 3: 733, total location-based: 6,318, total market-based: 6,318, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year location-based: 139.41, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year market-based: 139.41 type of building: industrial, number of buildings: 3, floor area m² : 36,333, scope 1: 0, scope 2 location-based: 108, scope 2 market-based: 108, scope 3: 20, total location-based: 129, total market-based: 129, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year location-based: 3.54, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year market-based: 3.54 type of building: total , number of buildings: 13, floor area m² : 246,852, scope 1: 2,642, scope 2 location-based: 12,513, scope 2 market-based: 11,906, scope 3: 2,043, total location-based: 17,198, total market-based: 16,591, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year location-based: 69.67, greenhouse gas intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter/year market-based: 67.21 table end.
energy and water performance from cdl's managed buildings type of building: office, number of buildings: 8, floor area m² : 165,198, energy consumption kilowatt-hours : 19,473,242, energy intensity kilowatt-hours/m²/year : 117.88, potable water consumption cubic meters : 73,144, potable water intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 0.44, newater consumption cubic meters : 52,589, newater intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 0.32 type of building: retail, number of buildings: 2, floor area m² : 45,321, energy consumption kilowatt-hours : 11,025,811, energy intensity kilowatt-hours/m²/year : 243.28, potable water consumption cubic meters : 89,279, potable water intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 1.97, newater consumption cubic meters : 0, newater intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 0.00 type of building: industrial, number of buildings: 3, floor area m² : 36,333, energy consumption kilowatt-hours : 265,232, energy intensity kilowatt-hours/m²/year : 7.30, potable water consumption cubic meters : 8,275, potable water intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 0.23, newater consumption cubic meters : 0, newater intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 0.00 type of building: total , number of buildings: 13, floor area m² : 246,852, energy consumption kilowatt-hours : 30,764,284, energy intensity kilowatt-hours/m²/year : 124.63, potable water consumption cubic meters : 170,697, potable water intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 0.69, newater consumption cubic meters : 52,589, newater intensity cubic meters per square meter/year : 0.21 table end.
iso 14064 reasonable assurance statement relating to the greenhouse gas report prepared by city developments limited for calendar year 2021 terms of engagement this assurance statement has been prepared for city developments limited.
lrqa limited singapore branch lrqa was commissioned by city developments limited cdl to assure its greenhouse gas emissions inventory declared in the greenhouse gas report for the calendar year 2021 hereafter referred to as "the greenhouse gas report" for its singapore operations.
the greenhouse gas report relates to direct greenhouse gas emissions and energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions and other indirect greenhouse gas emissions arising from construction main contractors' activities fuel used in power generators and heavy vehicles, purchased electricity, electricity upstream emissions and transmission losses and water usage for property development operations, electricity upstream emissions, distribution and transmission losses, local and international courier services, employee commute, overseas business travel excluding the influence of radiative forcing and overseas hotel accommodations, water supply and water treatment for corporate office and asset management operations, summarised in table 1 below.
management responsibility cdl's management was responsible for preparing the greenhouse gas report and for maintaining effective internal controls over the data and information disclosed.
lrqa's responsibility was to carry out an assurance engagement on the greenhouse gas report in accordance with our contract with cdl.
ultimately, the report has been approved by, and remains the responsibility of cdl.
lrqa's approach our verification has been conducted in accordance with iso 14064-3:2006, 'specification with guidance for validation and verification of greenhouse gas assertions' to provide reasonable assurance that greenhouse gas data as presented in the greenhouse gas report have been prepared in conformance with iso 14064-1:2006, 'specification with guidance at the organizational level for quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and removals'.
to form our conclusions the assurance engagement was undertaken as a sampling exercise and covered the following activities: conducted the site tour of the following "corporate office", "commercial buildings”, “industrial buildings" and remote verification of the following "property developments sites" located at the following addresses: corporate office located at 9, raffles place, republic plaza, 36-00, singapore 048619. industrial buildings: tagore 23 warehouse located at 23 tagore lane, singapore 787601, city industrial building located at 71, tannery lane, singapore 347807; commercial buildings: central mall office tower located at no.
1 magazine road, singapore 059567, city house located at 36 robinson road, singapore 068877, reviewed processes related to the control of greenhouse gas emissions data and records; reviewed the greenhouse gas report for conformance with iso 14046-1:2006; interviewed key personnel responsible for the management of greenhouse gas data and information and for the preparation of the greenhouse gas report at the above facilities; verified, on a sampling basis, the historical greenhouse gas emissions data and records included in the greenhouse gas report back to source for the calendar year 2021; verified the emission factors used that included 'average operating margin for electricity grid' factoring upstream fugitive methane emissions, transmission & distribution losses, purchase of renewable energy certificates, water supply and water treatment, diesel, petrol, refrigerant gases, business air travel excluding the influence of radiative forcing , overseas hotel accommodation and employee commuting with the source reference and confirmed its appropriateness.
level of assurance & materiality the opinion expressed in this assurance statement has been formed based on a reasonable level of assurance and at a materiality of 5%.
property development & project management sites: quayside isle located at 31 ocean way, sentosa cove, singapore 098375; whistler grand located at 105 west coast vale, singapore 126757, piermont grand / sumang walk ec located at punggol way, singapore 821314, irwell hill residences located at 2 irwell hill, singapore 239588; table: summary of cdl greenhouse gas emissions inventory / report 2021 scope of greenhouse gas emissions: direct greenhouse gas emissions scope 1 , tonnes co₂e: 2,645 scope of greenhouse gas emissions: energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions scope 2, location-based , tonnes co₂e: 12,640 scope of greenhouse gas emissions: energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions scope 2, market-based , tonnes co₂e: 11,906 scope of greenhouse gas emissions: other indirect greenhouse gas emissions scope 3 , tonnes co₂e: 6,199 table end.
lrqa's opinion based on lrqa's approach, the total direct greenhouse gas emissions and energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions and other indirect greenhouse gas emissions arising from construction main contractors' activities fuel used in power generators and heavy vehicles, purchased electricity, electricity upstream emissions and transmission losses and water usage for property development operations, electricity upstream emissions, distribution and transmission losses, local and international courier services, employee commute, overseas business travel excluding the influence of radiative forcing and overseas hotel accommodations, water supply and water treatment for corporate office and asset management operations, as disclosed in the greenhouse gas report and as summarized in table 1 above, are materially correct, and that the greenhouse gas report has been prepared in conformance with iso 14064-1:2006.
assurance statement details dated : 16 february 2022 lrqa lead verifier : cindy zhang, lrqa limited singapore branch 2 science park drive, 02-05/06, ascent, singapore 118222 on behalf of lrqa limited 1 trinity park, bickenhill lane, birmingham b37 7es, united kingdom lrqa reference number : sng6034635 legal section and copyright this assurance statement is subject to the provisions of this legal section.
lrqa group limited, its affiliates and subsidiaries and their respective officers, employees or agents are, individually and collectively, referred to in this clause as lrqa.
lrqa assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable to any person for any loss, damage or expense caused by reliance on the information or advice in this document or howsoever provided, unless that person has signed a contract with the relevant lrqa entity for the provision of this information or advice and in that case any responsibility or liability is exclusively on the terms and conditions set out in that contract.
the english version of this assurance statement is the only valid version.
lrqa assumes no responsibility for versions translated into other languages.
this assurance statement is only valid when published with the greenhouse gas report to which it refers.
it may only be reproduced in its entirety.
copyright © lrqa, 2022. independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb ey logo building a better working world independent reasonable assurance statement in connection with the subject matter included in the 2022 integrated sustainability report of city developments limited 'cdl' in connection with our engagement letter dated 7 september 2020 and addendums dated march 2021, december 2021 and march 2022, we have been engaged by cdl to perform a 'reasonable assurance engagement,' as defined by international standards on assurance engagements, hereafter referred to as the engagement, to report on cdl's selected sustainability information as detailed below the "subject matter" contained in cdl's integrated sustainability report 2022 covering the period from 1 january 2021 to 31 december 2021 the "report" . gri standards disclosures a highly critical material issues highly critical material issues: 1. climate resilience, mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 305-4 greenhouse gas emissions intensity, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. greenhouse gas emissions intensity ratio for the organization.
b. organization-specific metric the denominator chosen to calculate the ratio.
c. types of greenhouse gas emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct scope 1 , energy indirect scope 2 , and/or other indirect scope 3 . d. gases included in the calculation; whether co2, ch4, n2o, hfcs, pfcs, sf6, nf3, or all.
mapped gri standards disclosures: cre 3 greenhouse gas emissions intensity from buildings, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : 2.7. when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-4, the reporting organization shall: 2.7.1 calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute greenhouse gas emissions the numerator by the organization-specific metric the denominator ; 2.7.2 if reporting an intensity ratio for other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, report this intensity ratio separately from the intensity ratios for direct scope 1 and energy indirect scope 2 emissions.
2.1. identify the number and type of buildings, total annual greenhouse gas emissions kilograms co2 equivalent , and corresponding floor area in square meter or number of people using the building.
2.2. identify the method used to ensure that the annual kilograms co2 equivalent and floor area square meter , or numbers of persons, are consistent and accurate, thereby taking account of different landlord and tenant metering scenarios.
in particular, where the reporting organization does not have all energy consumption and associated greenhouse gas emissions data for a building 2.3. calculate, using data from 2.1: greenhouse gas emissions intensity = sum of annual kilograms co2 equivalent / sum of floor area m² or number of people 2.4. report greenhouse gas emissions intensity of buildings in use on unadjusted basis , based on calculation in 2.3, by: kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalent/m²/year; or kilograms co₂e/person/year.
2.5. report the methodology used to calculate the greenhouse gas emissions intensity from buildings.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb highly critical material issues mapped gri standards disclosures 1. climate resilience cre 4 2. energy efficiency and adoption of renewables gri 302-3 sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards 2.1. identify annual turnover millions and total annual greenhouse gas emissions total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂ equivalent . 2.2. calculate, using data from 2.1: greenhouse gas emissions intensity = sum of annual kilograms co₂ equivalent total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste / annual turnover from the construction activities millions 2.3. report greenhouse gas emissions intensity of construction activities: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/monetary value either by turnover or spend or value/year ; and other relevant greenhouse gas emissions intensity measures e.grams., per employee hour . 2.4. report how monetary value was identified.
2.5. report the methodology used to calculate the greenhouse gas emissions intensity.
a. energy intensity ratio for the organization.
b. organization-specific metric the denominator chosen to calculate the ratio.
c. types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
d. whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both.
2.5.1 calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute energy consumption the numerator by the organization-specific metric the denominator ; 2.5.2 if reporting an intensity ratio both for the energy consumed within the organization and outside of it, report these intensity ratios separately.
2.7. when compiling the information specified in disclosure 302-4, the reporting organization shall: a. amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples.
b. types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
c. basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.
d. standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
2.7.1 exclude reductions resulting from reduced production capacity or outsourcing; 2.7.2 describe whether energy reduction is estimated, modelled, or sourced from direct measurements.
if estimation or modelling is used, the organization shall disclose the methods used.
a. reductions in energy requirements of sold products and services achieved during the reporting period, in joules or multiples.
b. basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.
c. standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb highly critical material issues : 2. energy efficiency and adoption of renewables, mapped gri standards disclosures : cre 1 building energy intensity, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : 2.1. identify the number and type of buildings, total annual energy consumption in kilowatt-hours and corresponding floor area in m² , or number of persons using or visiting the buildings.
highly critical material issues : 3. innovation, mapped gri standards disclosures : cre 8, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : type and number of sustainability certification, rating and labeling schemes for new construction, management, occupation and redevelopment highly critical material issues : 4. stakeholder impact and partnerships, mapped gri standards disclosures : gri 201-1, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : α. direct economic value generated and distributed evg&d on an accruals basis, including the basic components for the organization's global operations as listed below.
if data are presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components: i. economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital, payments to government by country, and community investments; table end.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb highly critical material issues 4. stakeholder impact and partnerships mapped gri standards disclosures: non gri approach to stakeholder engagement incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services 5. product quality and responsibility mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 2-29 limiting the scope to "results of customer satisfaction surveys" gri 416-2 sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : number of volunteer hours of training per employee by employees.
describe its approach to engaging with stakeholders, including: the categories of stakeholders it engages with, and how they are identified; the purpose of the stakeholder engagement; how the organization seeks to ensure meaningful engagement with stakeholders.
total number of incidents of non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services within the reporting period, by: incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a fine or penalty; incidents of non-compliance with regulations resulting in a warning; incidents of non-compliance with voluntary codes.
if the organization has not identified any non-compliance with regulations and/or voluntary codes, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
when compiling the information specified in disclosure 416-2, the reporting organization shall: exclude incidents of non-compliance in which the organization was determined not to be at fault; exclude incidents of non-compliance related to labeling.
incidents related to labeling are reported in disclosure 417-2 of gri 417: marketing and labeling; if applicable, identify any incidents of non-compliance that relate to events in periods prior to the reporting period.
critical material issues 6. economic contribution to society mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 201-1 direct economic value generated and distributed sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : direct economic value generated and distributed evg&d on an accruals basis, including the basic components for the organization's global operations as listed below.
if data are presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components: economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital, payments to government by country, and community investments; 7. occupational health, safety and well-being mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 403-4 worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a description of the processes for worker participation and consultation in the development, implementation, and evaluation of the occupational health and safety management system, and for providing access to and communicating relevant information on occupational health and safety to workers.
where formal joint management-worker health and safety committees exist, a description of their responsibilities, meeting frequency, decision-making authority, and whether and, if so, why any workers are not represented by these committees.
7. occupational health, safety and well-being mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 403-8: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system gri 403-9: work-related injuries sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards if the organization has implemented an occupational health and safety management system based on legal requirements and/or recognized standards/guidelines: a. i. the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system; ii.
the number and percentage of all employees and workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by such a system that has been internally audited; iii.
whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
iv.
any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
b. for all employees: i. the number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury; ii.
the number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities ; iii.
the number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; iv.
the main types of work-related injury; v. the number of hours of training per employee worked.
c. for all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization: i. the number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury; ii.
the number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities ; iii.
the number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; iv.
the main types of work-related injury; v. the number of hours of training per employee worked.
d. the work-related hazards that pose a risk of high-consequence injury, including: i. how these hazards have been determined; ii.
which of these hazards have caused or contributed to high-consequence injuries during the reporting period; iii.
actions taken or underway to eliminate these hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
e. any actions taken or underway to eliminate other work-related hazards and minimize risks using the hierarchy of controls.
f. whether the rates have been calculated based on 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours of training per employee worked.
grams.
whether and, if so, why any workers have been excluded from this disclosure, including the types of worker excluded.
h. any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
7. occupational health, safety and well-being gri 403-9 work-related injuries sub-indicators under “shall” requirements referenced as per gri standards 2.1. when compiling the information specified in disclosure 403-9, the reporting organization shall: 2.1.1. exclude fatalities in the calculation of the number and rate of high-consequence work-related injuries; 2.1.2. include fatalities as a result of work-related injury in the calculation of the number and rate of recordable work-related injuries; 2.1.3. include injuries as a result of commuting incidents only where the transport has been organized by the organization; 2.1.4. calculate the rates based on either 200,000 or 1,000,000 hours of training per employee worked, using the following formulas: rate of fatalities as a result of work-related injury = number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury / number of hours of training per employee worked x 200,000 or 1,000,000 rate of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities = number of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities / number of hours of training per employee worked x 200,000 or 1,000,000 rate of recordable work-related injuries = number of recordable work-related injuries / number of hours of training per employee worked x 200,000 or 1,000,000 a. total water withdrawal from all areas in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable: i. surface water; ii.
groundwater; iii.
seawater; iv.
produced water; v. third-party water.
b. total water withdrawal from all areas with water stress in megaliters, and a breakdown of this total by the following sources, if applicable: i. surface water; ii.
groundwater; iii.
seawater; iv.
produced water; v. third-party water, and a breakdown of this total by the withdrawal sources listed in i-iv.
c. a breakdown of total water withdrawal from each of the sources listed in disclosures 303-3-a and 303-3-b in megaliters by the following categories: i. freshwater ≤1,000 mg/l total dissolved solids ; ii.
other water 1,000 mg/l total dissolved solids . d. any contextual information necessary to understand how the data have been compiled, such as any standards, methodologies, and assumptions used.
2.1. when compiling the information specified in disclosure 303-3, the reporting organization shall use publicly available and credible tools and methodologies for assessing water stress in an area.
8. water and waste management gri 303-3 water withdrawal independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb critical material issues 8. water and waste management mapped gri standards disclosures: building water intensity, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : 2.1. identify the number and type of buildings, total annual water consumption in liters or cubic meters and corresponding floor area in m² , or number of persons using or visiting the buildings.
sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : 2.2. identify the method used to ensure that annual liters or cubic meters of water consumption and floor area m² , or number of persons, are consistent and accurate, thereby taking account of different landlord and tenant metering scenarios.
sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : 2.3. calculate, using data from 2.1: building water intensity = sum of annual volume in litres or cubic meters water consumption / sum of floor area m² or number of persons sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : 2.4. report water intensity of buildings in use on unadjusted basis , based on calculation in 2.3, by: liters/person/year; or cubic meters per square meter/year.
sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : 2.5. report the methodology used to calculate the water intensity of the building in use and adjusted intensity indicator.
mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 306-3 waste generated, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. total weight of waste generated in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.
b. contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.
mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 306-4 waste diverted from disposal, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. total weight of waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.
b. total weight of hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following recovery operations: i. preparation for reuse ii.
recycling iii.
other recovery operations c. total weight of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following recovery operations: i. preparation for reuse ii.
recycling iii.
other recovery operations d. for each recovery operation listed in disclosures 306-4-b and 306-4-c, a breakdown of the total weight in metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal: i. onsite ii.
offsite e. contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb 8. water and waste management gri 306-5 waste directed to disposal a. total weight of waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.
b. total weight of hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following disposal operations: i. incineration with energy recovery ii.
incineration without energy recovery iii.
landfilling iv.
other disposal operations c. total weight of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following disposal operations: i. incineration with energy recovery ii.
incineration without energy recovery iii.
landfilling iv.
other disposal operations d. for each disposal operation listed in disclosures 306-5-b and 306-5-c, a breakdown of the total weight in metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal: i. onsite ii.
offsite e. contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.
9. ethical and transparent business gri 205-2 communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures a. total number and percentage of governance body members that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by region.
b. total number and percentage of employees that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by employee category and region.
c. total number and percentage of business partners that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by type of business partner and region.
describe if the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to any other persons or organizations.
d. total number and percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by region.
e. total number and percentage of employees that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee category and region.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb critical material issues 9. ethical and transparent business mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 205-3, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. total number and nature of confirmed incidents of corruption through the defined whistle-blowing channels sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : b. public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases.
sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : c. total number of confirmed incidents when contracts with business partners were terminated or not renewed due to violations related to corruption.
sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : d. public legal cases regarding corruption brought against the organization or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of such cases.
gri 2-27 limiting the scope to non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations only mapped gri standards disclosures: compliance with laws and regulations, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. report the total number of significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations during the reporting periods, and a breakdown of this total by: i. instances for which fines were incurred; ii.
instances for which non-monetary sanctions were incurred; mapped gri standards disclosures: limited to only environmental, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : b. report the total number and the monetary value of fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that were paid during the reporting period, and a breakdown of this total by: i. fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that occurred in the current reporting period; ii.
fines for instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that occurred in previous reporting periods; sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : c. describe the significant instances of non-compliance; sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : d. describe how it has determined significant instances of non-compliance.
c moderate material issues 10. healthy buildings mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 416-1, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. percentage of significant product and service categories for which health and safety impacts are assessed for improvement.
11. diversity and inclusion mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 405-1, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. percentage of individuals within the organization's governance bodies in each of the following diversity categories: i. gender; ii.
age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii.
other indicators of diversity where relevant such as minority or vulnerable groups . sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : b. percentage of employees per employee category in each of the following diversity categories: i. gender; ii.
age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii.
other indicators of diversity where relevant such as minority or vulnerable groups . independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb moderate material issues material issue: 12. responsible supply chain, mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 308-1, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. percentage of new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria.
b. percentage of new suppliers that were screened using social criteria.
material issue: 13. cyber-readiness, security and data privacy, mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 418-1, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy, categorized by: i. complaints received from outside parties and substantiated by the organization; ii.
complaints from regulatory bodies.
b. total number of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data.
c. if the organization has not identified any substantiated complaints, a brief statement of this fact is sufficient.
material issue: 14. future-ready workforce, mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 404-1, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. average hours of training per employee of training that the organization's employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by: i. gender ii.
employee category material issue: 15. human rights and labour conditions, mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 401-1, gri 406-1, gri 409-1, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
b. total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
a. total number of incidents of discrimination during the reporting period.
b. status of the incidents and actions taken with reference to the following: i. incident reviewed by the organization; ii.
remediation plans being implemented; iii.
remediation plans that have been implemented, with results reviewed through routine internal management review processes; iv.
incident no longer subject to action.
a. operations and suppliers considered to have significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor either in terms of: i. type of operation such as manufacturing plant and supplier; ii.
countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered at risk.
b. measures taken by the organization in the reporting period intended to contribute to the elimination of all forms of forced or compulsory labor.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb 16. biodiversity conservation mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 304-1: operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : a. for each operational site owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas, the following information: i. geographic location; ii.
subsurface and underground land that may be owned, leased, or managed by the organization; iii.
position in relation to the protected area in the area, adjacent to, or containing portions of the protected area or the high biodiversity value area outside protected areas; iv.
type of operation office, manufacturing or production, or extractive ; v. size of operational site in km2 or another unit, if appropriate ; vi.
biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the protected area or area of high biodiversity value outside the protected area terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem vii.
biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected status such as iucn protected area management categories, ramsar convention, national legislation . viii.
biodiversity value characterized by the attribute of the protected area or area of high biodiversity value outside the protected area terrestrial, freshwater, or maritime ecosystem ; ix.
biodiversity value characterized by listing of protected status such as iucn protected area management categories, ramsar convention, national legislation . mapped gri standards disclosures: gri 304-2: significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity, sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : b. nature of significant direct and indirect impacts on biodiversity with reference to one or more of the following: i. construction or use of manufacturing plants, mines, and transport infrastructure; ii.
pollution introduction of substances that do not naturally occur in the habitat from point and non-point sources ; iii.
introduction of invasive species, pests, and pathogens; iv.
reduction of species; v. habitat conversion; vi.
changes in ecological processes outside the natural range of variation such as salinity or changes in groundwater level . significant direct and indirect positive and negative impacts with reference to the following: i. species affected; ii.
extent of areas impacted; iii.
duration of impacts; iv.
reversibility or irreversibility of the impacts.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb moderate material issues 16. biodiversity conservation gri 304-4 : iucn red list species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations.
sub-indicators under "shall" requirements referenced as per gri standards : total number of iucn red list species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: critically endangered endangered vulnerable near threatened least concern sasb real estate industry standard topic: energy management , sasb accounting metric: energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of total floor area, by property subsector; 1 total energy consumed by portfolio area with data coverage, 2 percentage grid electricity, and 3 percentage renewable, by property subsector; like-for-like percentage change in energy consumption for the portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector; percentage of eligible portfolio 1 has an energy rating and 2 is certified to energy star, by property subsector; description of how building energy management considerations are integrated into property investment analysis and operational strategy topic: water management , sasb accounting metric: water withdrawal data coverage as a percentage of 1 total floor area and 2 floor area in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress, by property subsector; 1 total water withdrawn by portfolio area with data coverage and 2 percentage in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress, by property subsector; like-for-like percentage change in water withdrawn for portfolio area with data coverage, by property subsector; description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks topic: management of tenant sustainability impacts , sasb accounting metric: 1 percentage of new leases that contain a cost recovery clause for resource efficiency-related capital improvements and 2 associated leased floor area, by property subsector; percentage of tenants that are separately metered or sub-metered for 1 grid electricity consumption and 2 water withdrawals, by property subsector; discussion of approach to measuring, incentivising, and improving sustainability impacts of tenants topic: climate change adaptation , sasb accounting metric: area of properties located in 100-year flood zones, by property subsector; description of climate change risk exposure analysis, degree of systematic portfolio exposure, and strategies for mitigating risks table end.
note: the above subject matters only cover operations wholly owned and directly managed by cdl's singapore headquarters, excluding subsidiaries.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb criteria applied by cdl in preparing the report, cdl applied the gri sustainability reporting standards 'gri standards' , sasb real estate industry standard 'criteria' . such criteria were specifically designed for sustainability performance; as a result, the subject matter may not be suitable for another purpose.
management's and board of directors' responsibility management is responsible for selecting criteria, and for presenting the subject matter in accordance with that criteria, in all material respects.
this responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls, maintaining adequate records and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the subject matter, such that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
the board has ultimate responsibility for the company's sustainability reporting.
for the purpose of the 2022 integrated sustainability report, there are no legally prescribed requirements relating to the verification of sustainability reports.
auditor's responsibility our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the presentation of the subject matter based on the evidence we have obtained.
auditor's independence and quality control we have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority acra code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities acra code , which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.
our firm applies singapore standards on quality control 1 of the institute of singapore chartered accountants and, accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
we have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement.
our professionals have experience in both assurance skills and in the applicable subject matter including environmental, social and financial aspects.
description of procedures performed a reasonable assurance engagement consists of making enquiries and applying analytical, controls testing, and other evidence-gathering procedures sufficient for us to obtain a meaningful level of assurance as the basis for providing a positive form of conclusion.
notes: none.
independent reasonable assurance statement gri, sasb while we considered the effectiveness of the management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.
our procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of data within it systems.
our procedures performed included, but were not limited to: 1. inquiring cdl’s sustainability team to: understand principal business operations, appreciate key sustainability issues and developments, map out information flow for sustainability reporting and the controls on information collation, identify data providers with their responsibilities, and recognise the likelihood of possible manipulation of sustainability data.
2. conducting process walk-through of systems and processes for data aggregation and reporting, with relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the controls in relation to the concerned subject matters in the report.
3. interviewing employees and management sustainability committee, human resources, property & facilities management, environment health & safety, internal audit, enterprise risk management, projects to understand key sustainability issues related to the select indicators and processes for the collection and accurate reporting of performance information.
4. obtaining documentation through sampling methods to verify assumptions, estimations and computations made by management in relation to the concerned subject matters in the report.
5. checking that data and statements had been correctly transcribed from corporate systems and/or supporting evidence, into the report.
6. obtaining various certifications, audit reports and financial statement report in relation to the concerned subject matters in the report.
7. seeking management representations on key assertions.
we also performed such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
observations and areas for improvement our observations and areas for improvement will be raised in an internal report to cdl’s management.
these observations do not affect our conclusions on the report set out below.
conclusion in our opinion, the subject matter as of 30 march 2022 for the year ended 31 december 2021 is presented, in all material respects in accordance with the criteria.
restricted use this report is intended solely for the information and use of the management of cdl and is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than those specified parties.
ernst & young llp signature signed for ernst & young llp by simon yeo partner, climate change and sustainability services singapore 30 march 2022 no content was generated for page 149. independent limited assurance statement cdsb, tcfd requirements req-10 restatements req-11 conformance req-12 assurance disclosures under "shall" requirements disclosures shall report and explain any prior year restatements.
disclosures shall include a statement of conformance with the cdsb framework.
if assurance has been provided over whether reported environmental information is in conformance with the principles and requirements of the cdsb framework, this shall be included or cross-referenced in the statement of conformance req-11 . task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd recommendations cdl's disclosures in relation to the tcfd recommendations, as presented in cdl's 2022 integrated sustainability report which excludes the assumptions and approach supporting cdl's scenario analysis and portfolio analysis.
tcfd elements : governance , recommended disclosures : a describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities b describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
tcfd elements : strategy , recommended disclosures : a describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
b describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization's businesses, strategy, and financial planning c describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario.
tcfd elements : risk management , recommended disclosures : a describe the organization's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
b describe the organization's processes for managing climate-related risks.
c describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization's overall risk management.
tcfd elements : metrics & targets , recommended disclosures : a disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
b disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks.
c describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
table end.
notes: the above subject matters only cover operations wholly owned and directly managed by cdl's singapore headquarters, excluding subsidiaries.
for cdsb, the scope of assurance covers environmental information relating to energy, emissions, climate change, water and waste management.
our assurance scope does not cover principle 1 environmental information shall be prepared applying the principles of relevance and materiality.
independent limited assurance statement cdsb, tcfd criteria applied by cdl in preparing the report, cdl applied the cdsb framework and tcfd recommendations 'criteria' . such criteria were specifically designed for sustainability performance; as a result, the subject matter may not be suitable for another purpose.
management's and board of directors' responsibility management is responsible for selecting criteria, and for presenting the subject matter in accordance with that criteria, in all material respects.
this responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls, maintaining adequate records and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the subject matter, such that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
the board has ultimate responsibility for the company's sustainability reporting.
for the purpose of the 2022 integrated sustainability report, there are no legally prescribed requirements relating to the verification of sustainability reports.
auditor's responsibility our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the presentation of the subject matter based on the evidence we have obtained.
we conducted our engagement in accordance with the international standard for assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information 'isae 3000' and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with cdl on 7 september 2020 and addendums march 2021, december 2021, march 2022. those standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether, in all material respects, the subject matter is presented in accordance with the criteria, and to issue a report.
the nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
we believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our limited assurance conclusions.
our review was limited to the information on the select indicators set out within the report from 1 january 2021 to 31 december 2021 and our responsibility does not include: any work in respect of sustainability information published elsewhere in cdl's annual report, website and other publications, sustainability information prior to 1 january 2021 and subsequent to 31 december 2021, and management's forward-looking statements such as targets, plans and intentions.
auditor's independence and quality control we have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority acra code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities acra code , which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.
our firm applies singapore standards on quality control 1 of the institute of singapore chartered accountants and, accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
we have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement.
our professionals have experience in both assurance skills and in the applicable subject matter including environmental, social and financial aspects.
description of procedures performed procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement.
consequently the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.
our procedures were designed to obtain a limited level of assurance on which to base our conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.
while we considered the effectiveness of management's internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.
our procedures did not include testing controls or performing independent limited assurance statement cdsb, tcfd a limited assurance engagement consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the subject matter and related information, and applying analytical and other appropriate procedures.
our procedures included: 1. inquiring with cdl's sustainability team to: understand principal business operations.
appreciate key sustainability issues and developments.
map out information flow for sustainability reporting and the controls on information collation.
identify data providers with their responsibilities.
recognize the likelihood of possible manipulation of sustainability data.
2. conducting process walk-through of systems and processes for data aggregation and reporting, with relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the controls in relation to the concerned subject matters in the report.
3. interviewing employees and management sustainability committee and environment health & safety to understand key sustainability issues related to the select indicators and processes for the collection and accurate reporting of performance information.
4. obtaining documentation through sampling methods to verify assumptions, estimations, and computations made by management in relation to the concerned subject matters in the report.
5. checking that data and statements had been correctly transcribed from corporate systems and/or supporting evidence, into the report.
6. obtaining relevant reports in relation to the concerned subject matters in the report.
7. seeking management representations on key assertions.
we also performed such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
observations and areas for improvement our observations and areas for improvement will be raised in an internal report to cdl's management.
these observations do not affect our conclusions on the report set out below.
conclusion based on our procedures and the evidence obtained, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the subject matter as of 30 march 2022 for the year ended 31 december 2021, in order for it to be in accordance with the criteria.
restricted use this report is intended solely for the information and use of the management of cdl and is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than those specified parties.
ernst & young llp signed for ernst & young llp by simon yeo partner, climate change and sustainability services singapore 30 march 2022 gri content index statement of use gri 1 used applicable gri sector standard s gri g4 construction and real estate sector cres . we will be validating our list of material esg issues with the latest gri sector standard for our industry when it is published by gri.
table: gri 2: general disclosures 2021 gri standard/other source: general disclosures, disclosure: 2-1 organizational details, location: 5, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-2 entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting, location: 114, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-3 reporting period, frequency and contact point, location: 114-115, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-4 restatements of information, location: 58, 61, 67, 77, 114-115, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-5 external assurance, location: 114-115, 134-153, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-6 activities, value chain and other business relationships, location: 5, 37, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-7 employees, location: 92-93, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-8 workers who are not employees, location: 89-90, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-9 governance structure and composition, location: ar 2021 32-33, 38-39 , externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-10 nomination and selection of the highest governance body, location: ar 2021 41-42 , externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-11 chair of the highest governance body, location: ar 2021 32 , externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-12 role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, location: 14-15, ar 2021 32-33 , externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-13 delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, location: 14, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-14 role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, location: 14, 24, 113-114, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-15 conflicts of interest, location: ar 2021 25-29, 33, 38 , externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-16 communication of critical concerns, location: 84-85, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-17 collective knowledge of the highest governance body, location: 15, ar 2021 25-29, 34 , externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-18 evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, location: ar 2021 42-43 , externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-19 remuneration policies, location: ar 2021 43-46 , externally assured y/n : n table end.
gri content index gri standard/other source: general disclosures gri 2: general disclosures 2021 disclosure: 2-20 process to determine remuneration, location: 96-97, ar 2021 43-46 , requirement s omitted: a, b, c, reason: information unavailable/incomplete, explanation: the performance evaluation of staff and calculation of bonuses for fy 2021 takes place in h1 2022. calculation for fy2021 total compensation is not ready at the time of publication of this report., externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-21 annual total compensation ratio, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-22 statement on sustainable development strategy, location: 8-13, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-23 policy commitments, location: 85-87, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-24 embedding policy commitments, location: 27-29, 78, 85-89, 91, 95, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-25 processes to remediate negative impacts, location: 85, 95, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-26 mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, location: 27-29, 85-86, 95, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-27 compliance with laws and regulations, location: 77, 84-86, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 limiting the scope to non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations only disclosure: 2-28 membership associations, location: 111-113, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 2-29 approach to stakeholder engagement, location: 24-29, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 limiting the scope to "results of customer satisfaction surveys" disclosure: 2-30 collective bargaining agreements, location: 96, externally assured y/n : n table end.
gri content index gri standard/other source material topics : gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure : 3-1 process to determine material topics, location : 24, 53-55, 68-69, 78, 91-92, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source material topics : gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure : 3-3 management of material topics, location : 22, 25, 30, 58-61, 68-69, 114-122, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source material topics : gri 305: emissions 2016, disclosure : 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, location : 62-63, 117, 120, requirement s omitted : a, b, c, d, reason : not applicable, explanation : disclosure is not applicable as cdl does not emit a material amount of these emissions through our products and services, mapped to sdgs : 3, 12, 13, 14, 15, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source material topics : gri sector disclosures: construction and real estate, disclosure : cre 3 greenhouse gas emissions intensity from buildings, location : 63, mapped to sdgs : 13, 14, 15, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 table end.
gri content index table: gri content index gri standard/other source: energy efficiency and adoption of renewables gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: management of material topics, disclosure: 3-3, location: 22-23, 25, 31, 64-65, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 302: energy 2016 gri standard/other source: 302-1, material topics: energy consumption within the organization, location: 66-67, 116, 120, mapped to sdgs: 7, 8, 12, 13, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: 302-2, material topics: energy consumption outside of the organization, location: 66-67, 116, 120, mapped to sdgs: 7, 8, 12, 13, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: 302-3, material topics: energy intensity, location: 66, 120, mapped to sdgs: 7, 8, 12, 13, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source: 302-4, material topics: reduction of energy consumption, location: 65, mapped to sdgs: 7, 8, 12, 13, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source: 302-5, material topics: reductions in energy requirements of products and services, location: 65, mapped to sdgs: 7, 8, 12, 13, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source: gri sector disclosures: construction and real estate, material topics: building energy intensity, disclosure: cre 1, location: 66, 120, mapped to sdgs: 7, 8, 12, 13, externally assured y/n : y pg 136–149 gri standard/other source: innovation gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: management of material topics, disclosure: 3-3, location: 25, 31, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri sector disclosures: construction and real estate, material topics: type and number of sustainability certification, rating and labeling schemes for new construction, management, occupation and redevelopment, disclosure: cre 8, location: 43, 49, 55, 65, 71, 78-79, 81, 87, 91, mapped to sdgs: 10, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source: stakeholder impact and partnerships gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: management of material topics, disclosure: 3-3, location: 20, 25, 31, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 201: economic performance 2016, material topics: direct economic value generated and distributed, disclosure: 201-1, location: 101-110, requirement s omitted: a, b, reason: confidentiality constraints, explanation: total community investments is not disclosed as cdl believes that it is integrated into our business., mapped to sdgs: 8, 9, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source: product/service quality and responsibility gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: management of material topics, disclosure: 3-3, location: 20, 25, 32, externally assured y/n : n table end.
gri content index product/service quality and responsibility gri standard/other source: gri 416: customer health and safety 2016, disclosure: gri 2-29, location: 53, mapped to sdgs: y pg 136-149 , externally assured y/n : y gri standard/other source: 416-1 assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories, location: 32, 43, 55, mapped to sdgs: 16, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: 416-2 incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services, location: 77, mapped to sdgs: 12, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 417: marketing and labeling 2016 gri standard/other source: 417-1 requirements for product and service information and labeling, location: 43, 47-49, mapped to sdgs: 16, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: 417-2 incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling, location: 84, mapped to sdgs: 16, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: 417-3 incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications, location: 84, mapped to sdgs: 16, externally assured y/n : n table end.
economic contribution to society gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, location: 16, 17, 26, 32, requirement s omitted: a, b, c, reason: confidentiality constraints, explanation: cdl is not at liberty to disclose this information as the company is bound by confidentiality, mapped to sdgs: 9, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source: gri 201: economic performance 2016, disclosure: 201-1 direct economic value generated and distributed, location: 16, 17, 119, mapped to sdgs: 13, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 201-2 financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change, location: 30, 32, 68-69, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 201-3 defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans, location: 97, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 201-4 financial assistance received from government, externally assured y/n : n table end.
gri content index table: gri standard/other source, material topics, disclosure information gri standard/other source: gri 202: market presence 2016, material topics: economic contribution to society, disclosure: 202-1, requirement s omitted: a, b, c, d, reason: information unavailable/incomplete, explanation: disclosure is unavailable as there is no minimum wage system in singapore.
furthermore, cdl’s direct hires are skilled technical and professional employees whose pay is not linked to laws concerning minimum wage., mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 202-2, location: 94, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 203: indirect economic impacts 2016, disclosure: 203-1, location: 46-51, 101-110, mapped to sdgs: 5, 9, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 203-2, location: 30-36, 89-91, 101-102, mapped to sdgs: 8, 11, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: occupational health, safety and well-being, disclosure: 3-3, location: 26, 33, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018, disclosure: 403-1, location: 34, 76-77, 83-85, 87-91, 118, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 403-2, location: 23, 38, 77, 87-91, 118, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 403-3, location: 87-91, 97-98, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 403-4, location: 33, 34, 87-91, mapped to sdgs: 8, 16, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 disclosure: 403-5, location: 87-91, 97-98, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 403-6, location: 33, 91, 97-98, mapped to sdgs: 3, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 403-7, location: 23, 39, 78-79, 89-90, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 403-8, location: 33, 87-91, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 disclosure: 403-9, location: 23, 87-91, 118, mapped to sdgs: 3, 8, 16, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 disclosure: 403-10, location: 23, 87-91, 118, mapped to sdgs: 3, 8, 16, externally assured y/n : n table end.
gri content index gri standard/other source : occupational health, safety and well-being, disclosure : percentage of the organisation operating in verified compliance with an internationally recognised health and safety management system, location : 88, 114, mapped to sdgs : 8, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source : construction and real estate, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source : sustainable finance, disclosure : management of material topics, location : 17, 26, 33, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source : gri 3: material topics 2021, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source : water and waste management, disclosure : management of material topics, location : 26, 33, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source : gri 3: material topics 2021, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source : 306-3, disclosure : waste generated, location : 76, requirement s omitted : b, reason : not applicable, explanation : disclosure on hazardous waste is not applicable as there is no handling of hazardous substances for cdl's direct construction and asset management activities., mapped to sdgs : 3, 11, 12, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source : 306-4, disclosure : waste diverted from disposal, location : 75, 76, requirement s omitted : b, reason : not applicable, explanation : disclosure on hazardous waste is not applicable as there is no handling of hazardous substances for cdl's direct construction and asset management activities., mapped to sdgs : 3, 11, 12, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 table end.
gri content index water and waste management disclosure: cre 2 building water intensity location: 72 mapped to sdgs : 6, 8, 12 externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 ethical and transparent business gri 3: material topics 2021 : management of material topics pg 26, 34, 84-86 gri 205: anti-corruption 2016 : 205-1: operations assessed for risks related to corruption pg 85, 86 205-2: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures pg 85, 86 205-3: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken pg 85 mapped to sdgs : 16 externally assured y/n : n gri 206: anti-competitive behavior 2016 : legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices pg 84 mapped to sdgs : 16 externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 healthy buildings gri 3: material topics 2021 : management of material topics pg 26, 34 gri 416: customer health and safety 2016 : 416-1: assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories pg 32, 42, 43 416-2: incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services pg 77 mapped to sdgs : 16 externally assured y/n : n diversity and inclusion gri 3: material topics 2021 : management of material topics pg 26, 34, 94-96 gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 : 405-1: diversity of governance bodies and employees pg 94 405-2: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men pg 96 mapped to sdgs : 5 externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri content index table: gri standard/other source material topics disclosure location requirement s omitted reason explanation mapped to sdgs externally assured y/n gri standard/other source: responsible supply chain gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: management of material topics, disclosure: 3-3, location: 26, 35, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 301: materials 2016, material topics: materials used by weight or volume, disclosure: 301-1, location: 79-80, mapped to sdgs: 8, 12, externally assured y/n : n material topics: recycled input materials used, disclosure: 301-2, location: 79-80, mapped to sdgs: 8, 12, externally assured y/n : n material topics: reclaimed products and their packaging materials, disclosure: 301-3, reason: disclosure is not applicable for cdl's operations in singapore, mapped to sdgs: 8, 12, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 308: supplier environmental assessment 2016, material topics: new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria, disclosure: 308-1, location: 78-79, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 material topics: negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken, disclosure: 308-2, location: 78, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 414: supplier social assessment 2016, material topics: new suppliers that were screened using social criteria, disclosure: 414-1, location: 78-79, mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, 16, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 material topics: negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken, disclosure: 414-2, location: 78, mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, 16, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: cyber-readiness, security and data privacy, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: management of material topics, disclosure: 3-3, location: 26, 31, 35, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 418: customer privacy 2016, material topics: substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data, disclosure: 418-1, location: 86, mapped to sdgs: 16, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source: future-ready workforce, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, material topics: management of material topics, disclosure: 3-3, location: 31, 35, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source: gri 404: training and education 2016, material topics: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, disclosure: 404-1, location: 97, 98, mapped to sdgs: 4, 8, 10, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 material topics: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, disclosure: 404-2, location: 98, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n material topics: percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, disclosure: 404-3, location: 95, 96, mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, 10, externally assured y/n : n table end.
gri content index table: gri standard/other source material topics and disclosures gri standard/other source material topics: human rights and labour conditions gri standard/other source material topics: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, location: 26, 36, 89-90, 92-98, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source material topics: gri 401: employment 2016, disclosure: 401-1 new employee hires and employee turnover, location: 93-94, mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, 10, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 disclosure: 401-2 benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, location: 96-97, mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 401-3 parental leave, location: 96, mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source material topics: gri 402: labor/management relations 2016, disclosure: 402-1 minimum notice periods regarding operational changes, location: 92, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : n gri standard/other source material topics: gri 406: non-discrimination 2016, disclosure: 406-1 incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken, location: 95, mapped to sdgs: 5, 8, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source material topics: gri 409: forced or compulsory labor 2016, disclosure: 409-1 operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor, location: 78, mapped to sdgs: 8, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 gri standard/other source material topics: biodiversity conservation gri standard/other source material topics: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, location: 26, 36, 81, externally assured y/n : n disclosure: 304-3 habitats protected or restored, location: 81, mapped to sdgs: 6, 14, 15, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 disclosure: 304-4 iucn red list species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations, location: 81, externally assured y/n : y pg 136-149 table end.
city developments limited sustainability report www.cdlsustainability.com there is no textual or tabular data available in the provided image.
the image primarily consists of a graphic design featuring a polar bear on an iceberg, overlaid on a background of earth.
the city developments limited logo and website are also present.