pinebridge investments corporate responsibility report: progressing on real-world change 2023 note: the provided image only contains the cover page of the report.
no further content is available for extraction.
to provide a complete markdown representation, additional pages from the report would be needed.
corporate responsibility report: real-world change leadership greg ehret , chief executive officer kate faraday , global head of corporate responsibility at the close of 2022, we took the opportunity to assess the breadth and velocity of advancements made on our corporate responsibility commitments over the course of the year.
this exercise reaffirmed to us that a pragmatic and thoughtful approach to fulfilling our corporate responsibility goals can better serve the interests of our clients, employees, and local communities — and that implementing sound corporate responsibility practices should lead to more effective long-term results.
in 2022, we laid the groundwork for further real-world progress by formalizing or reaffirming our commitments to a number of prominent and actionable global corporate sustainability initiatives, including the un global compact, the net zero asset managers initiative, and the principles for responsible investment.
we believe concerted efforts such as these are the most efficient path to effecting real change, and they will help guide the roadmap for our own actions — enhancing an investment philosophy focused on improvement over exclusion when it comes to esg and sustainability issues, and the assessment of these factors alongside other key elements of risk.
corporate responsibility initiatives beyond formalizing our industry commitments and participation, we took decisive actions toward meeting our corporate responsibility goals.
we set our first interim targets as part of the net zero asset managers initiative.
we launched new funds for our clients that specifically target the risks and opportunities associated with global carbon reduction and other esg goals.
we repositioned an emerging market fixed income strategy to explicitly align with four critical un sustainable development goals sdgs . in 2022, we expanded our diversity, equity, and inclusion dei , career development, and mentoring programs to continue to attract and retain high-quality talent from a broad range of backgrounds.
we launched a number of exciting initiatives through various employee resource groups to continue building on our strong and inclusive corporate culture.
we are cognizant of both the importance and the difficulty of quantifying the impact of corporate responsibility programs with objective and measurable data.
in the following pages, we report on some of the early results of our attempts to better define, measure, and capture the footprint of our advancements in three key domains: our people, our planet, and our portfolios.
we're proud of the advancements made to date, none of which would have been possible without the alignment of our people and our teams behind the firm's shared goals – and their continued efforts to create compelling investment opportunities for our clients while building an internal organization we can be proud of.
greg ehret chief executive officer kate faraday global head of corporate responsibility there is no textual or tabular data in the provided image.
the image contains only a photograph of a forest.
therefore, no markdown can be generated.
contents our philosophy and principles: a framework for progress 06 our people: change starts at home 12 our planet: taking up the challenge of bending the curve 20 our portfolios: using our power as capital allocators 26 our policies: the codes we work and live by 38 our purpose-driven future 42 < -- image of the contents page -- our philosophy and principles: a framework for progress at pinebridge, we recognize that the concerted efforts of governments, industry peers, and other stakeholders are needed to make a real difference in the challenges facing our world.
to do our part, one of the most important steps we've taken is to pledge our commitment to the world's largest corporate responsibility initiative, the united nations global compact ungc , and its ten principles supporting the un's 17 sustainable development goals sdgs for 2030. under the sdg initiative, companies commit to support a range of goals — from ending global poverty and hunger to taking climate action and protecting life on land and in the water — and to incorporate them into their strategy, culture, and day-to-day operations.
ungc members in the private sector are encouraged to focus on the ten principles and contribute to the sdgs in the ways they believe they can have the greatest impact.
each goal has a target, with the understanding that meeting one target must frequently work in concert with and be balanced against the demands of meeting others.
in seeking to meet our primary investment objective of optimizing clients' economic returns for a given level of risk, our responsible investment focus is first and foremost on improvement rather than exclusion . there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
our commitment to sustainability we have been a signatory of the principles for responsible investment pri , a leading set of guidelines for the financial industry to incorporate esg metrics into investment and ownership decisions, since 2015. the sdgs and the pri guide our actions as a responsible employer and corporate citizen.
we recognize that climate change poses a significant threat to society and the global economy.
we believe we can play a critical role in supporting the global transition to carbon neutrality and will engage with companies demonstrating a prudent investment opportunity aligned with this path.
we prioritize diversity, equity, and inclusion dei within our firm and investments.
we believe that each person brings unique strengths, and we share responsibility for fostering an inclusive and welcoming culture of equity.
our stewardship and engagement efforts aim to ensure companies adopt equitable and inclusive recruitment, development, and promotion practices.
we hold company leaders accountable for promoting these aims.
as a signatory of the un global compact, we recognize that ensuring human rights and dignity is essential to sustainable development.
our obligation to our clients is to address the risk of involvement with gross human rights abuses or corporate negligence, and to ensure pinebridge aligns with applicable laws and un conventions.
focus on five sustainable development goals sdgs we have focused our efforts on the following five sdgs: goal 3: good health and well-being: ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages.
goal 5: gender equality: achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls.
goal 8: decent work and economic growth: promote inclusive and sustainable economic growth, employment, and decent work for all.
goal 12: responsible consumption and production: ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns.
goal 13: climate action: take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts.
our pledges: regulations, codes, and initiatives recognizing that we can'tonnes move the boat far if we row on our own, we have joined forces with peers, governments, and other stakeholders to push for concrete action to address global sustainability challenges.
as of 31 december 2022, our sustainability efforts adhere to the following codes and initiatives, to advance our efforts alongside the broader financial industry.
in addition to these voluntary initiatives, as a baseline of operating, pinebridge adheres to applicable global and local regulations.
global the institutional investors group on climate change iigcc institutional limited partners association ilpa diversity in action net zero asset managers initiative nzam principles for responsible investment pri sustainability accounting standards board sasb task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd un global compact ungc . page number and company logo united kingdom uk modern slavery act uk stewardship code¹ europe mifid ii – sustainable preferences ucits & aifmd sustainable risks sustainable finance disclosure regulation sfdr shareholder rights directive ii srd ii switzerland swiss sustainable finance initiative singapore monetary authority of singapore guidelines on environmental risk management for asset managers hong kong hong kong fund manager code of conduct japan japan stewardship code taiwan taiwan stewardship code australia australia modern slavery act ¹ pinebridge was a signatory of the uk stewardship code from september 6, 2021, to march 10, 2022. it was not listed as a signatory as of september 7, 2022, but has since rejoined the list as of february 15, 2023. denote regulations.
governance in the long term, financial value aligns with stronger environmental and social governance practices.
to ensure we manage esg risk day-to-day, we view transparency via disclosure and rigorous management accountability as essential for all our investee companies, as well as for our own business.
effective management, board oversight, dei assessments, fair compensation practices, and investor protections are all crucial components of organizational success.
to achieve this, a culture of accountability, prudent risk management, and employee engagement must be fostered, ultimately driving what we call "organizational alpha." these elements form the foundation of pinebridge's holistic approach to corporate responsibility, enabling us to drive positive change.
we hold ourselves accountable to this commitment through both top-down and bottom-up oversight.
our people are also vital to this oversight: various policies govern employees' conduct while providing mechanisms for identifying risks and reporting violations, including whistleblowing.
please see the “our policies” section for more details.
. the image is a decorative design element that visually separates the text block.
pinebridge corporate responsibility report: key areas diversity, equity and inclusion define and implement firm policies that create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive pinebridge workforce and global culture.
our approach professional development flexible/hybrid work model employee resource groups diversity metrics dei policies and practices stewardship define and monitor the company's proxy voting strategy and process and provide oversight of engagement processes, including firmwide reporting, cross-asset collaboration, and escalation.
company responsibility drive the firm's social responsibility strategy and company best practices as an employer, corporate citizen, industry player, and community member.
environmental, social and governance esg investment promote firm-wide best practices as related to the esg investment frameworks adopted by individual asset classes, as well as promoting esg education throughout the firm.
our impact engagement proxy voting active ownership through engagement our community community relations social responsibility office environment policies and best practices our investments corporate initiatives pri, nzam, ungc environmental sustainability thought leadership & education enhanced analytical capabilities reporting governance pinebridge's management team reports to the board of directors.
the board's governance committee members serve as advisors to the ceo on strategic, general management, governance, and related material matters.
at the organizational level, the pinebridge corporate responsibility steering committee crsc leads and helps drive our efforts across the organization to define, strengthen, and differentiate our corporate responsibility approach and to ensure its alignment with our mission and values.
the crsc reports to the ceo and oversees the firm's corporate responsibility strategy across four key areas.
quote “beyond effective management, board oversight, and fair practices, we believe fostering a culture of accountability and prudent risk management, supported by a diverse pool of talent, will drive superior results and enable us to deliver ‘organizational alpha’ – the essence of success in today’s rapidly changing world.” — tracie e. ahern, chief financial officer and chief risk officer, company responsibility committee co-chair note: the image includes a picture of tracie e. ahern.
our people: change starts at home we are big believers in the adage that corporate and social responsibility begins at home.
just as our portfolio managers aim to reduce risk through our analytical approach, choosing companies that have the structure and resilience to be successful in our changing world, we as a firm are actively working to be an enterprise in the same mold.
we recognize that ensuring a strong and diverse workforce is critical to achieving our mission over the long term.
as such, we dedicate significant resources not only to recruitment but to helping employees from different backgrounds achieve their full potential and make meaningful contributions to our success.
key statistics: 46% of our 700+ global employees are women 1 28% of our investment professionals advising on investable mandates are women 2 , versus 12% in the global industry 3 united states dollar120,200 was raised by the firm and employees for various charities and philanthropic causes through fundraising and other non-profit initiatives 4 37 initiatives led by the firm's employee resource groups ergs : lgbtq+ & allies network, women's network, black employee network, and genbridge young professionals network our diverse global workforce reflects this commitment and our ongoing efforts to improve.
we collect employee feedback through engagement and diversity surveys to better understand the firm's demographic makeup and employees' experiences to better support our people in a fast-changing world.
motivated by the latest findings, we've been expanding our responsible employer programs in the following key areas.
footnotes: 1. source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 2. source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 3. source: thomas, h 21 september 2022 . "where are all the women in asset management?" financial times.
https://www.ft.com/content/309c7a63-bf95-455a-ab3e-0182a3523611 4. source: pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. image description: logos for un sustainable development goals 3 good health and well-being and 8 decent work and economic growth professional development we prioritize providing each employee with the tools and training they need to succeed and advance in their roles and throughout their careers at the firm, which we see as a competitive advantage over the long term.
our employees have access to a global professional development platform that they can customize based on their individual development goals and career aspirations.
this personalized approach empowers employees to own and drive their professional development.
some of our firmwide offerings include mentoring opportunities, management and leadership development programs, technical education, personality assessments, career coaching, support for industry designations, tuition reimbursement, and access to digital learning platforms, including language development.
in 2021, we launched a comprehensive global leadership development program for high-performing employees in investments.
in 2022, we expanded participation to 30 professionals across the firm.
this program received a net promoter score nps —a widely used market research metric that asks respondents to rate the likelihood that they would recommend a company, product, or a service to a friend or colleague—of 73, which is considered best in class.
23% growth in our global mentoring program from 2021 to 2022, with participants in 15 office locations.
we view mentorship as one of the most effective professional development tools because it can be customized to meet an employee's unique needs and career aspirations.
participation in our global mentoring program grew by 23% from 2021 to 2022, with participants in 15 office locations.
we received positive feedback on how the program helped participants achieve their professional development goals while expanding their network.
in 2022, we launched a reverse mentoring program, in which junior talent provided mentorship to senior leaders, which empowered emerging talent to help shape the firm's culture and develop leadership skills.
furthermore, senior leaders gained a deeper perspective on the experience of more junior employees and intergenerational differences and similarities —and, yes, some new technological know-how.
on an annual basis, we conduct analyses to confirm that the compensation and benefits packages continue to be competitive and in-line with the market for similarly sized asset managers.
included in this process is an evaluation of the benchmark data as mapped to the appropriate roles and functions within the pinebridge structure.
in determining whether any adjustments are necessary, pinebridge human resources considers, among other things, factors such as an individual's previous experience, individual and team performance, firm and team profitability, and role location and the local market for that role.
pinebridge was recognized as one of the "best places to work in money management" by pensions & investments.
jennifer motz global head of human resources, diversity, equity and inclusion committee co-chair 5 as of december 2022. for the best places to work in money management, pensions & investments partnered with best companies group, a research firm, to conduct a two-part survey for employers and their employees.
for details on eligibility criteria and the survey's methodology, please visit https://www.bestplacestoworkmm.com/eligibility-criteria.
pinebridge investments did not pay to be considered for these awards.
diversity, equity, and inclusion dei we believe that cultivating a diverse and inclusive corporate culture is central to delivering superior service to clients and maintaining our competitiveness in the industry.
in our view, a diverse workforce drives innovation, allows us to better serve our diverse client base, and helps foster cognitive diversity while avoiding "groupthink.” our overarching aim is to identify exceptional individuals who will add value to our strategy, client service, and culture, and who will bring new perspectives to our teams.
to this end, we continually seek to attract and retain a diverse pool of talent across the globe, with employees who can bring to the table a variety of perspectives and ideas.
we aim to achieve diversity across race, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, nationality, geographic origin, religion, culture, and any other dimension of diversity.
pinebridge is dedicated to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion for employees at all stages, beginning with recruitment.
with the aid of an augmented writing software, our job descriptions are written in gender-neutral and inclusive language to attract a diverse pool of candidates.
we follow a methodical and structured evaluation framework that targets inclusivity and avoidance of potential biases.
moreover, we implement best practices including diverse interview panels trained to conduct competency-based interviews and assess candidates utilizing objective criteria.
human resources conducts annual diversity reviews to objectively assess how we are tracking against our diversity metrics, including diversity at each job level and the pace of promotions.
gender diversity has been a significant focus for pinebridge from its start, and we have achieved a higher percentage of women among our senior leaders and investment professionals versus the broader industry.
gender diversity at pinebridge 46% of our global workforce is female 6 32% of senior leadership positions svp and above at pinebridge are held by women, versus 27% for corporate america more broadly 7 28% of our investment professionals advising on investable mandates are women, versus 12% in the global industry 8,9 notes: 6 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 7 source: women in the workplace: 2022. mckinsey.
https://www.mckinsey.com/featured-insights/diversity-and-inclusion/women-in-the-workplace 8 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 9 source: thomas, h 21 september 2022 . “where are all the women in asset management?” financial times.
https://www.ft.com/content/309c7a63-bf95-455a-ab3e-0182a3523611 representation at pinebridge 41% of pinebridge employees were the first person in their family to attend college or university.
10 25 offices are operating in 15 countries worldwide, reflecting our global footprint and ethnic diversity.
11 48% of our employees speak more than one language.
12 gender representation in senior leadership positions a commitment to advancing the careers of women runs deep at pinebridge.
we offer progressive primary and non-primary caregiver leave, adoption and bonding leave, and flexible work policies to support working mothers as well as promote parental and family leave, which contributes to building a more equitable firm culture.
pinebridge also participates in the mckinsey annual women in the workplace survey and provides benchmarking data.
table: gender breakdown by role october 2022 role: senior leadership svp, md , women: 32%, men: 68% role: mid-level/vp, women: 77%, men: 23% role: associate/analyst, women: 57%, men: 43% role: administrative, women: 95%, men: 5% table end.
source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022; data sourced to align with the results of the voluntary employee diversity survey.
from the top down, we hold managers accountable for upholding dei policies in hiring, retaining, and developing employees.
performance goals for officers and managers include supporting corporate social responsibility and dei initiatives.
in addition, all employees must complete the following online training annually: preventing discrimination and harassment; unconscious bias; diversity, inclusion and sensitivity; and modern slavery in supply chains.
footnotes: 10 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. results from 2022 voluntary survey of employees of 618 respondents representing 86% of total employees.
11 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 12 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. results from 2022 voluntary survey of employees of 618 respondents representing 86% of total employees.
pinebridge outperformance in external finance benchmark we are proud to report that pinebridge outperformed the external finance benchmark in several important areas: communicating to employees: +9 points higher team collaboration: +4 points higher manager support: +2 points higher receiving recognition for their work: +2 points higher having an equal opportunity to succeed: +2 points higher feeling comfortable being themselves at work: +2 points higher feeling free to speak their mind: +1 point higher data source: employee pulse survey via glint; april 2022. finance benchmark includes 50+ companies.
employee wellness and culture at pinebridge, we understand that work is just one aspect of our employees' lives and believe maintaining a healthy work-life balance is crucial for our employees' happiness, productivity, and success.
our wellness opportunities are designed to support our employees in all aspects of their lives, including physical, mental, and emotional health.
we encourage our employees to take advantage of these resources and prioritize their health and well-being both inside and outside of work.
our offerings include: employee assistance program eap , which provides confidential counselling and referrals to mental health professionals.
flexible work arrangements/hybrid work model primary and non-primary caregiver, adoption, and bonding leave mindfulness, meditation, and wellness resources moreover, we conduct periodic employee surveys to ensure that we are continually enhancing our employee support initiatives and programs.
these surveys measure employees' engagement and sense of inclusion and how they view our culture, flexible/hybrid work model, dei efforts, collaboration and communication, and management support.
we analyze the results to develop action plans as needed to ensure that our culture is collaborative and empowers employees to drive their professional development.
the result is a highly engaged workforce with low turnover.
we believe that helping our employees to be actively engaged at work while promoting a healthy balance creates an environment where our employees can thrive both personally and professionally.
employee resource groups ergs over the past couple of years, we've bolstered our commitment to dei and supported underrepresented groups at the grassroots level through the following global employee resource groups.
in 2022, our global ergs: hosted 37 events and initiatives supporting fundraising and employee engagement had 500 employees participating launched in 2019 initiatives included: partnership events with the financial times' women in business forum, providing tools to overcome “imposter syndrome” and supporting gender equality.
a breakthebias international women's day campaign.
a podcast covering women in investing.
hosting a mckinsey speaker discussing women in the workplace and supportive trends.
a working parents panel discussion.
launched in 2021 initiatives included: a global dei quiz event encouraging engagement between lgbtq+ & allies and other employee resource groups.
an lgbtq+ panel event supporting transgender and non-binary individuals.
pride month fundraising across our offices for related charities and non-profit organizations.
a campaign to highlight the importance of the network and assist in inclusive recruitment efforts.
launched in 2021 initiatives included events featuring senior leaders across all regions sharing their career journeys and advice, providing younger members a direct line to senior members of the firm to learn from their experiences, as well as social events to provide networking opportunities.
launched in 2021 initiatives included: special events with guest speakers, including the first all-black team to summit mount everest.
a black history month campaign.
panel discussions supporting black employees at work.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at a meeting.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
there are no footnotes or additional notes provided in the image.
partnering with community programs our community outreach efforts enable our employees to partner directly with leading organizations to effect change close to home.
several of these efforts build on our sdg priorities, reinforcing our commitment in areas such as supporting opportunities for women and first-generation college grads by extending the opportunities to girls and youth from traditionally underrepresented groups and potentially future pinebridge employees . in 2022, pinebridge, along with its employees, raised and contributed over united states dollar120,000 to various initiatives.
14 14 pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. bridging the opportunity gap pinebridge has partnered with the following global organizations to deliver a program of rewarding internships to aspiring students and young people interested in a career in financial services.
girls are investors uk : an organization dedicated to improving gender diversity in the asset management industry by inspiring young women and providing internship opportunities.
pinebridge has hosted interns in london across our private funds group, marketing, communications, and compliance teams.
the opportunity network us : an organization founded as a direct response to the inequitable structures of access, college opportunity, and professional mobility that disproportionately affect students of color and first-generation college students.
pinebridge has offered networking, internship, and career opportunities to students starting from 11th grade of high school to and through college.
summer internship program hong kong : pinebridge took part in this program as part of the hong kong government's effort to facilitate development of the asset management sector in hong kong by providing opportunities to students at local universities.
image description: a photo showing multiple hands clasped together, symbolizing collaboration and partnership.
pinebridge's commitment to nzam with its commitment to nzam, pinebridge seeks to ensure that: 70% of financed emissions in net zero scope are assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement by 2025. 90% of financed emissions in net zero scope are assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement by 2030. over 7,900 trees were planted on their behalf since 2021 through a partnership with tree nation, the equivalent of taking nearly 300 internal combustion engine cars off the road 15 . 44% market share: pinebridge's award-winning platform 16 now dominates taiwan's esg investment market, with the largest esg-related aum 17 . our planet: taking up the challenge of bending the curve 15 source: “the forest of pinebridge investments.” tree-nation.
https://tree-nation.com/profile/pinebridge-investments.
16 please refer to awards referenced on page 24. 17 source: sitca as of december 2022. sustainable practices and net-zero initiatives the focus of sustainable practices has transitioned from merely managing regulatory and reputational risks to ensuring the resilience of operations and the ability to adapt to changing conditions.
deepening our involvement with the global investment industry to meet universal climate and social goals, in 2021 we became a signatory to the net zero asset managers initiative nzam . nzam aims to reduce carbon emissions to align with 1.5°c and to support investing aligned with net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner, as stated in the paris agreement.
the 301 signatories to nzam represent united states dollar59 trillion in assets under management.
18 in 2022, we published our first interim targets, identifying investments in scope that we intend to hold to the same standards and timeline.
we are also working with the institutional investors group on climate change iigcc , a consortium of over 370 institutional investors and asset managers, which seeks to drive real action toward reaching the same goals.
18 source: net zero asset managers initiative as of 31 december 2022, https://www.netzeroassetmanagers.org/ net zero: we're on the clock when pinebridge signed onto nzam in november 2021, we committed to a tight time frame to define, assess, and manage our investments in compliance with the goal of global net zero emissions.
now that our baseline and initial scope 10% of the firm's aum, or united states dollar13.9 billion has been set, the next step is assessing the emissions associated with each.
a timeline showing key milestones in pinebridge's net-zero journey.
2020 nzam initiative launches in december 2020, with the aim to galvanize the asset management industry to commit to a goal of net zero emissions.
2021 pinebridge officially gains signatory status and joins wave 5 in november 2021. 2022 in october 2022, pinebridge submitted its first decarbonization publication establishing a baseline for the firm's net zero goals, identifying assets in scope, and setting decarbonization plans in line with the expectations of nzam.
2023 pinebridge has begun implementing our decarbonization plan and engagement strategy to achieve our 2025 and 2030 targets.
nzam wave 3, wave 4, and wave 5 signatories were published on the nzam website and announced at cop27 in egypt.
pinebridge's net zero commitment investment strategy: pinebridge uses a four-category system for investment: net zero, aligned with net-zero principles, committed to aligning, or subject to direct engagement.
the firm leverages its position as a capital allocator to push for progress in each category.
projected engagement targets: by 2025: 70% of financed emissions within the net zero scope will be assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement.
. by 2030: 90% of financed emissions within the net zero scope will be assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement.
. this expansion is expected due to increased carbon reporting data and discussions with clients about evolving mandates.
across regions and asset classes across regions and asset classes, our investment teams have been deepening their understanding of what exactly this global journey to carbon neutrality will look like, and what else we can be doing to accelerate it – and to leverage it for added risk-return potential for our clients.
carbon handprint one example is the emerging concept of a “carbon handprint.” while the traditional climate-related investing framework has focused on the footprint – the total amount of greenhouse gases generated by a given set of activities – the carbon handprint emphasizes activities that help others reduce their footprint.
this could include anything from a tech firm that helps customers limit their travel by utilizing sustainably powered cloud and internet of things iot services, to a copper mine unearthing a critical raw material for wind turbines, solar panels, and electric vehicle batteries, to a bond issuer that invests in crop engineering to breed plants that can store more carbon in their roots.
in january 2023, our global equity team launched a strategy for our taiwanese clients specifically aimed at limiting the risks and capturing the opportunities related to the fight against climate change.
this is the latest of four esg-focused funds available to investors in taiwan.
esg leadership in taiwan pinebridge taiwan, which recently launched a carbon-reduction-focused fund, is a pioneer in developing esg products in taiwan, having established a suite of esg solutions across multi-asset, equity, and fixed income assets.
it now dominates the island's esg investment market, with the largest esg-related assets under management and a sweeping 44% market share in actively managed esg aum.
this leadership has earned pinebridge taiwan four esg-related awards over the past two years, as follows: table: pinebridge taiwan awards award: best securities & futures award for forward-looking innovation: pinebridge esg family, year: 2022, awarded by: securities & futures institute sfi award: asia asset management: best esg manager, year: 2022, awarded by: asia asset management aam award: asia asset management: most innovative product pinebridge global esg quant bond fund , year: 2021, awarded by: asia asset management aam award: the asset: esg fund manager and investors awards editor's triple star , year: 2021, awarded by: the asset table end.
notes: source: sitca as of december 2022. the referenced awards are for reference only.
no representation or warranty is made.
we reserve the right to revise any information at any time without prior notice.
all investment involves risks, including loss of principal.
past performance is not indicative of future performance.
third-party rankings from rating publications are no guarantee of future investment success.
working with a highly rated advisor does not ensure that a client or prospective client will experience a higher level of performance or results.
these ratings should not be construed as an endorsement of the advisor by any client nor are they representative of any one client's evaluation.
generally, ratings, rankings, and recognition are based on information prepared and submitted by the advisor, and are part of a process in which not all advisors elect to participate.
a more detailed disclosure of the criteria used in making these rankings is included above.
for details of the awards and methodology, please refer to the respective awarding bodies' websites links provided in the original document . pinebridge investments did not pay to be considered for these awards.
: illustrative image related to esg and environmental sustainability.
reforestation project: in 2021, pinebridge began reforestation initiatives in peru, madagascar, and india through a partnership with tree-nation, a non-profit organization that works with corporations and local planters around the world to plant trees.
aside from protecting biodiversity and offsetting carbon emissions, this initiative helps create jobs and support local communities.
so far, tree-nation has planted over 7,900 trees on our behalf, enough to eventually offset 1,317.79 metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions – the equivalent of taking nearly 300 internal combustion engine cars off the road.
table: reforestation project data as of 31 december 2022 location: madagascar, trees planted: 4048, percentage: 51%, hectares reforested: 1.3, co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 152.72 location: peru, trees planted: 2107, percentage: 27%, hectares reforested: 2.1, co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 406.67 location: india, trees planted: 1760, percentage: 22%, hectares reforested: 0.587, co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 758.40 location: total , trees planted: 7915 , percentage: 100% , hectares reforested: 4.04 , co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 1317.79 table end.
source: tree-nation as of 31 december 2022. see “the forest of pinebridge investments.” empowering our employees to act pinebridge supports employees in obtaining the cfa certificate in esg investing and the cfa climate & investing certificate.
we host an annual internal esg forum featuring both in-house and external experts discussing key topics, including geopolitics, the energy transition, commodities trends, and evolving policies.
the forum furthers our commitment to educating employees on esg topics and approaches as part of continued learning and development.
we conduct quarterly training with employees on our net zero asset managers initiative to track commitment, progress, and key actions.
source: "the forest of pinebridge investments.” treenation, as of 31 december 2022. . our portfolios: using our power as capital allocators we believe that a responsible investment approach should be wholly aligned with the core forward-looking investment philosophy and processes we employ across asset classes and investments to optimize our clients’ capital preservation and investment returns.
page 26 pinebridge's approach to responsible investing we recognize that esg issues may create both opportunities and risks for our clients' portfolios.
at pinebridge, we address these factors through our investment processes across our investment platform, including equity, fixed income, multi-asset, and alternatives, to gain a better understanding of their potential impact on current asset values, future performance, and best practices.
pinebridge believes an analytical approach that considers how companies are seeking to improve upon environmental, social, and governance issues can be material to risk mitigation and investment returns over the medium to long term.
in evaluating esg issues, pinebridge recognizes that business models which improve their approach to sustainability often create value and reduce adverse outcomes, which should be rewarded by markets.
pinebridge's three main principles: 1. integration of esg considerations 2. a focus on improvement on esg measures in key priority areas 3. embracing active engagement quote from kate faraday, global head of corporate responsibility: "as active investors, we often have a rare seat at the table with company management, and a focus on companies' improvement and potential for further gains – rather than simply point-in-time measures – is a consistent feature driving our distinct asset-class-specific approaches to sustainable investing and engagement." integration of esg considerations we've found that improvement in key esg metrics post-investment is increasingly associated with investment alpha.
we believe a forward-looking esg analysis can and should be incorporated into the end-to-end due diligence, asset selection, and portfolio monitoring processes for all investments – not just those with explicit esg mandates – in coordination with and on a similar footing as other risk and return drivers.
recently, we launched a series of funds, starting in taiwan, focused on specific areas of esg-related risks and opportunities.
we believe factors such as carbon reduction have risen to a level where they are worthy of an even higher-conviction approach for interested clients whose objectives and time horizons allow.
the new portfolios are similar to other types of strategies we offer where we think a tighter regional, sector, or thematic focus, appropriately risk-managed, can support even greater return potential; however, these new funds may come with even more concentrated potential to effect positive change.
customizing esg solutions for clients region: asia, client demand / investment challenge: a growing demand for esg investing opportunities from retail investors across risk appetites, solution: a comprehensive series of esg funds in taiwan, focused on fixed income, equity, and multi-asset client demand / investment challenge: meeting net zero commitments by investing in lower carbon-emitting assets, solution: an esg equity product focused on companies specializing in decarbonization, and the first local fund in taiwan linked to the paris agreement climate index region: us, client demand / investment challenge: a broad-based, quantitative approach to us equities that factors in esg-related risks and opportunities, solution: a sub-advised us equity strategy utilizing our research-enhanced quant framework that overlays esg metrics and research to guide allocation ranges and portfolio structuring table end.
02. a focus on improvement on esg measures in key priority areas we believe asset selection and monitoring should consider a thorough review of a company's risks and encourage a proactive effort to mitigate those risks over time.
we believe that if the underlying fundamentals of a business are sound and there is a willingness and ability on the part of management to make esg improvements, this is an area where we can find opportunities to effect change and reap the potential risk premiums associated.
not simply excluding issuers broadly, but encouraging opportunity for their improvement on esg metrics, may result in investments where attractive opportunities – both in terms of sustainable objectives and investment returns – are likely to be found.
“management teams respond more to owners than to conscientious objectors.
we believe divestment should not be the first port of call in esg if one's goal is to have an impact, as well as another source of alpha.” michael kelly, cfa global head of multi-asset investing 03. embracing active engagement related to the above, pinebridge takes an active approach to engagement, aligning ourselves with management teams receptive to making improvements.
when we refer to engagement, we mean purposeful, targeted communication on particular matters of concern, with the goal of encouraging change or addressing risk.
we focus on situations where active engagement can drive improvement in a company's practices, which may increase asset prices and develop the investment opportunities we seek.
we view engagement as an active dialogue between investors and the companies they invest in, which: fosters productive discussions of risks and opportunities provides companies with insight into best practices for corporate behavior offers actionable solutions measures progress based on continued dialogue by their nature, different asset classes have different platforms from which to engage, but we maintain a consistent approach across our investment platforms that prioritizes action and maintains a two-way dialogue to assess management teams' commitment to improving and monitoring progress.
we feel this is the best way to ensure that our engagement efforts will help move the needle on esg improvements that can benefit our clients' portfolios.
equities: ideally positioned for engagement the pinebridge fundamental equities team is ideally positioned to serve as esg advocates for our clients through our engagement and escalation process.
our equity risk assessment era framework highlights the sustainability issues that are most material to the investment case, and our deep due diligence and strong relationships with company management teams ensure that we can have productive dialogues on these issues.
our medium- to long-term holding periods enable us to track companies' progress against the engagement goals over the proper time frame.
additionally, we engage with companies across our equities platform, so we can typically communicate best practices for a target company's peer group.
“in equities, we are analyzing where a company is headed fundamentally over a multi-year horizon, and what might keep it from getting there — and esg sustainability-related risks are key to this determination.” urging a global consumer discretionary company to address greenhouse gas emissions in december 2021, we began an engagement with a company in our portfolio that is a leading global provider of food, facilities, and uniform services.
through our era framework, we determined that the company's greenhouse gas greenhouse gas intensity trend versus peers was relatively high and that their overall esg disclosures needed improvement.
we highlighted both issues as material business risks, as the company's customers were increasingly evaluating greenhouse gas emissions and overall esg trends when awarding contracts.
through a consistent dialogue with senior management, including the ceo, cfo, and head of sustainability for the company, we urged the company to focus on improving its greenhouse gas emissions trend and expanding esg disclosures to align with peers.
since our engagement, the company has improved its disclosures and submitted its near-term net zero targets to the science based targets initiative sbti . outcome: we are seeing signposts of improvement in the company's emissions performance as well as reporting.
while the engagement is ongoing, the company acknowledged our contribution and insights after its esg rating was double upgraded by msci.
fixed income: engagement on the issuance level maintaining relationships with all bond issuers under active coverage is critical, and fixed income analysts have regular contact with company management teams and generally meet in person with each company one to three times per year at on-site visits, investment conferences, issuer roadshows, and other venues.
we take an active approach to engaging with management teams on the esg issues that are most relevant to the issuer’s financial and operational sustainability.
although fixed income investors do not have equity voting rights, we’ve found that in many ways our active engagement of bondholders can be just as needle-moving – extending even to the very terms under which bonds are issued.
the un sustainability development goals help us maintain a balanced view of sustainability issues.
jonathan davis client portfolio manager and sustainable investment strategist, esg committee co-chair helping an indonesian utilities company form actionable carbon-reduction plans pinebridge has been engaging with a large utility in indonesia, a longtime portfolio holding currently rated bb on msci’s esg rating scale upgraded from b in november 2022 . management announced plans to invest around a quarter of its annual budgeted capex of approximately united states dollar4.5 billion toward esg initiatives over the next several years to transition from majority coal and gas-fired generation facilities to renewables, all part of a pledge to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. we’ve been probing how the company intends to fund these plans and challenging why it is simultaneously moving ahead with a pipeline of coal-fired plants, as well as how they will impact its credit quality and its long-term esg commitments.
our engagement has focused on helping the company develop a practical and time-bound roadmap while determining whether the magnitude of improvement is realistic, with a push to enhance transparency and reporting and ensure accountability.
outcome: the company enhanced communications on its targets, indicating that 52% of new capacity through 2030 will be renewables, to roughly 25% of the portfolio from 13% currently, and detailed the new infrastructure needed.
the company signed a memorandum of understanding with the asian development bank and the indonesian investment authority, indicating movement toward early retirement of coal facilities.
case study multi-asset: more active engagement when investing passively pinebridge's global multi-asset team assigns both current-state esg ratings and esg outlook ratings at the asset class level.
we incorporate these into our asset class valuations and convictions and use them when considering whether a particular asset class can be implemented passively or if a high component of underperforming esg constituents requires a more active approach.
we understand that the more passive we are in portfolio implementation, the more active we must be in engagement.
an asset class with a high percentage of poorly ranked esg firms without plans or commitments to improve places an unrealistic burden on engagement.
investing in such an asset class is often deemed feasible only through appropriate active strategies — those with very high active share and esg considerations.
we believe improvement in material esg factors can enhance companies' performance and that an open dialogue with active managers and investee companies can encourage transparency, drive change, and ultimately contribute to long-term sustainable value creation.
we use independent data sources to assess investee companies' current state and engage with those that are lagging with regard to climate, diversity, and labor practices to drive improvement and inform our proxy voting and investment decisions.
deanne nezas, cfa, fsa, maaa portfolio manager, global multi-asset, stewardship committee co-chair “in multi-asset, we understand that the more passive we are in portfolio implementation, the more active we must be in engagement.” case study: advocating that a us trucking company reduce emissions and improve disclosures our analysis of this passively invested us-based trucking company revealed that it lacked adequate emissions disclosures, which impeded the company's understanding of its fleet dynamics and areas of improvement.
we met with company management to advocate for increased transparency and to discuss the benefits of disclosing under the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd framework and reporting into the carbon disclosure project cdp . the company agreed that reducing emissions will enhance profit margins given that improvements in fuel efficiency of its fleet both drive profits and lower emissions.
to reduce emissions, the company maintains a young fleet of vehicles, allowing it to take advantage of improving technology.
it also is transitioning from propane to electric-powered forklifts and yard trucks in areas where electricity generation is cleaner than propane.
company management acknowledged that it has lagged on climate disclosures and is actively working toward rectifying the issue.
outcome: the company has engaged an esg consultant to assist with disclosures and a third-party engineering firm to gather data, enabling the company to report emissions and to identify critical areas of improvement.
the company also produced a sasb-aligned disclosure and is evaluating additional reporting frameworks, including plans to disclose directly to esg rating companies.
for illustrative purposes only.
the selected case studies have been chosen by pinebridge to illustrate our esg engagement process.
they are not necessarily representative or indicative of all investments made in any existing strategy or fund.
information provided about a portfolio company is intended to be illustrative and should not be used as an indication of current or future engagements.
past performance is not indicative of future results.
quantifying our impact with esg data: our proprietary cross-asset-class monitoring tool if there is one impediment to matching asset managers' sustainability ambitions with reality, it's access to relevant, high-quality esg data related to their targets.
this is part of the reason we support standards like those of the sustainability accounting standards board sasb , which has developed industry-specific materiality standards for company-reported data and advocates for more comprehensive reporting practices.
an area where we continue to identify room for significant progress is in asset managers' ability to capture precise, relevant, and comprehensive data about their own activities.
to this end, pinebridge has begun to build and fine-tune an internal esg data-capture and reporting tool designed to gather information on our engagement efforts across asset classes, house the data in a centralized location, and ensure we're capturing the details in a standardized way.
the tool first enables our investment teams to track company engagements by asset class, country, sector, industry, analyst, and esg theme.
it then allows for further data analysis to assess where we've spent the most time and where we've achieved the greatest impact across our esg goals.
this tool will help us remain accountable and to make progress toward our commitments.
as an active manager engaging in esg-related communications with company management teams around the world, the ability to more precisely quantify and analyze our entire body of activity is imperative to measuring our true impact.
. . notes: the images included show data visualizations related to esg performance.
specific data points from the images are not readily extractable due to image quality.
terms of engagement given the central role of company engagement in our investment management, it's all the more critical that we have well-thought-out and well-articulated policies and procedures in place to govern these efforts.
stewardship and engagement when engaging with company management teams, we always represent and advocate for our clients' best interests.
our main engagement priorities are climate change, dei, and human rights, although investment teams may supplement these priorities with other factors that may be material given the nature of the investment.
to learn more about our efforts, read our stewardship and engagement policy.
26 proxy voting and procedures our objective is to vote proxies in the best interests of our clients, and to ensure that our voting procedures are clearly outlined and that clients have ready access to how we voted and why.
we decide how to cast proxy votes on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration our policies and procedures, obligations under management agreements and fund bylaws, and other pertinent considerations.
moreover, we conduct annual reviews of our procedures and votes to ensure they are continuing to serve our clients' best interests within the context of changes in the investment, regulatory, and esg landscape.
access our proxy voting policy 27 to learn more about our approach.
table: proposal voted by pinebridge proposal: board-related proposal: director elections, 2021: 10,586, 2022: 11,490 proposal: independent chair, 2021: 30, 2022: 36 proposal: majority vote standard, 2021: 1, 2022: 2 proposal: declassify the board, 2021: 2, 2022: 3 proposal: adopt proxy access, 2021: 2, 2022: 1 proposal: amend proxy access, 2021: 15, 2022: 8 proposal: compensation proposal: advisory vote on compensation, 2021: 1199, 2022: 1370 proposal: equity compensation plans, 2021: 509, 2022: 605 proposal: shareholder rights proposal: right to act by written consent, 2021: 58, 2022: 6 proposal: right to call special meetings, 2021: 23, 2022: 76 proposal: reduce supermajority vote req, 2021: 8, 2022: 7 proposal: one-share-one-vote, 2021: 7, 2022: 5 proposal: environmental and social issues proposal: climate change, 2021: 26, 2022: 65 proposal: lobbying / political activities, 2021: 40, 2022: 52 proposal: human capital, 2021: 30, 2022: 33 proposal: human rights, 2021: 7, 2022: 23 proposal: other e&s-related proposals, 2021: 36, 2022: 60 proposal: community - environmental impact, 2021: 3, 2022: 4 table end.
source: institutional shareholder services iss , pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. includes all instances in which client submitted a vote.
26 access our policies via https://www.pinebridge.com/en/about-us/corporate-responsibility.
27 access our policies via https://www.pinebridge.com/en/about-us/corporate-responsibility board-related governance voting results 2021-2022 this table summarizes the voting results comparing pinebridge votes to iss recommendations on various board-related governance matters in 2021 and 2022. data excludes instances where management vote recommendation is "none".
table: governance voting results comparison source: institutional shareholder services iss , pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. note: the data excludes instances where the management vote recommendation was "none".
esg alpha: em bonds mark the spot emerging markets are home to four-fifths of the world's population and responsible for more than two-thirds of its carbon emissions.
28 this means em countries will need significant climate financing to reduce emissions and better prepare for climate disasters.
yet until recently, there were broad concerns among investors and the asset management community that em investing was incompatible with sustainable investing, largely due to misconceptions about corporate governance and concerns about the availability of esg-related reporting data.
improvements in the quality of em data reporting have made it possible for more managers focused on esg to invest in em.
but there's another reason ems are finally moving up investors' esg priority lists: more are recognizing that esg considerations layered onto the usual market inefficiencies in ems can be a rich source of alpha.
for our part, we have seen robust growth in assets under management aum in the past six years, particularly among our em corporate bond strategies, which now exceed united states dollar15 billion 29 across pinebridge's global and asia-focused strategies.
this growth provides a greater platform from which we can engage with companies on sustainability issues.
it also, in our view, carries the responsibility of leadership to define well-rounded sustainability objectives and values for the benefit of our investment partners, both investors and investees.
with that in mind, we have galvanized our sustainable investment efforts in the pursuit of well-defined goals, including environmental and social sustainability, with a focus on four key un sustainable development goals see graphic . outside in: the next wave in 'greening' real estate with pinebridge benson elliot in some sectors, the costs associated with the green energy transition are some of the greatest risks that business and asset owners face today.
manage those costs well, however, and it can be a major source of differentiation and, ultimately, savings for decades to come.
perhaps nowhere are the stakes as clear as in the commercial real estate sector, especially in europe, where tightening regulatory standards and the rising footnotes: 28 source: world bank as of 30 september 2022. we are not soliciting or recommending any action based on this material.
any opinions, projections, estimates, forecasts and forward-looking statements presented herein are valid only as of the date of this presentation and are subject to change.
for illustrative purposes only.
29 source: pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. pinebridge benson elliot's sustainable practices sustainable logistics and office space development 1. logistics space: the team focuses on projects designed for high environmental specifications, including a zero-carbon in-operation footprint.
this approach reduces potential future conversion costs and protects against rising energy costs.
an example is a project in northeast turin, italy, part of an italian real estate investment fund reif with a portfolio aggregation strategy focused on acquiring existing properties near urban centers, major roads, and labor, alongside developing grade a modern logistics assets.
2. office sector: pinebridge benson elliot works towards implementing breeam certifications.
these internationally recognized assurances ensure projects meet scheme requirements.
the firm emphasizes sustainable design, starting with building material choices to lower carbon intensity e.grams., using cross-laminated timber instead of concrete where appropriate . 3. sustainable office approach example: the building shown above, , exemplifies sustainable office practices.
this iconic grade-a office building was extended from a 1970s structure in la défense, near paris.
other examples include properties in regional hubs throughout poland, where low acquisition costs enabled green refurbishments.
footnotes: 30. note: the examples provided refer to specific investments and are not representative of the whole portfolio.
please refer to www.pinebridge.com for more information.
31. source: breeam website: https://bregroup.com/products/breeam/breeam-usa/?infinity=ict2 net gaw cmp 1768086303 our policies: the codes we work and live by serving our clients' best interests begins with each of us at pinebridge, and we have instituted several policies that reflect our value system and principles and guide how we conduct ourselves worldwide.
these policies align with the un global compact, the umbrella framework for the un sdgs that are so central to our "real-world change" approach to corporate and social responsibility.
the compact requires signatories to “at a minimum, meet fundamental responsibilities in the areas of human rights, labour, environment, and anti-corruption.” as a responsible global asset manager, investor, and stakeholder, we are committed to meeting the distinct legal and regulatory obligations and source: un global compact.
https://unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles the image depicts a stylized graphic design representing various aspects of corporate policies and principles, including icons related to communication, governance, and compliance.
the color scheme is predominantly blue and white, reflecting a sense of trust and professionalism.
ethical business conduct the following are key aspects of pinebridge's policies on ethical business conduct: code of ethics our code of ethics prioritizes client interests.
it addresses conflicts of interest, personal trading, data security, fair dealing, anti-money laundering, political activities, confidentiality, anti-bribery, and ethical business standards.
product governance pinebridge regularly reviews investment products, considering any event that could materially affect potential risks or suitability for the target market.
existing products are reviewed for consistency with target market needs, characteristics, and objectives, with adjustments made as necessary.
anti-corruption and bribery pinebridge maintains a global anti-corruption policy compliant with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the uk bribery act, and similar laws.
a global economic sanctions policy ensures compliance with applicable sanctions lists.
anti-money laundering policies address money laundering and terrorist financing prevention.
a firmwide financial crimes control framework integrates compliance controls into enterprise risk monitoring and management, adhering to the most stringent compliance control standards.
climate policy our climate change policy is centered on modifying our business activities to support carbon reduction, engaging with portfolio companies to improve their approach to sustainability, and finding opportunities with companies that demonstrate a prudent investment opportunity along with a path toward supporting global carbon neutrality.
read our climate policy 33 to learn more.
modern slavery modern slavery refers to forced or bonded labor, deprivation of personal freedom, and facilitating the movement of people for exploitation.
we are committed to acting ethically to protect human rights and to combat slavery and human trafficking violations related to our own operations, supply chains, and services.
while we believe there is a low risk of modern slavery or human trafficking within the firm's operations or supply chain, we maintain ongoing due diligence of both our internal processes and material outsourced third-party functions.
we have also implemented firm-wide mandatory employee training programs on the issues of modern slavery and human trafficking.
risk management managing and mitigating risks is a top priority and a key area of oversight by our board of directors.
pinebridge's global risk committee reports to the board and is tasked with identifying, assessing, and managing risks across the firm.
co-chaired by the chief operating officer and the chief finance and risk officer, the committee comprises senior representatives from the it, compliance, investment, legal, and operations departments, providing a comprehensive and multi-faceted view of critical business areas.
cybersecurity: we take cybersecurity seriously and manage this critical function through the data privacy and security subcommittee of our global risk committee, which in turn reports to the board of directors.
we have also used external vendors in an advisory capacity, including engaging with vendors through our cyber insurance provider to address any real-time attacks and using a third party to investigate and remediate any future potential breaches.
data protection and client privacy: ensuring privacy is fundamental to maintaining the trust and confidence of our investors.
we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and security of non-public personal information about current, prospective, and former clients and individual investors in our funds.
33 source: pinebridge investments' climate policy november 2021 . https://www.pinebridge.com/ assets/pdfs/pinebridge-climate-policy nov-2021.pdf business continuity pinebridge maintains full business continuity capabilities for its critical office locations.
plans are maintained to facilitate crisis communications to all staff, along with evacuation procedures and relocation of key business functions to alternate facilities, and the recovery of critical information technology systems.
stewardship and engagement policy our stewardship and engagement policy sets forth how pinebridge endeavors to interact with companies, entities, and other market participants on esg issues.
the policy broadly applies to all asset classes, with the aim of achieving the investment and esg objectives of pinebridge and its clients.
to learn more about our approach, read our stewardship and engagement policy.
34 proxy voting and procedures as with our other engagements, our objective is to vote proxies in the best interests of our clients, and to ensure that our voting procedures are clearly outlined and that clients have ready access to how we voted and why.
we conduct annual reviews of our procedures and votes to ensure they are continuing to serve our clients' best interests within the context of changes in the investment, regulatory, and esg landscape.
access our proxy voting policy 35 to learn more about our approach.
quote from william corson, global head of compliance "at our firm, trust is the most important currency.
holding ourselves accountable is not just about meeting regulatory requirements but demonstrating that we always act in the best interests of our investors.
to achieve this, we must be proactive in anticipating regulatory changes and understanding their implications for our clients." sources: 34 source: pinebridge investments' stewardship & engagement policy 20 december 2021 . pinebridge-engagement-policy-dec-2021.pdf 35 source: pinebridge investments' proxy voting policies and procedures 20 december 2021 . pinebridge-investment-llc-proxy-voting-summary.pdf our purpose-driven future sergio ramirez head of global client group & head of americas chair of corporate responsibility steering committee co-chair of diversity, equity, and inclusion committee at pinebridge, we believe in responsible corporate citizenship at pinebridge, we believe the success of our business is intrinsically linked to our commitment to being responsible corporate citizens.
by prioritizing responsible practices in all aspects of our business, we can build a stronger, more resilient organization that is better equipped to meet the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow.
as we come to the end of our second annual corporate responsibility report, we want to thank you for taking the time to learn about our efforts – all of which ultimately seek to fulfill our commitments to clients as capital allocators focused on risk management and alpha generation, while striving to be conscientious corporate citizens.
we recognize that quantifying the impact of our corporate responsibility programs with real, objective data is a challenging but important task.
we hope that this report has provided you with a comprehensive overview of our progress toward becoming a more responsible and sustainable firm.
we are proud of our achievements in 2022 and remain committed to advancing our corporate responsibility goals and reporting on our progress to our clients and other stakeholders.
with a focus on resilience and responsibility, we are confident in our ability to create positive change and make a lasting impact.
thank you for your continued support and partnership as we work toward a better tomorrow.
sergio ramirez head of global client group & head of americas disclosure statement pinebridge investments is a group of international companies that provides investment advice and markets asset management products and services to clients around the world.
pinebridge investments is a registered trademark proprietary to pinebridge investments ip holding company limited.
readership: this document is intended solely for the addressee s and may not be redistributed without the prior permission of pinebridge investments.
its content may be confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information.
pinebridge investments and its subsidiaries are not responsible for any unlawful distribution of this document to any third parties, in whole or in part.
opinions: any opinions expressed in this document represent the views of the manager, are valid only as of the date indicated, and are subject to change without notice.
there can be no guarantee that any of the opinions expressed in this document or any underlying position will be maintained at the time of this presentation or thereafter.
we are not soliciting or recommending any action based on this material.
risk warning: all investments involve risk, including possible loss of principal.
if applicable, the offering document should be read for further details including the risk factors.
our investment management services relate to a variety of investments, each of which can fluctuate in value.
the investment risks vary between different types of instruments.
for example, for investments involving exposure to a currency other than that in which the portfolio is denominated, changes in the rate of exchange may cause the value of investments, and consequently the value of the portfolio, to go up or down.
in the case of a higher volatility portfolio, the loss on realization or cancellation may be very high including total loss of investment , as the value of such an investment may fall suddenly and substantially.
in making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of the merits and risks involved.
performance notes: past performance is not indicative of future results.
there can be no assurance that any investment objective will be met.
pinebridge investments often uses benchmarks for the purpose of comparison of results.
benchmarks are used for illustrative purposes only, and any such references should not be understood to mean there would necessarily be a correlation between investment returns of any investment and any benchmark.
any referenced benchmark does not reflect fees and expenses associated with the active management of an investment.
pinebridge investments may, from time to time, show the efficacy of its strategies or communicate general industry views via modeling.
such methods are intended to show only an expected range of possible investment outcomes, and should not be viewed as a guide to future performance.
there is no assurance that any returns can be achieved, that the strategy will be successful or profitable for any investor, or that any industry views will come to pass.
actual investors may experience different results.
information is unaudited unless otherwise indicated, and any information from third-party sources is believed to be reliable, but pinebridge investments cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness.
this document and the information contained herein does not constitute and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or provision of financial advice and accordingly should not be construed as such.
the securities and any other products or services referenced in this document may not be licensed in all jurisdictions, and unless otherwise indicated, no regulator or government authority has reviewed this document or the merits of the products and services referenced herein.
this document and the information contained herein has been made available in accordance with the restrictions and/or limitations implemented by any applicable laws and regulations.
this document is directed at and intended for institutional and qualified investors as such term is defined in each jurisdiction in which the security is marketed . this document is provided on a confidential basis for informational purposes only and may not be reproduced in any form.
before acting on any information in this document, prospective investors should inform themselves of and observe all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any relevant jurisdictions and obtain independent advice if required.
this document is for the use of the named addressee only and should not be given, forwarded or shown to any other person other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof . disclosures by location: australia: pinebridge investments llc is exempt from the requirement to hold an australian financial services license under the corporations act 2001 cth in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients, and is not licensed to provide financial services to individual investors or retail clients.
nothing herein constitutes an offer or solicitation to anyone in or outside australia where such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to whom it is unlawful.
this information is not directed to any person to whom its publication or availability is restricted.
brazil: pinebridge investments is not accredited with the brazilian securities commission - cvm to perform investment management services.
the investment management services may not be publicly offered or sold to the public in brazil.
documents relating to the investment management services as well as the information contained therein may not be supplied to the public in brazil.
chile: pinebridge investments is not registered or licensed in chile to provide managed account services and is not subject to the supervision of the comisión para el mercado financiero of chile "cmf" . the managed account services may not be publicly offered or sold in chile.
colombia: this document does not have the purpose or the effect of initiating, directly or indirectly, the purchase of a product or the rendering of a service by pinebridge investments “investment adviser" to colombian residents.
the investment adviser's products and/or services may not be promoted or marketed in colombia or to colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is made in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and/or securities related products or services in colombia.
the investment adviser has not received authorisation of licensing from the financial superintendency of colombia or any other governmental authority in colombia to market or sell its financial products or services in colombia.
by receiving this document, each recipient resident in colombia acknowledges and agrees that such recipient has contacted the investment adviser at its own initiative and not as a result of any promotion or publicity by the investment adviser or any of its representatives.
colombian residents acknowledge and represent that 1 the receipt of this presentation does not constitute a solicitation from the investment adviser for its financial products and/or services, and 2 they are not receiving from the investment adviser any direct or indirect promotion or marketing of financial products and/or services of a foreign financial or securities related entity represented in colombia.
promoción y oferta de los negocios y servicios de la entidad del mercado de valores del exterior o financiera, según sea el caso representada en colombia.
dubai: pinebridge investments europe limited is regulated by the dubai financial services authority as a representative office and is germany: this material is issued by pinebridge investments deutschland gmbh, licensed and regulated by the bundesanstalt für finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bafin . hong kong: the issuer of this document is pinebridge investments asia limited, a company incorporated in bermuda with limited liability, licensed and regulated by the securities and futures commission sfc . this document has not been reviewed by the sfc.
ireland: when this document is issued in the eea, unless stated otherwise, it is approved and issued by pinebridge investments ireland limited, licensed and regulated by the central bank of ireland.
israel: pinebridge investments is neither licensed nor insured under the israeli investment advice law.
japan: this document is not, and under no circumstances is to be considered as, a public offering of securities in japan.
no registration pursuant to article 4 paragraph 1 of japan's financial instruments and exchange act "fiea" has been or will be made with respect to any solicitation of applications for acquisition of interests of any vehicle or any account that may be undertaken, on the grounds that any such solicitation would constitute a “solicitation for qualified institutional investors” as set forth in article 23-13, paragraph 1 of the fiea.
in japan, this document is directed at and intended for qualified institutional investors as such term is defined in article 2, paragraph 3, item 1 of the fiea; “qiis” . if any offering is to be made, that would be made on the condition that each investor enters into an agreement whereby the investor covenants not to transfer its interests i to persons other than qils, or ii without entering into an agreement whereby the transferee covenants not to transfer its interests to persons other than qils.
kuwait: the offering of any security in any vehicle has not been approved or licensed by the kuwait capital markets authority or any other relevant licensing authorities in the state of kuwait, and accordingly does not constitute a public offer in the state of kuwait in accordance with law no.
7 for 2010 regarding the establishment of the capital markets authority and the regulating securities activities "cma law" . this document is strictly private and confidential and is being issued to a limited number of professional investors: a who meet the criteria of a professional client by nature as defined in article 2-6 of module 8 of the executive regulations no.
72 of 2015 of the cma law; b upon their request and confirmation that they understand that the securities have not been approved or licensed by or registered with the kuwait capital markets authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the state of kuwait; and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes whatsoever.
malaysia: pinebridge investments malaysia sdn bhd is licensed and regulated by securities commission of malaysia sc . this material is not reviewed or endorsed by the sc.
netherlands: pinebridge investment ireland limited, netherlands branch is licensed and regulated by the dutch authority for the financial markets afm . this is a branch office of pinebridge investments ireland limited, licensed and regulated by the central bank of ireland.
peru: specifically, the interests will not be subject to a public offering in peru.
the interests described herein have not been and will not be approved by or registered with the peruvian superintendency of capital markets superintendencia del mercado de valores, or the "smv" or the lima stock exchange bolsa de valores de lima . accordingly, the interests may not be offered or sold in peru except, among others, if such offering is considered a private offer under the securities laws and regulations of peru.
the interests cannot be offered or sold in peru or in any other jurisdiction except in compliance with the securities laws thereof.
in making an investment decision, institutional investors as defined by peruvian law must rely on their own examination of the terms of the offering of the interests to determine their ability to invest in the interests.
all content in this document is for information or general use only.
the information contained in this document is referential and may not be construed as an offer, invitation or recommendation, nor should be taken as a basis to take or stop taking any decision.
this document has been prepared on the basis of public information that is subject to change.
this information may not be construed as services provided by pinebridge investments within peru without having the corresponding banking or similar license according to the applicable regulation.
singapore: pinebridge investments singapore limited is licensed and regulated by the monetary authority of singapore mas . in singapore, this material may not be suitable to a retail investor.
this advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the mas.
sweden: pinebridge investments ireland limited sweden filial is licensed and regulated by finansinspektionen.
this is a branch office of pinebridge investments ireland limited, licensed and regulated by the central bank of ireland.
switzerland: this material is issued by pinebridge investments switzerland gmbh and classes this communication as a financial promotion which is intended for institutional and professional clients as defined by the swiss federal financial services act "finsa” . taiwan: pinebridge investments management taiwan ltd.
is licensed and regulated by securities and futures bureau of taiwan sfb . in taiwan, this material may not be suitable to investors and is not reviewed or endorsed by the sfb.
united kingdom: this material is issued by pinebridge investments europe limited, licensed and regulated by the financial conduct authority.
in the uk this communication is a financial promotion solely intended for professional clients as defined in the fca handbook and has been approved by pinebridge investments europe limited.
should you like to request a different classification, please contact your pinebridge representative.
in the uk, this material may also be issued by pinebridge benson elliot llp, registered in england company number oc317119 with its registered address at 50 hans crescent, london, sw1x 0na.
pinebridge benson elliot llp is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority.
uruguay: the sale of the securities qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of uruguayan law 18.627. the issuer represents and agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any securities to the public in uruguay, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under uruguayan laws and regulations.
the securities are not and will not be registered with the central bank of uruguay to be publicly offered in uruguay.
the securities correspond to investment funds that are not investment funds regulated by uruguayan law 16,774 dated 27 september 1996, as amended.
where applicable, the manager may determine to terminate any arrangements made for marketing the shares in one or more jurisdictions in accordance with the aifm directive and ucits directive respectively, as may be amended from time to time.
investors and potential investors can obtain a summary of investor rights and information on access to collective redress mechanisms at www.pinebridge.com/investorrights.
last updated 04 january 2022. there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
about pinebridge investments pinebridge investments is a private, global asset manager focused on active, high-conviction investing.
we draw on the collective power of our experts in each discipline, market, and region of the world through an open culture of collaboration designed to identify the best ideas.
our mission is to exceed clients' expectations on every level, every day.
as of 31 december 2022, the firm managed united states dollar143.1 billion across global asset classes for sophisticated investors around the world.
investment strategies: multi-asset fixed income equities alternatives