sing investments & finance rebranded as singfinance 2023 annual report there is no other textual or tabular data available in the provided image.
the image primarily consists of a cover page with a logo and branding announcement.
the image provided contains only a background graphic and no textual or tabular data to extract.
therefore, no markdown output can be generated.
meet a refreshed sing investments & finance limited over the past 60 years, sing investments & finance has served the interests of both companies and individuals with distinction and pride.
whether it is partnering with the business community to meet their aspirations or providing a safe haven for individuals to protect and grow their funds, sing investments & finance has always sought to be a trusted partner to our clients.
to mark our 60th anniversary, we have refreshed our brand and our logo, while remaining steadfast to the values that have marked our journey.
logo rationale our new brand name is singfinance, and our refreshed logo will feature a gemstone, symbolising trust and simplicity, made up of four hexagons that come together to form a robust octagon of strength and unity.
committed to stellar service for our customers, sing investments & finance will continue to uphold our three core values – sincerity, integrity, and flexibility – each one represented by one of the three blue hexagons of the new logo.
the gold hexagon, in gold, is symbolic of the bright and prosperous future sing investments & finance aims to create for our customers.
the four hexagons also form a star in their centre, reminiscent of our original star symbol.
company's name remains the same but even as we are changing the way we look, we are still sing investments & finance limited, a name that resonates with integrity, trust, and reliability over the years.
we began our journey in 1964 as a finance company that provided a tailored, thoughtful, and trustworthy experience to small and medium enterprises.
listed on the singapore exchange in 1983, we have since expanded our services to retail consumers by providing secured loans and deposit services.
we have grown our footprint across the island by setting up four branches in strategic locations to ensure that we are always within reach of our customers.
sincerity, integrity, and flexibility are also a crucial part of our dna and we have always subscribed to the importance of strong corporate governance.
to this end, our work in creating strong structures has been validated by multiple wins at the singapore corporate awards and securities investors association singapore investors' choice awards.
but while we have been steadfast in keeping to our values, sing investments & finance has always stayed flexible and nimble to continually adapt to the changing business landscape.
in 2019, we launched sif mobile for our retail customers.
with a flick on the phone, they can access services like savings accounts and fixed deposits.
three years later, we launched sif biz in 2022. the app is a one-stop platform for business owners to review their finances and create online transactions such as placing fixed deposits and making loan repayments with sing investments & finance.
we have evolved and will continue to do so.
staying still is not an option as we confront a future that remains clouded with uncertainty.
but we are clear on one thing: we will continue to seize opportunities together with our partners, stakeholders, and clients.
together we can, and we will.
a diagram showing interconnected nodes, symbolizing the company's network and collaboration.
our vision bridging futures at singfinance, we see the possibilities of dreams.
whether it is a new home, a business venture, or a new project you are envisioning, none are too big or too small.
because we believe in them.
we see your future as our very own.
our mission bridging futures to create opportunities for you sincerity, innovation and future are the three words that underscore everything we do.
we believe in finance that genuinely creates and brings better possibilities to you.
we work towards innovating our products and services, partnering closely with you to create new opportunities, to achieve your goals, to unlock value for greater growth.
our core values sincerity at the heart of our unparalleled service is sincerity.
we serve with utmost sincerity and approach every customer's needs with a listening ear.
we understand and strive to bring the best to every customer.
integrity integrity underscores all our business dealings and is a core value we hold dear.
it is the very heart and foundation we have built over the years to galvanize the trust bestowed on us.
it is what gives our customers the peace of mind and is a value we will continue to strongly uphold.
flexibility flexibility is a trait we abide by in our service.
with singfinance's rich history and strong heritage as a trusted financial institution, we are well-placed to offer a dynamic alignment of flexible financing solutions to meet every customer's needs.
singfinance rebranding say hello to our new brand identity this year marks our 60th anniversary as a homegrown financial institution.
having grown with singapore for six decades, we are celebrating our new chapter with something different — a refreshed identity with the abbreviated 'singfinance' brand name.
while our logo is now different, you'll be glad to know some things are reassuringly the same.
we are still sing investments & finance limited.
we may have digitalised our services but we are always here for you because we understand the value of friendly and personal communication.
thank you for journeying with us.
the new logo the new logo features a gemstone, symbolising trust and simplicity, made up of four hexagons that come together to form a robust octagon of strength and unity.
the three blue hexagons uphold our three core values — sincerity, integrity and flexibility.
the gold hexagon reflects the bright and exciting future we aim to create with our customers.
together, the four hexagons form a star in their centre, reminiscent of our original star symbol.
branch locations head office: 96 robinson road, 01-01, sif building, singapore 068899, tel: 6305 0300 ang mo kio branch: block 715, 01-4006, ang mo kio ave 6, singapore 560715, tel: 6456 0588 bedok branch: block 202, 01-479/481, bedok north street 1, singapore 460202, tel: 6445 9596 jurong branch: block 131, 01-255, jurong gateway road, singapore 600131, tel: 6775 7248 website: www.singfinance.com.sg contents about us page 05 chairman's statement page 07 corporate information page 11 board of directors page 12 corporate governance statement page 17 sustainability report page 41 performance review page 80 5 years financial summary page 85 financial reports page 87 additional information page 181 statistics of shareholdings page 182 notice of annual general meeting page 184 additional information on directors seeking re-election page 190 proxy form page 190 about us sing investments & finance limited “singfinance” was incorporated in singapore on 13 november 1964 and was listed on the singapore stock exchange in july 1983. the company has 60 years of experience in finance company business in singapore.
singfinance has four branches at the following strategic locations: 96 robinson road ang mo kio avenue 6 bedok north street 1 jurong gateway road the company has one subsidiary, sing investments & finance nominees pte.
ltd.
the principal activities of the subsidiary are those of a nominee service company.
what we do singfinance is a licensed finance company under the finance companies act 1967. our principal activities include accepting deposits from the public and providing loans and credit facilities to individuals and corporations, particularly the small and medium-sized enterprises “smes” in singapore.
singfinance embraces digital technology to offer convenience and better services to its customers.
singfinance has launched digital apps and platforms for both retail and business customers, with the goal of making it easier for customers to conduct financial transactions online from anywhere, at any time.
the digital apps and platforms offer a suite of online services, such as fund transfer, checking account balance, viewing transaction history and placing fixed deposit.
our objective singfinance prides itself on offering competitive products and services, ensuring our customers can conduct transactions conveniently.
over the years, singfinance has built up a strong base of loyal customers who place their trust in the company.
singfinance will continue to develop its business with integrity and high standards of business ethics, be responsive to its customers’ needs and provide flexible financing solutions to address their financing needs and be their go-to financial partner.
our products & services singfinance offers a full range of products and services to both its retail and corporate/sme customers.
deposits business current account fixed deposits fixed deposits fd online gosavers account online giro saver account savings account conveyancing account govault account personal financing housing loan hdb loan car loan share loan commercial property loan corporate/sme financing commercial property loan land & construction loan machinery loan government-backed sme loans block discounting financing floor stock financing shipping loan account receivables/invoice factoring unsecured business loan personal e-services sif mobile app sif online browser corporate/sme e-services sif biz mobile app sif biz online browser table: financial data data point: 1,097.95 data point: 0.00 data point: 26,717.43 data point: 7,534.44 data point: 12,512.54 data point: 28,875.56 table end.
awards singfinance is honoured to have been recognised for its achievements in the industry.
the awards are a testament to its business approach and the expertise of its directors, management and staff.
2023 the edge centurion club awards in banking & investments services + collective investments + fintech & infrastructure + insurance sector : highest returns to shareholders over 3 years highest growth in profit after tax over 3 years overall sector winner singapore corporate awards 2023 in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category : best managed board award gold best risk management award gold best annual report award bronze singapore governance and transparency index special commendation award small cap 2022 sias investors' choice awards 2022 – small cap : singapore corporate governance award – runner-up shareholder communications excellence award - winner singapore corporate awards 2022 – best managed board award silver in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category 2021 singapore corporate awards 2021 – special edition corporate excellence and resilience award sias investors' choice awards 2021 – singapore corporate governance award small cap - winner singapore governance and transparency index special commendation award small cap 2019 singapore corporate awards 2019 – in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category : mr lee sze leong, best chief executive officer winner best risk management merit sias investors' choice awards 2019 – singapore corporate governance award small cap – runner up 2018 sias investors' choice awards 2018 – singapore corporate governance award small cap – winner 2017 sias investors' choice awards 2017 – singapore corporate governance award small cap – winner 2016 singapore corporate awards 2016 – best managed board award gold in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category singapore governance and transparency forum 2016 – special commendation award small cap 2015 singapore corporate awards 2015 - best managed board award bronze in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category chairman's statement "we are excited to unveil our new identity – singfinance – and new corporate logo that symbolises our dedication and commitment to our core values." on behalf of the board, i am pleased to present the annual report of the group and the company for the financial year ended 31 december 2023. celebrating a milestone founded in 1964, and listed on the sgx main board since 1983, sing investments & finance limited celebrates its 60th anniversary this year.
we are proud to be a member of singapore's financial community, serving our customers for six decades.
the company has consistently delivered sustainable financial performance while maintaining a high standard of corporate governance.
we have been honoured with numerous accolades that acknowledge our excellence in corporate governance.
on the technological front, the company has been digitising our products, services and operations to stay competitive and attract new customers in the fast-changing financial landscape.
we provide mobile apps for our retail and corporate customers to conduct transactions conveniently anywhere, anytime.
i would like to commend our management and employees for the success in growing the company from strength to strength over the past 60 years.
introducing singfinance we have recently unveiled our new corporate identity – singfinance – and a new corporate logo that embodies our dedication to the values that have contributed to our success and continue to underpin the next phase of our growth.
as singfinance, we will remain your trusted partner and friend.
we will continue to serve our customers with the same enthusiasm and commitment that has been our hallmark.
we will continue to help our customers succeed and strive to preserve the trust and reputation that we have developed with our stakeholders.
. singinvestments & finance limited creating possibilities together 4 hexagons converge to form a robust octagon.
at the heart of it is our original star of excellence.
blue hexagons signify sincerity, integrity & flexibility.
gold hexagon embodies the future that we wish to create.
. chairman's statement 2023 i would now like to explain our financial results for the year 2023. against the backdrop of softer global demand, singapore's economy moderated in 2023, growing at a rate of 1.1% compared to the 3.8% expansion seen in 2022. according to the financial stability review 2023 of the monetary authority of singapore “mas” , non-banking lending in singapore declined by 6.2% year-on-year in september 2023, amidst slow growth and low demand for credit.
notwithstanding the sluggish economic conditions, singfinance delivered a resilient set of financial results.
the group's net profit after tax of $33.2 million for fy 2023, which was 11% lower than the previous year, is the second highest in our history.
as interest rates stayed high, the rise in the cost of deposits outpaced the increase in loan yields, resulting in lower net interest margin "nim" and hence lower total income and net profit compared to 2022. singfinance management worked tirelessly to cushion the impact of lower nim on our financial performance.
despite the decline in non-bank lending in singapore in 2023, singfinance continued to grow our loan portfolio.
our customer loans reached a new record of $2.45 billion as at 31 december 2023 on the back of a robust 7.5% year-on-year increase in average loan volume.
at the same time, management's focus on managing non-performing loans by working closely with customers yielded significant results in 2023. a write-back of $7.5 million of credit allowance and bad debts partially offset the negative impact of lower nim on profit.
as a result, our non-performing loan ratio improved to 0.4% as at 31 december 2023, compared to 1.1% a year ago.
dividends the board is pleased to recommend a first and final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 6 singapore cents per share 2022: 6.7 singapore cents per share, 2021: 5.3 singapore cents per share, and 2020: 2.4 singapore cents per share after adjusting for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue on 19 may 2023 . the dividends are subject to shareholder approval at the coming annual general meeting.
decade of solid growth metric: net profit, 10-year cagr growth: +11% metric: loan growth, 10-year cagr growth: +58% table end.
the group has achieved strong growth over the last decade.
net profit after tax nearly tripled to $33.2 million in 2023 from $11.5 million 10 years ago.
we also delivered a stellar 11% compounded annual growth in net profits over the 10-year period.
concurrently, our loan books expanded by 58% over the same period.
this sustainable long-term growth would not have been possible without the trust and steadfast support of our customers as well as the strong commitment of our management and colleagues to building strong and deep relationships with our customers and business partners.
we will continue to leverage on our experience and capabilities to serve our customers to the best of our ability.
awards and recognition singfinance was honoured to have been conferred the following at the singapore corporate awards "sca" 2023, under the category of listed companies of less than $300 million in market capitalisation: gold awards: best managed board best risk management bronze award: best annual report the sca recognises the exemplary corporate governance practices among singapore's listed companies.
the recognition by sca is a testament to our commitment to upholding the trust and confidence of our stakeholders through the highest standards of corporate governance.
chairman's statement in addition, we retained the 11th position out of 474 listed companies assessed in the 2023 singapore governance transparency index survey.
we have been consistently ranked in the top 5% for the past 10 years.
our financial performance was also recognised by the edge centurion club awards in the banking & investment services, collective investments, fintech & infrastructure and insurance sector: overall sector winner highest returns to shareholders over 3 years highest growth in profit after tax over 3 years digital transformation singfinance recognises that technology is changing the world of finance.
as we celebrate our 60th anniversary, we reflect on our digital journey with pride.
diagram showing digital initiatives from 2019, 2022 and ongoing.
2019: digitally enabled core banking system 2022: mobile app & web-based portals, swift, fast, meps, robotic processing automation on-going: multi-token feature for mobile apps, eguarantee@gov, housing loan application service we have been digitalising our business and operations and building our digital ecosystem.
our retail and corporate mobile apps enable us to deliver improved and more convenient services to our customers.
in 2023, we introduced the multi-token feature for our mobile apps to eliminate the need for our customers to juggle multiple devices when accessing accounts of different entities.
we are among the first in the financial industry to introduce this solution, addressing a common hassle faced by corporate mobile app users.
additionally, we collaborated with government agencies to launch eguarantee@gov and the housing loan application service for hdb flats to provide a streamlined user experience for our customers.
the number of our customers using mobile apps continued to climb, increasing by 54% last year.
we will continue to leverage on technology to better serve and attract customers, and to grow our business.
circular chart showing a 54% increase in mobile app usage.
environmental risk and climate change singapore's 3rd climate change study issued in january 2024 projects more profound changes in key climate variables than previously estimated.
the mean sea level is expected to rise by between 0.23 and 1.15 meters by the end of the century.
extreme weather events can spike it by 4 to 5 meters, putting 30% of singapore's land at risk.
heavy rains and dry spells are expected to intensify, with more very hot days expected.
fighting climate change has become an even more pressing issue.
singfinance takes our role in combating climate change seriously.
our lending activities could have an environmental impact, and our assets could be susceptible to environmental risks.
in 2023, we conducted our first climate scenario analysis to assess the impact of climate change on our assets and operations.
understanding the potential outcomes under different climate pathways helps the board to make informed business decisions, develop risk mitigation strategies and improve our asset resilience.
additionally, we have added "low carbon transition" as a material esg factor and lifted "valuing environment" to be the first and most critical sustainability pillar details can be found in the sustainability report . as a responsible corporate citizen and prudent steward of our assets, we will continue to enhance our capabilities in climate risk mitigation and improve our asset resilience.
we will do our part in developing a more sustainable business and contribute to singapore's efforts in addressing climate risk.
chairman's statement looking ahead to 2024 the government has projected full-year gdp growth of 1–3% for 2024. while singapore's economy is expected to improve in 2024, there remain macroeconomic risks and uncertainties, both external and domestic.
given the delicate economic conditions and soft credit demand, the competition for customer loans will likely intensify.
while expectations are that interest rates would start to decline in 2024, there is no consensus on the extent of the decline or when rates will start to ease.
hopefully, lower rates would help to lower our cost of funds and stabilize our nim.
we remain vigilant in managing our risk exposures and maintain a cautious approach in growing our business.
as of 31 december 2023, our capital adequacy ratio stood at 14.6%, 2.6% points above the minimum regulatory requirement.
our strong capital position will help us weather uncertainties and seize opportunities to grow our business.
appreciation as we commemorate our 60th anniversary, i would like to express our heartfelt appreciation to all our customers and business partners for standing by us over the past decades.
your support means a lot to us and motivates us to work harder to serve you even better.
i would like to thank our management and colleagues for their hard work and dedication in growing the company.
i commend the management for their outstanding leadership, and i appreciate our colleagues for their tireless efforts in managing our business and operations.
finally, i would like to thank my fellow directors for their commitment, contributions, and good counsel.
i wish all our stakeholders a great year ahead and look forward to meeting you in the coming annual general meeting.
michael lau hwai keong chairman corporate information board of directors mr michael lau hwai keong, non-executive & independent chairman mr lee sze leong, managing director/chief executive officer mr lee sze siong, deputy managing director mr joseph toh kian leong, non-executive & independent director ms quan wai yee, non-executive & independent director mr kuah boon wee, non-executive & independent director audit committee mr joseph toh kian leong, chairman ms quan wai yee mr kuah boon wee risk management committee mr michael lau hwai keong, chairman ms quan wai yee mr lee sze leong mr lee sze siong, head, risk management department head, product management department head, finance department head, compliance department head, branches/treasury department nominating committee mr michael lau hwai keong, chairman mr lee sze leong mr joseph toh kian leong remuneration committee mr kuah boon wee, chairman mr michael lau hwai keong ms quan wai yee loan committee mr lee sze leong, chairman mr lee sze siong mr kuah boon wee ms lim lee mei registered & head office 96 robinson road, 01-01 sif building, singapore 068899 tel: 65 6305 0300 fax: 65 6305 0328 website: www.singfinance.com.sg branch offices ang mo kio branch: blk 715 ang mo kio ave 6 01-4006, singapore 560715 tel: 65 6456 0588 fax: 65 6456 9715 bedok branch: blk 202 bedok north street 1 01-479/481, singapore 460202 tel: 65 6445 9596 fax: 65 6449 3254 jurong branch: blk 131 jurong gateway road 01-255, singapore 600131 tel: 65 6775 7248 fax: 65 6775 3463 company secretaries ms ong beng hong ms lee yuan auditors deloitte & touche llp, 6 shenton way, oue downtown 2 33-00, singapore 068809 partner-in-charge: mr jeremy phua date of appointment: 26 august 2021 share registrar boardroom corporate & advisory services pte.
ltd., 1 harbourfront avenue, keppel bay tower 14-07, singapore 098632 investor relations 96 robinson road, 08-01 sif building, singapore 068899 tel: 65 6438 7060 fax: 65 6305 0281 email: investor relations@singfinance.com.sg board of directors as at 23 february 2024 standing from the left: ms quan wai yee, mr kuah boon wee, mr lee sze siong, mr joseph toh kian leong sitting from the left: mr michael lau hwai keong, mr lee sze leong board of directors as at 23 february 2024 mr michael lau hwai keong, 63 role: chairman, non-executive and independent director date of first appointment as a director: 2 january 2019 date of appointment as chairman: 27 april 2023 date of last re-election as a director: 26 april 2022 length of service as a director: 5 years 1 month board/working committees served on: risk management committee chairman nominating committee chairman remuneration committee member academic & professional qualification s : bachelor of business administration first class honours , national university of singapore chartered financial analyst, cfa institute present directorships in other listed companies: nil other principal commitments: octagon advisors pte ltd senior managing director, advisory services beerco limited independent director past directorships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years: nil mr lee sze leong, 65 role: chief executive officer, managing director and non-independent director date of first appointment as a director: 20 february 1989 date of last re-election as a director: 26 april 2021 length of service as a director: 35 years board/working committees served on: loan committee chairman nominating committee member risk management committee member academic & professional qualification s : bachelor of business administration, university of hawaii present directorships in other listed companies: sing holdings limited non-executive chairman other principal commitments: f.h. lee holdings pte limited director sing investments & finance nominees pte.
ltd.
director hire purchase, finance and leasing association of singapore chairman finance houses association of singapore honorary treasurer singapore chinese chamber of commerce & industry vice-president, 61st council chinese development assistance council board of trustees tanjong pagar – tiong bahru citizens' consultative committee honorary chairman singapore hokkien huay kuan vice-president, 44th term council singapore chinese dance theatre chairman past directorships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years: nil board of directors as at 23 february 2024 mr lee sze siong, 62 role: deputy managing director, executive and non-independent director date of first appointment as a director: 19 march 1997 date of last re-election as a director: 26 april 2023 length of service as a director: 26 years 11 months board/working committee s served on: risk management committee member loan committee member academic & professional qualification s : bachelor of business administration, university of hawaii master in accounting, university of southern queensland present directorships in other listed companies: nil other principal commitments: f.h. lee holdings pte limited director sing investments & finance nominees pte.
ltd.
director past directorships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years: nil mr joseph toh kian leong, 68 role: non-executive and independent director date of first appointment as a director: 2 january 2019 date of last re-election as a director: 26 april 2022 length of service as a director: 5 years 1 month board/working committee s served on: audit committee chairman nominating committee member academic & professional qualification s : association of chartered certified accountants fellow, institute of singapore chartered accountants present directorships in other listed companies: nil other principal commitments: nil past directorships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years: nil board of directors as at 23 february 2024 ms quan wai yee, 58 role: non-executive and independent director date of first appointment as a director: 27 april 2021 date of last re-election as a director: 26 april 2022 length of service as a director: 2 years 9 months board/working committee s served on: audit committee member risk management committee member remuneration committee member academic & professional qualification s : bachelor of business administration, national university of singapore present directorships in other listed companies: nil other principal commitments: nil past directorships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years: nil mr kuah boon wee, 57 role: non-executive and independent director date of first appointment as a director: 27 april 2023 length of service as a director: 9 months board/working committee s served on: remuneration committee chairman audit committee member loan committee member academic & professional qualification s : bachelor of engineering, imperial college of science and technology, london fellow, institute of chartered accountants of england and wales advanced management programme at the wharton school, university of pennsylvania present directorships in other listed companies: mtq corporation limited director and group chief executive officer the hour glass limited director uob-kay hian holdings limited director other principal commitments: singapore national employers federation council member migrant workers assistance fund chairman singapore chinese chamber of commerce & industry council member past directorships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years: nil core values that serve as our cultural cornerstones sincerity approaching every customer's needs with a listening ear, we understand and strive to do the best we can.
integrity built over the years to galvanize the trust bestowed on us, integrity underscores everything we do to give our customers peace of mind.
flexibility as a trusted financial institution, we are well-placed to offer a dynamic suite of flexible financing solutions to meet every customer's need.
www.singfinance.com.sg singfinance logo bridging futures & 8482; singfinance sing investments & finance limited corporate governance statement sing investments & finance limited “singfinance” or the “company” believes that strong and effective corporate governance is vital to protect the interests of all stakeholders of the company and to enhance long-term shareholder value.
our corporate governance policies and practices are reviewed regularly to take into account changes in corporate governance best practices.
singfinance has received accolades for our achievements in corporate governance practices.
please refer to the “about us-awards” section of this annual report for more details.
for the financial year ended 31 december 2023 “fy2023” , singfinance has complied with and adhered to the spirit of the code of corporate governance issued on 6 august 2018 the “code” in its corporate governance practices.
our corporate governance practices described in this report demonstrate the board of directors’ “board” application of good governance which is underpinned by sound risk management and robust internal controls with reference to the code.
where there is any variation in singfinance’s practices from the provisions of the code, appropriate explanation has been provided in this report.
we provide a summary of disclosures on our compliance with the code in page 40 of this annual report.
our corporate governance framework the foundation of singfinance’s corporate governance structure is supported by 3 key pillars as follows: 1. the board 2. the board committees – comprising the following: audit committee “ac” risk management committee “rmc” nominating committee “nc” remuneration committee “rc” 3. controls functions by the following key departments: risk management department compliance department internal audit department singfinance’s “3 pillars of corporate governance” is designed to assist the board in assessing and monitoring the company’s performance and compliance with the code and the guidelines on corporate governance.
key principles guiding the board the following key principles guide the board in ensuring effective corporate governance: leadership and strategy to establish and document the company’s medium and long-term strategic plans and review the results periodically against the strategic plans; to formalise terms of reference for the board and delegated board committees; to establish channels for whistle-blowing and feedback; and to establish a policy and plan for board renewal and succession planning.
accountability and audit to ensure independence of the ac and that the members of the ac are suitably qualified to discharge their responsibilities; to ensure independence of the risk management, compliance and internal audit functions in order for them to carry out their respective responsibilities effectively; and to ensure that a sound system of internal controls is maintained and monitored.
communication with stakeholders to ensure that the company engages in regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders, including the manner and frequency with which information is disseminated; to ensure that in disclosing information, the company be as descriptive, detailed and forthcoming as possible; and to ensure that all investors, whether institutional or retail, are accorded the same level of communication and disclosure.
the following sections describe the board’s primary corporate governance policies and practices with specific references to the principles of the code.
board matters principle 1: the board’s conduct of affairs board responsibility the board is responsible for overseeing and managing the company’s business and is accountable to shareholders for creating shareholder value within a framework that protects the rights and interests of shareholders.
the board acts objectively in the best interests of the company and holds management corporate governance statement accountable for performance, the board ensures an appropriate balance between promoting long-term business strategies and delivering short-term objectives.
these objectives are met through the following functions exercised by the board, either directly or through committees: providing leadership : overseeing and formulating long-term business strategies and policies, ensuring necessary financial and human resources for value creation, innovation, and sustainability.
identifying principal risks : establishing a framework of prudential controls to assess and manage risks, achieving an appropriate balance between risk-taking and financial performance.
monitoring and reviewing performance : including succession and development plans.
identifying key stakeholder groups : recognizing that their perceptions affect the company's reputation, ensuring transparency and accountability.
setting the company's values, code of conduct, and standards : ensuring obligations to shareholders and stakeholders are understood and met.
maintaining a culture of integrity : reviewing and monitoring internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and compliance.
taking into account sustainability issues : when formulating the company's strategy.
ensuring directors recuse themselves : from discussions and decisions where a potential conflict of interests exists.
board induction and training board induction, regular training, and continuous development programs are essential to equip all directors including executive, non-executive, and independent directors with the appropriate skills and knowledge to understand the company's business and operating environment and perform their roles effectively.
directors are encouraged to attend courses or seminars at the company's expense to acquire or maintain relevant skill sets and knowledge.
upon appointment of a new director, a formal letter of appointment is provided outlining the director's duties and obligations.
a comprehensive and tailored induction program is provided to new directors to facilitate their understanding of the company's various aspects and responsibilities.
the program includes accounting matters, risk-related issues, regulatory compliance updates, and other industry-specific topics.
department heads conduct presentations to enable a better understanding of the business and operations.
continuous development programme 2023 annually, the nc assesses the skills needed by the board to discharge its responsibilities effectively and identifies ways to improve effectiveness.
in-house training on "anti-bribery and corruption," "fraud," "mas enforcement report 2022-2023," and "cybersecurity architecture principles" were conducted in 2023 for directors.
in addition, directors attended external courses and seminars, including: audit & risk committee seminar 2023 updates on fy 2022 illustrative fs mas townhall with financial institutions mar 2023 board agenda series: managing cyber risks with early breach detection cambridge earth on board sustainability programme esg training abs standing committee on fraud: briefing on industry's anti-scam best practice sgti forum – upholding esg with strong governance sid directors conference 2023 ifrs sustainability disclosure standards training corporate governance forum 1 – optimising investor relations: strengthening communication strategies for success corporate governance statement the objective of the continuous development programme is to keep the directors abreast of the latest developments, particularly in technologies and innovations, risk management, regulatory compliance, sustainability and climate risk, and industry-specific issues.
the courses helped equip directors with appropriate skills and knowledge to better discharge their responsibilities as members of the board and board committees.
the nc has assessed and is satisfied that the training, courses and seminars attended by the directors in fy2023 have adequately fulfilled their purposes.
material transactions which require board approval as defined under the schedule of matters reserved for the board in our board framework, material transactions, projects and commitments which require board approval include the following: acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries acquisitions and disposals of other material assets major investments including any takeover bids and capital projects of a similar scale substantial commitments, material contracts or transactions, either by reason of size or strategy, in the ordinary course of business.
delegation by the board the board delegates authority and powers to board committees to oversee specific responsibilities without abdicating its responsibilities.
these board committees have clear written terms of reference setting out their compositions, authorities and duties.
they report to the board periodically to enable the board to better discharge its stewardship and fiduciary responsibilities.
the board has established the following board committees to assist in the execution of its duties and to allow more detailed consideration of complex issues in the management of the company: 1. audit committee ac 2. risk management committee rmc 3. nominating committee nc 4. remuneration committee rc please refer to the sections on principles 4 to 10 in this report for further information on the details and activities of the ac, rmc, nc and rc.
meetings of the board and board committees the board met 4 times in fy2023.
board papers are circulated to directors for review before the board meeting.
the constitution of the company provides that directors may meet by telephone or video conference.
table: attendance at board and board committee meetings fy2023 board/board committees: no.
of meetings held, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : 4, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr michael lau hwai keong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr lee sze leong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : –, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : –, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr lee sze siong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : –, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : –, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr joseph toh kian leong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : 4, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: ms quan wai yee, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : 4, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr kuah boon wee, board 1 : 3, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: –, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : –, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : –, annual general meeting agm : – board/board committees: mr chee jin kiong, board 1 : 2, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: –, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 1, annual general meeting agm : 1 table end.
notes: 1 from 1 january 2023 to 26 april 2023, the board comprised mr chee jin kiong, mr lee sze leong, mr lee sze siong, mr michael lau hwai keong, mr joseph toh kian leong and ms quan wai yee.
from 27 april 2023, the board comprises mr michael lau hwai keong, mr lee sze leong, mr lee sze siong, mr joseph toh kian leong, ms quan wai yee and mr kuah boon wee.
2 from 1 january 2023 to 26 april 2023, the ac comprised mr joseph toh kian leong, ms quan wai yee and mr chee jin kiong.
from 27 april 2023, the ac comprised mr joseph toh kian leong, ms quan wai yee and mr kuah boon wee.
3 from 1 january 2023 to 26 april 2023, the rc comprised mr chee jin kiong, mr michael lau hwai keong and ms quan wai yee.
from 27 april 2023, the rc comprises mr kuah boon wee, mr michael lau hwai keong and ms quan wai yee.
4 inclusive of meetings with external and internal auditors.
5 by invitation.
corporate governance statement access to information prior to each board meeting, the management provides the board with information relevant to matters on the agenda for the board meeting on a timely basis.
the management also provides relevant information in their regular reports to the board pertaining to operational issues, financial performance and any matters which require the attention of the board.
such reports enable the directors to be aware of key issues pertaining to the financial, internal control, compliance and risk management position of the company.
a risk management dashboard that summarises the main risks and key risk indicators "kris" is presented during each board meeting to facilitate the risk oversight function by the board.
in respect of budgets, material variances between the projection and actual results are explained in the salient reports circulated to the board members.
other reports are provided to the directors where necessary.
the board has separate and independent access to senior management and the company secretary at all times.
procedures are also in place for directors and the board committees, where necessary, to seek independent professional advice at the company's expense.
company secretary at least one of the company secretaries attends the board meetings and is responsible for, among other things, ensuring that board procedures are observed and that the board is in compliance with relevant regulatory and legal requirements, particularly under the companies act and the sgx rulebooks.
the company secretaries also record the minutes of board meetings.
the appointment and removal of the company secretaries are subject to the approval of the board.
principle 2: board composition and guidance the board, through the nc, strives to ensure that there is an independent element and diverse composition on the board to facilitate effective decision making.
board of directors there are in total six 6 board members, of which four 4 directors are independent.
the current board comprises the following members: 1. mr michael lau hwai keong 1 2. mr lee sze leong 3. mr lee sze siong 4. mr joseph toh kian leong 1 5. ms quan wai yee 1 6. mr kuah boon wee 1 note: 1 non-executive and independent director board independence the nc assesses the independence of each director, taking into account guidelines of the code and provisions in the listing manual for assessing the independence element.
an “independent” director is one who is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director's independent business judgement in the best interests of the company.
on an annual basis, the nc is responsible for determining the independence of all the directors, taking into consideration the circumstances indicated in the code and the listing manual.
the nc has ascertained that a majority of the board members are independent.
based on the current board's composition, the independent and non-executive directors make up a majority of the board.
board composition on an annual basis, the nc reviews the size and composition of the board and board committees.
the nc also examines the skill sets and core competencies of all board members to ensure there is diversity of skills and experience among the directors.
all evaluations are presented to the board.
corporate governance statement the nc seeks to ensure that the size of the board is conducive for effective discussion and decision-making, and that the board has an appropriate number of independent directors.
the size and composition of the board are reviewed periodically.
taking into account the scope and nature of singfinance's operations and the number of board committees, the board, in concurrence with the nc, is of the view that a board size of at least six 6 directors with a majority of members being independent is appropriate and necessary.
the board currently meets this requirement as it consists of six 6 directors, the majority of whom are independent—four 4 non-executive and independent directors and two 2 executive directors.
diversity singfinance has in place a board diversity policy and the nc is responsible for setting the relevant objectives that promote and ensure diversity on the board.
the board understands and embraces the benefits of having diversity and views board diversity as important to achieving the company's business objectives.
differences in background, skills, experience, knowledge, gender, and other relevant qualities will be taken into consideration in determining the composition of the board.
the appointment of directors should reflect a need to add complementary skills and experience to the board.
the board believes that all board appointments should be made on the basis of merit, with due regard to diversity.
the board is of the view that gender is an important aspect of diversity.
currently, one out of the six directors on the board is female.
the appointment of ms quan wai yee since april 2021 has broadened the composition and diversity of the board.
this has met our target of having at least one female director on the board.
our plan is to upkeep this ongoing effort to promote gender diversity.
the main objective of the board diversity policy is to maintain an appropriate balance and diversity of experience, skills, gender, knowledge, and attributes among the directors.
the current board has core competencies and expertise in accounting, finance, banking, risk management, business management, industry knowledge, strategic planning, and banking and finance operations.
the current board consists of individuals with various qualifications and backgrounds.
their professions include accountant, banker, consultant, audit partner, senior management of financial institutions, and senior management of an engineering company.
more than half of the independent directors have experience in the finance and banking industry, being the industry that the company operates in.
table: board gender diversity director type: male director, percentage: 83.33% director type: female director, percentage: 16.67% table end.
rounded to 2 decimal places.
table: age of directors age range: 56 to 60, percentage: 16.67% age range: 61 to 65, percentage: 50.00% age range: 66 to 70, percentage: 33.33% table end.
rounded to 2 decimal places.
corporate governance statement length of service <3 years: 33.33% 3 to 5 years: 33.33% 5 to 7 years: 33.33% 7 years: 0% rounded to 2 decimal places.
board independence independent: 67.67% non-independent: 33.33% rounded to 2 decimal places.
primary industry expertise accounting: 50.00% risk management: 16.67% banking & finance: 33.33% rounded to 2 decimal places.
meeting of directors without management led by the non-executive and independent chairman of the board, mr michael lau hwai keong, the non-executive and independent directors hold at least one meeting without the presence of the executive directors and management, annually.
feedback from the meeting will be shared by the non-executive and independent chairman of the board with all the board members for follow-up actions, if any.
principle 3: chairman and chief executive officer role of chairman and chief executive officer in compliance with the code's provisions on the clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and the executives responsible for managing the company's business, mr michael lau hwai keong is the non-executive and independent chairman and mr lee sze leong is the managing director/ceo of the company.
corporate governance statement the chairman and managing director/ceo of the company are separate persons and are not related.
the roles of the chairman and the managing director/ceo are deliberately kept distinct through a clear division of responsibilities to ensure effective oversight, appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the board for independent decision making.
mr michael lau hwai keong is a chartered financial analyst charterholder.
he has very extensive experience in the banking and finance industry.
as non-executive and independent chairman of the board, he has the overall responsibility for the leadership of the board.
his key roles include: leading the board to ensure its effectiveness on all aspects of its roles and setting its agenda for board meetings; ensuring that the directors receive relevant information in a timely manner; ensuring effective communication with shareholders; encouraging constructive relations between the board and management; facilitating the effective contribution by non-executive directors; encouraging constructive relations between executive directors and non-executive directors; promoting high standards of corporate governance; and promoting a culture of openness and discussion at the board.
mr lee sze leong, the managing director/ceo, focuses on managing the business and operations of the company, in particular, driving the financial performance, spearheading the strategic development of the company and execution of the strategic plans set out by the board.
he also ensures that the directors are kept updated and informed of the company's business and operations.
no lead independent director is required to be appointed as the roles of the chairman and ceo are separate and the chairman is independent.
principle 4: board membership the appointment and re-appointment of directors to the board is assessed and recommended by the nc, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
the nc comprises mr michael lau hwai keong chairman , mr joseph toh kian leong and mr lee sze leong.
the majority of the directors in the nc, including the nc chairman, are non-executive and independent.
the main terms of reference of the nc are as follows: to assess and recommend candidates for appointment and re-appointment on the board and board committees; to determine annually whether a director is independent.
where a director is a member of multiple boards, the nc also considers if such a director is able to adequately carry out his/her responsibilities as a director of the company; to review the composition of the board and assess annually the effectiveness of the board as a whole, the board committees and the contribution by each individual director; to assess and recommend the objective performance criteria and process for evaluation of the effectiveness and performance of the board, its board committees and directors; to review the training and professional development programmes for the board and its directors; and to review and initiate succession planning to ensure the continuity of leadership for key board members, in particular, the chairman, the managing director/ceo and key management personnel.
process for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of directors to the board the nc establishes and reviews the key criteria for the selection of board members and makes recommendations to the board on the appointment, re-appointment and retirement of directors.
the composition of the board is reviewed regularly to ensure that it has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience.
the selection and appointment process of new directors to the board is reviewed, formalized and endorsed by the board.
the formal and transparent procedures for the selection and appointment of new directors to the board help to promote understanding and confidence in the process.
the appointment of new members to the board is considered by the nc.
when there is a need to appoint a new director, whether due to retirement of a director, growth or increased complexity of the company's business, corporate governance statement the nomination committee nc and each individual director will try to source for suitable candidates based on their networks and contacts.
external consultants may also be engaged to identify potential candidates if necessary.
in the selection process, the nc determines the necessary skills and experience of the potential appointee having regard to those of the existing directors and any other likely changes to the board.
diversity of experience and appropriate skills which are considered in the selection process include leadership, banking and finance industry experience, management expertise and knowledge in accounting, internal controls, compliance and risk management.
in addition, the nc takes into consideration the current board size and its mix, the additional skills and experience that will enhance the competencies and effectiveness of the board.
the board diversity policy provides that the nc shall endeavour to include female candidates for consideration when identifying candidates to be appointed as new directors.
the nc identifies and shortlists potential candidates for interview.
the nc then proceeds to assess the suitability of the candidates based on the following criteria before recommending the appointment to the board: independence whether the candidate can fulfil the monetary authority of singapore’s “mas” fit and proper guidelines other directorships held ability to commit sufficient time to the affairs of the company contribution to the overall balance of the composition of the board age, experience, track record and other relevant factors as determined by the nc the fit and proper test assesses the candidate based on honesty, integrity and reputation, competence and capability and financial soundness.
during the review and selection process, the nc, with the concurrence of the board, adopts the approach of identifying a candidate with specific skill sets in view of the changing financial landscape as well as for succession planning.
the nc identifies the candidate based on his/her skill and diversity of his/her experience.
following the rigorous selection process, the board, with the recommendation of the nc, seeks approval from the mas to appoint the candidate as a director.
upon approval from the mas, the board will appoint the new director and recommend the appointee for re-election as a director at the following annual general meeting "agm" . a formal letter setting out the director’s duties and obligations will be given to the new director upon his/her appointment to ensure that the new director is aware of his/her duties and obligations.
during the selection process of a new director in 2023, the nc proposed that the board should consider a candidate with knowledge and experience in finance, human resource or management an ideal candidate.
the nc members agreed that a candidate with such relevant experience would be able to contribute positively to the board.
the board agreed with the recommendation of the nc and hence started the process to search for an appropriate candidate via the networks of the existing directors.
following the rigorous review by the nc and approval by the board, mr kuah boon wee was appointed as a new director in view of his strong credentials and all-rounded background.
the company’s constitution provides that at least one-third of its directors shall retire from office at every agm of the company.
all directors are required to retire from office at least once every three years.
a retiring director shall be eligible for re-election at the meeting at which he retires.
directors newly appointed during the year must also retire at the next agm immediately following their appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election.
in recommending the directors to stand for re-election, the nc takes into consideration such director’s contribution and performance.
the assessment parameters include time commitment, attendance record, preparedness and intensity of participation at meetings of the board and its board committees.
the directors standing for re-election at the forthcoming agm pursuant to the company’s constitution are: mr lee sze leong executive director mr joseph toh kian leong non-executive and independent director mr kuah boon wee non-executive and independent director the nc has evaluated and recommended to the board that mr lee sze leong, mr joseph toh kian leong and mr kuah boon wee be re-elected as directors at the forthcoming agm by virtue of his skills, experience and contributions to the board.
pursuant to rule 720 6 corporate governance statement of the listing manual, the information as set out in appendix 7.4.1 of the listing manual relating to mr lee sze leong, mr joseph toh kian leong and mr kuah boon wee, who are the directors seeking re-election at the forthcoming agm, is set out in pages 190 to 202. annual review of directors' independence the nc conducts the annual evaluation of director's independence based on the following procedures and criteria: review all directors' declaration forms on their independent status; review report from the company on the business relationship of the company with directors; perform the due diligence process and review the factors considered to arrive at the conclusions as to the independent status of the directors and to consider any particular cases of potential material relationships; a checklist is drawn up based on the guidance in the code and provisions in the listing manual to facilitate the evaluation by the nc; and report to the board on the independent status of the directors.
in assessing the independence of the directors, the nc examined the different relationships that might impair the directors' independence and objectivity and is satisfied that all the independent directors are able to act independently.
any director who has served on the board beyond nine years from the date of his/her first appointment shall be deemed as non-independent.
any director who has been employed by the company or any of its related corporations for the current or any of the past three financial years, or who is an immediate family member of any employee of the company and its related corporations in any of the past three financial years shall be deemed as non-independent for the purposes of rule 210 5 d of the listing manual.
no director with the existence of relationships or circumstances as mentioned in the code or the listing manual has been deemed as independent for fy2023.
the board, after taking into account the view of the nc, has determined that the majority of the board, which includes mr michael lau hwai keong, mr joseph toh kian leong, ms quan wai yee and mr kuah boon wee, are independent.
these independent directors are also non-executive directors.
mr lee sze leong, the managing director/chief executive officer “ceo” , and mr lee sze siong, the deputy managing director, are the only non-independent directors on the board.
directors' time commitment the directors must ensure that they are able to give sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the company.
as part of the review process, the nc decides on the commitment level of the director and whether he/she has been able to adequately carry out the responsibilities required of him/her as a director.
the nc has also adopted several measures that seek to address the competing time commitments that may be faced when a director holds multiple board appointments.
some of these guidelines include: a number of board memberships carrying out the duties and fulfilling the responsibilities of a director requires a significant commitment of an individual's time and attention.
the board does not believe, however, that explicit limits on the number of other boards on which the directors may serve, or on other activities the directors may pursue, are appropriate.
the board, however, recognises that excessive time commitments to other positions and appointments can interfere with a director's ability to perform his or her duties effectively.
accordingly, directors should not serve on more than five 5 boards of directors of public listed companies in addition to the company's board.
this guideline is established following the careful assessment by the nc and the board after taking into consideration the scope and complexity of the company's business.
currently, the highest number of directorships in listed companies that is held by an individual director is four 4 directorships.
b attendance at meetings each member of the board is expected to make reasonable efforts to attend at least 50% of the regularly scheduled meetings of the board and to participate in telephone conference meetings or other special meetings of the board.
all directors have met the above requirements on time commitment as required by the board for fy2023.
the nc and the board are of the view that each director has been able to diligently discharge his/her duties.
the listed company directorships where applicable and principal commitments of each director are disclosed in the 'board of directors' section of this annual report.
corporate governance statement alternate directors singfinance has no alternate directors on its board.
succession planning for the board and key management personnel the nc conducts an annual review of succession planning to ensure the continuity of leadership for key board members and key management personnel.
during the review, the nc considers the desired collective competencies needed on the board in light of the company’s business and strategies.
the nc also reviews the board, board committees and individual director evaluation results for identification of candidates for appointment and retirement.
through careful consideration, the nc ensures that an effective board renewal and succession planning process is in place.
key information on directors key information on each director can be found in the ‘board of directors’ section of the annual report.
principle 5: board performance the nc ensures that the board consists of directors that possess the necessary experience, knowledge and skills required by the business so as to enable the board to make sound and well-considered decisions.
the nc assesses the effectiveness of the board as a whole and its board committees and the contribution by each director to the effectiveness of the board on an annual basis based on the criteria developed by the nc and reviewed by the board.
no external facilitators have been engaged for fy2023.
evaluation of board and board committees the nc takes into consideration quantitative and qualitative measures when reviewing the performance of the board.
all board members are required to complete the board assessment checklist which consists of the following sections: quantitative factors such as revenue, profitability, return on equity roe and size of loan portfolio; qualitative indicators include board composition, the quality of risk management, adequacy of internal controls, board information and accountability and board performance in relation to discharging its principal functions; and overall rating of the board.
a consolidated report is prepared based on the responses from all directors and is discussed in the nc meeting and reviewed by the board.
each board committee also performs a self-assessment which is evaluated by the nc.
to avoid any conflict of interests, the self-assessment of the nc is reviewed by the board.
the self-assessment criteria proposed by nc and approved by the board for assessment of board committee’s performance include: composition and quality including the independence, quality and skill sets ; committee responsibilities as required by the code and regulatory requirements; meeting and procedures; and overall assessment.
the results of the assessment of the board and the board committees are presented and reported to the board for approval.
the board and the board committees have met the performance objectives for fy2023.
evaluation of individual directors the nc evaluates the performance of individual directors by taking into consideration the attendance, time commitment and overall participation and contribution of each director.
in addition, the nc also considers specific expertise of the individual director from the legal, business and risk perspectives.
when the nc is evaluating the performance of a particular director who is also a member of the nc, that member will recuse himself from the deliberations.
on top of the evaluation exercise, the contributions and performance of each director are assessed by the nc as part of its periodic reviews of the composition of the board and the various board committees.
in the process, areas for improvement are identified to enhance the effectiveness of the board and its various committees.
the performance of the individual directors is taken into consideration by the nc and the board when recommending them for re-election.
the board is satisfied with the performance of all the individual directors in the recent evaluation exercise for fy2023 performed by the nc.
corporate governance statement remuneration matters principle 6: procedures for developing remuneration policies remuneration committee the rc comprises mr kuah boon wee chairman , mr michael lau hwai keong and ms quan wai yee, all of whom are non-executive and independent directors.
the primary role of the rc under its terms of reference is to assist the board in the following: to assist the board to minimize the risk of any potential conflict of interests by putting in place a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on executive remuneration and for determining the remuneration packages of individual directors and ensuring that no director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration; to review and make recommendations to the board on the group's general framework of remuneration or specific remuneration packages if any for the board and key management personnel with the aim of being fair and to avoid rewarding poor performance; to review the adequacy, fairness and terms of compensation for each of the directors, the ceo and key management personnel to ensure that the compensation is commensurate with the duties, responsibilities and risks involved in being an effective director, ceo or key management personnel; and to review the company's obligations arising in the event of termination of the executive directors' contract of service, to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous.
the rc may seek remuneration consultants’ advice or perform a market survey of benchmarking directors’ compensation every 3 to 5 years depending on market conditions and the results of the survey will be presented to the board.
no remuneration consultants have been engaged for fy2023.
principle 7: level and mix of remuneration director remuneration policy criteria for setting remuneration the key principles of the director compensation philosophy are as follows: to establish a level of remuneration that is market competitive to attract, motivate and retain highly-skilled directors to manage the company successfully, but at the same time to avoid paying more than what is necessary; to link a significant proportion of executive directors’ remuneration to corporate and individual performance, so as to align the interests of executive directors with those of shareholders; to link the remuneration of non-executive directors to the amount of responsibilities, effort and time spent by the directors; and to align director compensation with prudent risk-taking and effective supervisory oversight.
structure of non-executive directors’ fee for non-executive directors, their remuneration comprises entirely director’s fees.
when reviewing the structure and level of directors’ fees, the rc takes into consideration the directors’ respective roles and responsibilities in the board and board committees.
each of the directors receives a base director’s fee.
the board chairman receives an additional fee to reflect his expanded responsibilities.
directors who serve on the various board committees also receive additional fees in respect of each board committee that they serve on, with the chairmen of the board committees receiving a higher fee in respect of their responsibility and service as chairmen of the respective committees.
structure of executive directors’ remuneration for executive directors, the overall remuneration package comprises both fixed and variable components.
the fixed component of the compensation package includes base salary inclusive of employer’s cpf and other allowance and benefits such as medical, car programme allowance and club membership allowance.
corporate governance statement the variable component of the compensation package may consist of singfinance performance share plan and/or cash incentives, such as variable bonus.
for fy2023, only cash incentives were accorded but no performance shares were granted.
the remuneration package takes into account, amongst other factors, the performance of the company and the executive directors based on key performance indicators set by the board, guidance from the national wages council, competitive market practices and information gathered from market surveys conducted by the company's human resources department.
in addition, a corporate risk scorecard factor is also included in the remuneration framework to ensure that compensation is adjusted for the risks undertaken by the company and the framework is aligned with the risk management policies of the company.
as the variable components of the remuneration package of the executive directors and the key management personnel are moderate, the rc is of the view that there is no requirement to institute contractual provisions to allow the company to reclaim incentive components of their remuneration in exceptional circumstances of misstatement of financial results, or of misconduct resulting in financial loss to the company.
directors' fees are recommended by the rc, concurred by the board and submitted for shareholder approval during the agm.
no director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.
principle 8: disclosure of remuneration link between remuneration and performance of directors and key management personnel the rc reviews the performance of executive directors and key management personnel using the pre-defined financial targets of the company, individual key performance indicators and corporate risk scorecard factor.
their remuneration depends on the degree of the performance criteria being met.
the variable components of the executive directors and key management personnel take into account financial performance indicators amongst other factors, the profitability of the company, loan growth, return on equity and quality of loans.
other non-financial performance indicators include the level of commitment, contribution towards the company's strategic directions, internal controls and risk management skills, integrity and accountability.
a corporate risk scorecard is added to the remuneration framework to ensure that there is a balance between business and risk taking and to ensure that the structure of the remuneration is aligned with long-term interests and risk management policies of the company.
both executive directors and key management personnel met the pre-defined performance conditions.
directors' remuneration the remuneration of each director has been disclosed in the exact amount with a breakdown of base salary, variable bonus, directors' fees and other benefits in percentage terms.
there are no stock options granted, share-based incentives and awards and other long-term incentives for fy2023.
other than mr lee sze leong, the managing director/ceo, and mr lee sze siong, the deputy managing director, the remaining four 4 board members are non-executive directors.
the aggregate directors' fees are subject to the approval of shareholders at the company's agm.
directors' remuneration with the breakdown of fees is shown in the directors' remuneration section in page 181. key management personnel's remuneration provision 8.1 of the code states that the company should disclose the names, amounts and breakdown of remuneration of at least the top five 5 key management personnel who are not directors or the ceo in bands of singapore dollar250,000 and in aggregate the total remuneration paid to them.
for fy2023, the company identified mr lee sze leong and mr lee sze siong as the only key management personnel who served on the board.
there are no other key management personnel who is not a director or the ceo.
information on the remuneration of its key management personnel i.e. mr lee sze leong and mr lee sze siong is duly provided for in this annual report.
corporate governance statement remuneration of employees who are immediate family members of a director, ceo or substantial shareholder other than mr lee sze leong, the managing director/ceo, and mr lee sze siong, the deputy managing director, whose remuneration have been disclosed in the directors’ remuneration section in page 181, there are no employees of the company who are immediate family members of a director, the managing director/ceo or a substantial shareholder of the company.
mr lee sze leong and mr lee sze siong are siblings.
singfinance performance share plan on 20 may 2020, the company obtained shareholders’ approval to implement the sing investments & finance performance share plan 2020 the “plan” . the plan is a share incentive scheme which allows the company, inter alia , to set specific performance objectives and provide an incentive for participants to achieve these set targets.
the directors believe that the plan will help the company achieve the following objectives: to recognise and reward past contributions and services; to motivate participants to continue performing and out-perform their standards and efficiency and to maintain a high level of contribution to the group; to retain key group employees whose contributions are important to the long-term growth and success of the group; to attract potential employees with relevant skills and talents necessary to enhance the group’s business; and to align the interests of the participants with the interests of shareholders.
the award of fully-paid shares, free of charge, to the participants of the plan the “award” is intended to give the company the option and flexibility to pay eligible employees’ bonuses in the form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, resulting in a better and more flexible salary and cash-flow management for the company.
in addition, the plan aims to foster an ownership culture within the company and align the interests of the participants with the interest of shareholders.
employees who are eligible to participate in the plan must be: group employees; group executive directors; non-executive directors who have contributed or will contribute to the success of the group.
controlling shareholders or associates of controlling shareholders who meet the criteria as set out above are eligible to participate in the plan.
the plan is being administered by the rc.
in compliance with the requirements of the listing manual, a participant who has been granted an award and who is a member of the rc shall not be involved in the deliberations in respect of awards to be granted to or held by him or his associates.
the rc may grant awards to the participants at any time during the period when the plan is in force.
the plan shall continue to be in force at the discretion of the rc, subject to a maximum period of 10 years from 20 may 2020. the number of shares which are the subject of each award to be granted to a participant in accordance with the plan shall be determined at the absolute discretion of the rc, which shall take into account criteria such as, inter alia , the participant’s rank, scope of responsibilities, performance, years of service and potential for future development, contributions to the success of the group, and prevailing market and economic conditions.
the performance targets will be set by the rc depending on each individual participant’s job scope and responsibilities.
the total number of new shares which may be issued under the plan, when aggregated with the total number of shares granted under any other share schemes of the company, shall not exceed fifteen per cent 15% of the issued shares of the company excluding treasury shares on the day preceding the date of granting the award.
corporate governance statement in accordance with rule 845 of the listing manual, the company observes that the following limits must not be exceeded: the aggregate number of shares available under the plan must not exceed 15% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any on the date preceding the date of an award.
the aggregate number of shares available to controlling shareholders and their associates must not exceed 25% of the new shares available under the plan.
the number of shares available to each controlling shareholder or his associate must not exceed 10% of the new shares available under the plan.
other than this singfinance performance share plan, there is no other long-term incentive scheme.
no performance shares were granted for fy2023.
to date, no awards have been granted under the plan.
accountability and audit principle 9: risk management and internal controls risk governance the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
under the group’s risk governance framework, the board has the overall responsibility for providing leadership, articulating the risk appetite and tolerance levels and ensuring that a robust risk management and compliance culture prevails.
the board is assisted by the rmc to oversee the development of a robust enterprise wide risk management “ewrm” framework, system, policies and processes which are aligned with the strategic direction set by the board, to identify and manage the material business risks as well as to establish kris, risk tolerance and internal limits to guide risk-taking activities of the group.
the ewrm now also covers the group’s environmental and climate risk management.
risk management committee the rmc is a board risk committee and is chaired by non-executive and independent director, mr michael lau hwai keong, and comprises ms quan wai yee non-executive and independent director , mr lee sze leong managing director/ceo , mr lee sze siong deputy managing director and heads of risk management, compliance, product management, finance and treasury/branches departments.
in line with its terms of reference, the rmc assists the board in identifying the principal risks of the company’s business and to institute a framework of prudential controls to identify, assess, measure, monitor and manage these risks.
these risks include credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, technology risk, cybersecurity risk, reputational risk and risks related to asset and liability management, new products, information technology, regulatory compliance, outsourcing and business continuity, and environmental and climate risk.
the rmc is supported by the risk management and compliance departments.
risk management department the risk management department assists the rmc by ensuring that the risk management framework, structure, policies and procedures are aligned to the company’s risk appetite, and business and regulatory requirements, and are appropriate for the management of the company’s risk exposures.
the risk management department also assesses the impact of key risks to the business.
the risk management department assists the rmc in providing oversight of the development and implementation of risk models, monitoring limits set by the board, reporting risk measurements, gap analysis, risk profiling, stress testing and control systems, risk limits breaches, highlighting exceptions and deviations, providing risk assessments, risk strategies and recommendations for deliberations and decision making.
the risk management department reports independently to the rmc.
the board is responsible for approving the appointment, appraisal, resignation or dismissal of the head of risk management department.
corporate governance statement compliance department the compliance department assists the rmc by ensuring that the company, management and staff continuously observe all policies and guidelines set by the board and comply with applicable laws, regulations, regulatory guidelines and professional standards, including those for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism.
the compliance department also ensures that the company's internal policies and procedures are aligned with the regulatory requirements.
these are achieved through compliance monitoring and testing.
the compliance department reports independently to the rmc.
senior management, business and support units senior management is accountable to the board for ensuring the effective implementation of risk management and adherence to the risk appetite, risk tolerance limits and internal control limits established by the board.
business and support units are primarily responsible for managing risk arising from their respective operations while the various independent monitoring and control units provide timely oversight, assessment and reporting of key risk exposures and breaches to senior management.
for fy2023, the board has received assurance from: the managing director/ceo and head of finance department that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the company's operations and finances; and the managing director/ceo and other key management personnel who are responsible for risk management and internal controls that the company's risk management and internal control systems are adequate and effective.
enterprise wide risk management ewrm framework an effective ewrm framework is critical in ensuring the overall financial soundness of the group's business operations and in creating sustainable growth in shareholders' value.
in addition, it encourages sound business practices and decision making that adequately balances risk and reward.
the group's ewrm framework establishes the governance, accountability, policies and processes to ensure that major risk types and exposures are identified, measured, managed, controlled and reported.
the framework provides the board and management with the necessary tools to anticipate and manage both the existing and potential risks.
material business risks relating to the group can be categorised as: capital and balance sheet management, credit, market, liquidity, operational including regulatory compliance, information technology risk, cybersecurity risk, outsourcing, reputational risk, contagion risk and business continuity management and environmental and climate risk, assumed by the group in the course of carrying on its business.
in ensuring that risks are managed at the early stage of the risk-taking process, introduction of new products, outsourcing arrangements, new/revision of policies are subject to approval by the rmc.
new policies and revision of existing policies are reviewed by the risk management and compliance departments.
they are to ensure issues relating to risk, regulatory compliance and internal controls are addressed before submission to the rmc for approval.
the credit control department provides independent inputs on valuations, credit evaluations and recommendations to enable risk to be priced appropriately in relation to returns.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images, footnotes, or additional annotations to extract.
corporate governance statement enterprise wide risk management framework the diagram shows the framework's structure, illustrating the flow of risk management responsibilities from the board of directors to various committees, departments, and units within the organization.
the framework encompasses various risk categories, including liquidity, market, operational, and environmental risks.
the key entities involved include the board of directors, audit committee, loan committee, risk management committee, risk management department, and internal audit.
the framework also highlights the involvement of business and support & control units in risk identification and mitigation.
corporate governance statement the board and the risk management committee rmc review and rank key material risks, formulate and endorse risk tolerance levels for all key risk types, set key risk indicator kri thresholds for each risk type, and approve the enterprise-wide risk management ewrm framework and policies to ensure adequate internal control and risk management.
setting thresholds is essential in determining risk appetite and helps keep all risks within acceptable levels.
both the board and the rmc monitor risk exposures and profile against relevant risk thresholds on the risk dashboard.
this includes the status of each kri, asset liabilities management, regulatory and internal limits compliance, gap and sensitivity analysis, stress testing, concentration risks, business continuity plan bcp exercises, risk control self-assessments rcsa , risk management attestation statement, and residual risks.
for fy2023, the board reviewed various risk reports and processes, along with external and internal auditors' reports, and is satisfied with the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management framework, policies, and internal control processes.
financial reporting, internal controls & compliance with policies and regulations while no system offers absolute assurance against material loss or financial misstatement, the group's internal financial controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, proper accounting records are maintained, and financial information used by the company and in its publications is reliable and accurate.
in reviewing these controls, the directors considered the risks to the business, the likelihood of their occurrence, and the costs of safeguarding the company against such risks.
a system of effective internal controls is crucial; it provides a foundation for the safe and sound operation of the company's financing operations, thus safeguarding shareholders' investments and the group's assets.
the board of directors recognizes its overall responsibility to ensure accurate financial reporting and the adequacy and effectiveness of the group's system of internal controls.
the board, with the assistance of the audit committee ac and rmc, reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the group's risk management and internal control systems.
in compliance with rule 1207 10 of the listing manual, the board with the concurrence of the ac and rmc is of the opinion that the group's internal controls—including financial, operational, compliance, and information technology controls—and risk management systems are adequate and effective.
accountability the board provides shareholders with the group's half-yearly and annual financial results.
in presenting these statements, the board aims to provide shareholders with an assessment of the group's performance and position, with a commentary on the competitive conditions within the industry in which it operates.
the management provides all directors with detailed reports on the group's financial performance and related matters before each board meeting.
directors may seek further information from and discuss matters with management regarding the group's operations and performance.
the compliance department, with a direct reporting line to the rmc, ensures compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements.
the board believes in conducting itself in a way that delivers sustainable value to shareholders.
principle 10: audit committee the audit committee ac comprises mr. joseph toh kian leong chairman , ms. quan wai yee, and mr. kuah boon wee, all of whom are non-executive and independent.
mr. joseph toh kian leong is professionally qualified under the association of chartered certified accountants and a former partner of an audit and consultancy firm with international networks.
ms. quan wai yee is a retired senior bank executive with over 30 years of experience in the financial industry.
her expertise spans across various fields, including corporate banking, investment banking, and private banking, mainly in risk management.
mr. kuah boon wee is a fellow of the institute of institute name is missing . corporate governance statement chartered accountants of england and wales.
the board is of the view that the members of the audit committee ac have recent and relevant accounting and financial management expertise or experience to discharge the ac's functions.
the ac does not comprise any former partners or directors of the company's existing external auditors.
the ac is responsible for assisting the board in its oversight of the reliability and integrity of the accounting policies and financial reporting as well as to scrutinize the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls.
in discharging its oversight role, the ac is authorised and empowered to investigate any matter within its terms of reference and has full access to and cooperation of the management.
the ac, together with the management and the external auditors, reviews the group's audited financial statements and the accounting principles applied.
through the maintaining and application of appropriate accounting and financial reporting principles and policies and internal controls and procedures, the ac assesses whether the financial statements comply with the accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations.
the ac conducts an annual review of all non-audit services by the external auditors to satisfy itself that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.
the ac holds meetings with the internal auditors and external auditors at least once a year without the presence of management.
it examines the audit findings of the external and internal auditors.
it also reviews with the internal audit manager on the scope, results and effectiveness of the audits and approves the internal audit plan in consultation with the management.
any factors that may adversely affect the internal audit function's independence, objectivity or effectiveness will be reviewed by the ac.
in fy2023, the ac's activities, in line with its terms of reference, included: reviewing the significant financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the group's financial results and any announcements relating to the company's financial performance; recommending the unaudited results and related sgxnet announcements for the board's approval; reviewing the annual audit plan; reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, scope and results of the external audit; reviewing the independence and objectivity of the external auditors; reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope, quarterly findings and reports of the internal audit function; reviewing and reporting to the board on the adequacy and effectiveness of singfinance's internal controls, risk management systems and internal audit function annually; reviewing the assurance from the ceo and the head of finance department on the financial records and financial statements; considering and recommending the re-appointment of the external auditors, and the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors, to the board; reviewing related party transactions; and reviewing the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on.
the ac takes measures to keep abreast of the changes to accounting standards and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements by attending relevant training and via meetings with the external auditors who will update the ac on recent developments in accounting standards and other relevant matters.
corporate governance statement financial matters in the review of the financial statements, the ac discussed with management the accounting principles that were applied and their judgement of items that might affect the integrity of the financial statements.
the following significant matters were discussed with management and the external auditors, and were reviewed by the ac: significant financial reporting matters : expected credit loss "ecl" on non-credit impaired loans and advances, how the ac reviewed these matters : the level of judgements and estimates required in determining the ecl allowances for non-credit impaired loans and advances remained significant in 2023 due to the uncertainties in economic outlook caused by protracted geopolitical tensions, elevated inflation and rising interest rates.
the ac, together with rmc, have given careful consideration to the following significant matters: table end.
- the ecl estimates, in particular the key judgements made in relation to the forward economic guidance, underlying economic factors and scenarios, reasonableness of the probability-weighted outcome and their impact to the financial statements; - the post model adjustments, which were applied to account for the limitations in the ecl models.
following the review and discussions, the ac recommended to the board to approve the audited financial statements for fy2023.
corporate governance statement internal audit department effective risk management and internal control are vital to the effective execution of the company's business strategy.
the key role of the internal audit function of the group is to evaluate the effectiveness of the group's risk management, internal control, and governance processes.
the ac ensures that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the company.
the work of the internal audit department is primarily directed at improving the company's internal controls with the objective of improving the effectiveness and efficiency of operations, reliability of financial reporting and compliance with internal policies and processes and laws and regulations.
audit tests are performed by the internal audit department to ensure the integrity of the group's financial system and operating procedures as well as the soundness of the group's internal controls.
the internal auditors have unfettered access to the ac, the board and the management where necessary, as well as the right to seek information and explanations from relevant parties in carrying out their function.
management is responsible for addressing issues identified by the internal auditors.
the internal audit department reports independently to the ac.
the ac is responsible for approving the appointment, appraisal, resignation or dismissal of the head of internal audit function.
the ac has appointed ernst & young advisory pte ltd "ey" to perform the internal audit functions for the information technology department of the company.
both the company's in-house internal auditors and the auditors of ey subscribe to and are guided by the standards for the professional practice of internal auditing developed by the institute of internal auditors, inc "iia" and have incorporated these standards into its audit practices and meet the standards set by the iia.
the ac is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent, adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the company.
external audit the ac is responsible for recommending to the board the proposal to the shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditors.
the ac evaluates the external auditors based on factors such as the adequacy of the resources and experience of the auditing firm and audit engagement partner assigned to the audit, the firm's time commitment to the audit engagement, the number and experience of supervisory and professional staff assigned to the audit, the performance and quality of their audit and independence of the external auditors.
for appointment and re-appointment of external auditors, the ac took into consideration the audit quality indicators disclosure framework published by the acra to assess the auditors' commitment towards audit quality, integrity and training.
after the evaluation, the ac recommends its decision to the board for approval.
the ac also approves the external auditors' remuneration and terms of engagement.
singfinance is in compliance with rules 712 and 715 of the listing manual in relation to the appointment of its auditing firm.
the ac has reviewed the non-audit services provided during fy2023 and the fees paid for such services.
the total fees paid to the external auditors, deloitte & touche llp, are disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements in the annual report.
deloitte & touche llp is the external auditor for both the company and sing investments & finance nominees pte.
ltd.
the ac is satisfied that the independence of the external auditors has not been impaired and the external auditors have provided a confirmation of their independence to the ac.
whistle-blowing policy singfinance is committed to a high standard of ethical conduct with no tolerance for fraudulent practices.
the company has put in place a whistle-blowing policy and procedures which provide employees and members of the public with well-defined and accessible channels within the company, to raise genuine concerns or suspicions about possible improprieties in accounting, auditing and financial reporting or any other fraudulent activities relating to the company and its officers.
corporate governance statement the whistle-blowing policy aims to encourage the reporting of matters in good faith, ensuring employees and the public are treated fairly and protected from reprisal.
internal audit and compliance departments reporting independently to the board investigate whistleblowing reports.
the audit committee oversees and monitors whistleblowing matters.
the company ensures whistleblower confidentiality and allows anonymous reporting.
the whistle-blowing policy is covered in staff training and periodic communications to promote fraud control awareness.
procedures for handling feedback/complaints and independent investigations are established.
the company investigates suspected fraud objectively.
complaint handling procedures clear complaint handling procedures are in place and communicated to customers to ensure complaints are dealt with professionally, fairly, promptly, and diligently.
shareholder rights and engagement principle 11: shareholder rights and conduct of general meetings shareholder rights the company advocates fair and equitable treatment for all shareholders.
price-sensitive information is disclosed publicly in a timely manner.
shareholders participate effectively in general meetings, informed of the rules and procedures.
shareholders may attend and vote at the agm in person or by proxy.
the company allows up to two proxies; however, section 181 of the companies act allows relevant intermediaries to appoint more.
conduct of shareholder meetings the company strongly encourages shareholder attendance and participation at agms.
the agm notice is published on sgxnet and the company website to allow ample time for review.
directors and senior management attend to address shareholder queries.
external auditors also attend to address queries related to the audit and reports.
all directors, including the chairman of the board and ceo, attended the fy2023 agm.
the agm is held at a central location with convenient public transport access.
there is no virtual participation option.
separate resolutions are tabled for each issue, avoiding "bundling" unless resolutions are interdependent, with reasons and implications explained in the meeting notice.
the company secretary prepares minutes of general meetings including board and management responses to shareholder questions.
minutes are published on the company website and available upon request.
for transparency, the company conducts voting by poll.
shareholders are briefed on the voting process and procedures before the meeting.
independent scrutineers count and validate votes.
results votes cast for and against each resolution and percentages are announced and displayed, also released via sgxnet on the same day.
corporate governance statement dividend policy the company has in place a general policy on the factors to be considered for payment of dividends.
the board will continue to evaluate and recommend dividends to be paid to shareholders taking into consideration the following factors: the company's financial performance; compliance with regulatory capital requirements; sufficiency of retained earnings and reserves for capital expenditure and business operations and expansion; a fair and sustainable return on investment for shareholders; the company's past dividend payment history, economic and market conditions; and regulatory guidance, if any.
the annual dividend proposed for fy2023 is shown on page 184 in the notice of agm.
in compliance with rule 704 24 of the listing manual, in the event that the board decides not to declare or recommend a dividend, the company will expressly disclose the reason s for the decision together with the announcement of the relevant financial statements.
principle 12: engagement with shareholders the company has in place an investor relations policy which sets out the mechanism through which shareholders may contact the company with questions and through which the company may respond to such questions.
the company is committed to maintaining high standards of disclosure and corporate transparency.
the company provides consistent, relevant and timely information regarding the group's performance with the fundamental aim of assisting our shareholders and investors in their investment decision-making.
the company's financial results are released via sgxnet.
these include the half-year and full-year results which are also freely and publicly available at the company's website at www.singfinance.com.sg.
all relevant and material information are also released to the public and announced in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
apart from sgxnet announcements and annual reports, the company updates shareholders with information via its website and during the agm.
the company maintains a corporate website to communicate and engage regularly with its shareholders.
feedback mechanisms are in place to solicit the views of shareholders and to address requests and concerns raised by shareholders outside of the agm.
communication with shareholders is done by the executive directors.
in addition, all shareholders will receive the annual report of the company upon request and the notice of the agm which is also published via sgxnet.
meetings with institutional and retail investors may be arranged upon request.
shareholders are also welcome to express their views via email to investor relations@singfinance.com.sg.
the policy and processes in place allow for exchange of views so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders.
principle 13: engagement with stakeholders the board adopts an inclusive approach in the management and engagement of its key stakeholders, including customers, investors, employees and regulators to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.
the company has processes in place to identify and engage with its key stakeholder groups which will help to build the relationships and trust necessary for corporate sustainability.
the company's senior executives are involved in ongoing engagements with stakeholders through various channels.
the company maintains a current corporate website at www.singfinance.com.sg to communicate and engage with stakeholders.
please refer to the section on "stakeholder engagement" in page 44 of the sustainability report for more information on the company's strategy and key areas of focus in engagement with its stakeholders.
additional information: related party transactions the company has in place policies and procedures governing related party transactions.
the board has established procedures for approval of all related party transactions to ensure that these transactions with the company are undertaken on an arm's length basis.
corporate governance statement as per the related party transactions procedures, directors who disclose their interests in any related party transactions shall abstain and absent themselves from any discussion and approval of the aforesaid transactions.
details of directors and their related parties are maintained in the central database.
any transactions with directors or their related parties is captured by the system to facilitate review and reporting of such transactions.
the audit committee ac is responsible for reviewing and recommending all related party transactions and any material amendments to the board of directors for approval, where a special majority of three-fourths of the board is required.
during fy2023 the company had collected deposits from its directors and their related parties.
no preferential treatment had been extended to the directors and their related parties for these deposits.
disclosure of related party transactions during fy2023 is shown on page 160. interested person transactions in accordance with rule 907 of the listing manual of the sgx-st, details of the interested person transactions are required to be disclosed in the annual report.
for the financial year ended 31 december 2023, there was no interested person transaction.
material contracts rule 1207 8 of the listing manual except for the 3-year tenancy agreement entered into with sing holdings limited in 2022, there were no material contracts entered into by the company or its subsidiary involving the interests of the ceo, each director or controlling shareholder during fy2023.
dealing in company's shares the company continues to adopt the best practices advocated by the sgx-st, as set out in rule 1207 19 of the listing manual, for the trading of the company's shares by its staff and directors.
the company has established policies in place to ensure that employees do not place themselves in positions where their own interests could conflict with those of the company.
the following internal human resource policies guide all directors and officers in their dealings in the company's shares: all directors and officers must inform the management/board of their dealings in the company's shares, including dealings by their immediate family members.
all directors and officers should not deal in the company's shares on short-term considerations and while in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive information in relation to such shares.
all directors and officers must also not deal in the company's shares during the period commencing one month before the announcement of the company's half-year and full-year financial results.
business and ethical conduct the board of directors adopts the directors' code of professional conduct "code of conduct" published by singapore institute of directors “sid" . the code of conduct seeks to ensure that all directors are committed to achieving the highest level of professionalism and integrity in the discharge of their office and is intended to complement the code.
while the code sets out the principles of corporate governance to be observed by listed companies, the code of conduct amplifies the standards of ethics which should be adopted by individual directors in order to bring out the highest standards of conduct in the discharge of their office.
the code of conduct embraces the values of honesty, integrity, personal excellence and accountability which should be the cornerstone of every director's conduct.
the company continuously exercises prudence in its business dealings and has in place personnel policy that sets out the standards and ethical conduct expected of employees.
in addition, all staff members are required to observe the guidelines stated in the finance houses association of singapore's code of conduct.
the principles covered in the code of conduct include confidentiality of information, conflict of interests, relationships with customers and insider trading.
the company ensures that all staff members continue to observe high standards of professionalism and integrity in their dealings with the customers, business associates and colleagues.
date: 23 february 2024 corporate governance statement rule 710 of the listing manual requires singapore-listed companies to describe their corporate governance practices with specific reference to the code of corporate governance issued on 6 august 2018 the "code" in their annual reports for the financial years commencing on or after 1 january 2019. this summary of disclosures describes our corporate governance practices with specific reference to the disclosure requirements in the principles and provisions of the code.
board matters the board's conduct of affairs principle 1 provision 1.1: pages 17 to 18 provision 1.2: pages 18 to 19 provision 1.3: page 19 provision 1.4: page 19 provision 1.5: page 19 provision 1.6: page 20 provision 1.7: page 20 board composition and guidance principle 2 provision 2.1: page 20 provision 2.2: page 20 provision 2.3: page 20 provision 2.4: pages 21 to 22 provision 2.5: page 22 chairman and chief executive officer principle 3 provision 3.1: pages 22 to 23 provision 3.2: page 23 provision 3.3: page 23 board membership principle 4 provision 4.1: page 23 provision 4.2: page 23 provision 4.3: pages 23 to 24 provision 4.4: page 25 provision 4.5: page 25 board performance principle 5 provision 5.1: page 26 provision 5.2: page 26 remuneration matters procedures for developing remuneration policies principle 6 provision 6.1: page 27 provision 6.2: page 27 provision 6.3: page 27 provision 6.4: page 27 level and mix of remuneration principle 7 provision 7.1: page 27 provision 7.2: page 27 provision 7.3: pages 27 to 28 disclosure on remuneration principle 8 provision 8.1: page 28 provision 8.2: pages 28 to 29 provision 8.3: pages 29 to 30 accountability and audit controls risk management and internal controls principle 9 provision 9.1: page 30 provision 9.2: page 31 audit committee principle 10 provision 10.1: pages 34 and 36 provision 10.2: pages 33 to 34 provision 10.3: page 34 provision 10.4: page 36 provision 10.5: page 34 shareholder rights and responsibilities shareholder rights and conduct of general meetings principle 11 provision 11.1: page 37 provision 11.2: page 37 provision 11.3: page 37 provision 11.4: page 37 provision 11.5: page 37 provision 11.6: page 38 engagement with shareholders principle 12 provision 12.1: page 38 provision 12.2: page 38 provision 12.3: page 38 managing stakeholders relationships engagement with stakeholders principle 13 provision 13.1: page 38 provision 13.2: page 38 provision 13.3: page 38 annual report 2023 sustainability report contents section: about this report, page: 41, section: sustainability pillar - creating values section: board statement, page: 42, section: economic value, page: 55 section: our approach to sustainability, section: service digitisation, page: 57 section: sustainability governance, page: 43, section: community contribution, page: 59 section: stakeholder engagement, page: 44, section: sustainability pillar - upholding values section: materiality assessment, page: 46, section: corporate governance, page: 61 section: sustainability pillar - valuing environment, section: risk culture, page: 63 section: responsible financing, page: 47, section: talent management, page: 65 section: low carbon transition, page: 48, section: metrics & content indices section: environmental footprint, page: 53, section: esg core metrics, page: 73 section: gri content index, page: 75 section: tcfd content index, page: 79 table end.
about this report reporting period this is the seventh sustainability report "sr" for sing investments & finance limited referred to as “singfinance” or “the company” and its fully owned subsidiary, sing investments & finance nominees pte.
ltd collectively, “the group” , which covers the financial year 1 january 2023 to 31 december 2023, and is reported together with our annual report.
scope this report covers the operations of the group and seeks to provide both internal and external stakeholders with an overview of the group’s strategies, management and monitoring of material factors, in relation to environmental, social and governance "esg" matters.
environmental matters include issues related to climate risk.
the sr supplements the financial and risk performance reported elsewhere in the annual report to present a balanced perspective of how the group strives to build long-term values, invest for growth while supporting our stakeholders and valuing our environment.
the contents aim to provide relevant esg data and information to singfinance’s stakeholders, which include our employees, our customers, our shareholders, our regulators and those who live in the same community as us.
the group’s entities included in this sr are equivalent to those disclosed in the group’s financial statements.
in consolidating information of the entities of the group, adjustments were not made to information for minority interests.
the group has not undergone any mergers, acquisitions and disposal of entities this financial year.
the consolidation approach taken across the group’s entities and across material topics is consistent and remains unchanged from the prior year.
sustainability reporting framework this report has been prepared in accordance with the global reporting initiative “gri” 2021 standards and in conformity with the singapore exchange’s “sgx” sustainability reporting regime.
the gri standards were adopted by the group as the disclosure principles and performance metrics provided by gri are relevant for the group to communicate the progress and impact of our esg efforts with our stakeholders.
the gri content index is available on page 75. the climate-related disclosures in the sr are consistent with the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” . the tcfd content index is available on page 79. board statement climate change in the 28th united nations climate change conference "cop28" , the first ever global stocktake revealed that the current stage of global climate actions is significantly inadequate in meeting the goal of the paris agreement on holding the rise in global temperatures.
this calls for swift actions and transformative changes to cut greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emissions and curb global warming.
similarly in singapore, the monetary authority of singapore “mas" in its financial stability review 2023 reported that our financial sector would incur significant financial losses in the event of a disorderly transition to a low carbon future.
this could be destabilising for the financial system.
a disorderly transition scenario in the mas analysis is when the concerted climate policy action begins only in 2026, which is less than 2 years from now.
singfinance agrees that there is no time to waste in transitioning to a low carbon economy.
following the launch of singfinance responsible financing, we continue to refine our approach and educate our colleagues so that esg considerations become instinctive and spontaneous to us when we make business decisions.
in 2023, we conducted our first scenario analysis on climate risk in accordance with the recommendations of tcfd.
the first assessment to explore the climate impact on our financial performance was based on qualitative narratives.
our climate-related strategy and management actions will now be informed by the outcomes of the transition pathways.
concurrently, we are exploring pragmatic ways to conduct the analysis in a more quantitative manner for a more accurate assessment of our financial positions under different climate scenarios.
governance and transparency we are once again honoured by the recognition given to our effort in upholding the standards of corporate governance and reporting.
in 2023, we received the following awards: singapore corporate awards under $300m market capitalisation category : best managed board – gold award best risk management – gold award best annual report – bronze award edge centurion club awards banking & investment services, collective investments, fintech & infrastructure and insurance sector : overall sector winner highest returns to shareholders over 3 years highest growth in profit after tax over 3 years additionally, in the 2023 singapore governance transparency index survey, we retained the 11th position out of the 474 listed companies surveyed and have consistently ranked in the top 5% in the past 10 years.
the foregoing awards and index are the leading benchmarks for evaluating exemplary corporate practices in singapore.
we greatly appreciate their recognition of singfinance's efforts in maintaining high standards of corporate governance.
innovation we have continued to expand our digital capabilities in order to provide our customers with greater convenience and easier access to our services.
in 2023, we are among the first adopters in singapore of the multi-token feature for mobile apps.
our corporate customers can now conveniently access accounts from various organizations using our mobile apps on a single device.
this feature eliminates the need for customers to juggle multiple devices when accessing accounts across different entities, providing a more streamlined experience.
with the convenience of this multi-token feature, we aspire to host the key operating accounts of our customers.
looking back at 2023, we are proud to remain committed to our esg agenda despite challenges and uncertainties.
we will continue to strengthen our capability to mitigate climate-related risks and to seize opportunities arising from the transition of singapore to a greener economy whilst upholding our standards in corporate governance and transparency.
our approach to sustainability our approach to sustainability is to ensure that esg issues are well integrated with our business and operational models, and are subject to strong governance by our management and board.
we embed sustainability considerations in our business strategies and lending decisions, and appraise both esg-related risks and opportunities in a holistic and balanced manner.
sustainability governance governance structure this diagram shows the organizational chart for sustainability governance, including the board of directors, risk management committee, sustainability steering committee, and other relevant departments.
board of directors the board has an overall responsibility for sustainability, provides oversight of esg matters and has in place a strong governance framework to manage our business effectively and responsibly.
the board determines the material esg factors, approves the sustainability-related policies and the enterprise-wide risk management framework “ewrm” , which now covers the group’s environmental and climate risk management.
in addition, the board is responsible for ensuring that the group has adequate resources to achieve its esg aspirations and for allocating resources appropriately through annual budgeting and long-term strategic planning.
please refer to the corporate governance statement of this annual report for the independence, composition, diversity and other information on the board of directors.
risk management committee to support the board of directors on esg matters, the risk management committee “rmc” oversees the ewrm, reviews and approves risk policies and procedures.
this includes defining singfinance’s risk appetite and managing the company’s risk exposures, which include esg risks.
the rmc meets quarterly, and reports and escalates esg-related matters to the audit committee, which has overall oversight responsibility for esg issues, and to the board.
chaired by an independent director, the rmc comprises 2 independent directors, 2 executive directors, head of risk management, head of product management, head of finance, head of compliance and head of treasury/branches.
apart from the 2 independent non-executive directors, all other rmc committee members are involved in the day-to-day operations and business of singfinance.
sing investments & finance limited: sustainability report 2023 governance and sustainability committees the independent directors are subject to the tenure requirements for listed company directors imposed by the sgx.
other rmc members are appointed based on their positions as singfinance functional heads.
of the rmc members, 56% are females and 44% are males, as at 31 december 2023, unchanged from a year ago.
the selection criteria in the composition of the rmc includes competencies, experience, diversity and independence.
sustainability steering committee the sustainability steering committee “ssc” supports the rmc in reviewing, monitoring and managing singfinance's sustainability efforts and material esg factors.
the committee reports regularly to the rmc, which in turn reports to the audit committee and board on matters and issues relating to sustainability.
audit committee the audit committee “ac” has overall oversight responsibility for esg matters.
through the internal audit function, the ac provides independent oversight on the design of policies related to sustainability, compliance with these policies, quality of data being collected and sustainability-related reporting and disclosure processes and practices.
the internal audit function has reviewed this report, which has not been externally assured.
other functions supporting sustainability efforts supporting the ssc are the relevant heads of department, who have been delegated specific sustainability responsibilities, tasks, and targets.
sustainability performance all singfinance personnel responsible for sustainability are expected to ensure full compliance with our esg-related policies, strategize to achieve the esg targets set by the board, and incorporate sustainability considerations into every initiative they oversee.
our remuneration policy takes into account the contributions of our personnel in enhancing singfinance's sustainability performance, which is now one of our strategic imperatives.
stakeholder engagement the group’s stakeholders are the entities or individuals that can be reasonably expected to be impacted by our activities, products, and services.
engagement with our stakeholders is essential for us to receive feedback and to understand their expectations.
the board of directors takes this input when directing and prioritizing our esg efforts.
table: stakeholder engagement summary stakeholders: customers, engagement channels: interactions at branches & face-to-face meetings regular engagement with relationship managers customer service hotline feedback via sif mobile apps & website, areas of interest: digitally enabled services & products fair dealing competitive pricing & innovative products data privacy & security prompt service & complaint resolution, our responses: sif retail & corporate e-services apps, & company website active listening professional and ethical standards in business conduct strong data security good customer services and prompt resolution of feedback & complaints table end.
. //image of people icon representing customers sustainability report stakeholders engagement stakeholders: regulators , engagement channels: regular dialogues, updates & consultation industry-wide initiatives to strengthen soundness of financial industry compliance reviews, surveys for insights & dialogues, areas of interest: transparent, timely data & insights company, industry financial & operational stability key regulatory issues, including cyber security, financial crime, money laundering, operational resilience, our responses: participation in dialogues, surveys & consultation strong governance and controls over financial & operational risks compliance to regulatory requirements and guidelines in letter & spirit strong capital and adequate liquidity stakeholders: employees , engagement channels: one-to-one sessions feedback in the course of work and appraisals staff satisfaction survey and follow-ups communication and updates from management, areas of interest: personal & professional development opportunities for career progression work-life balance mutual trust & respect, our responses: fair & progressive hr policies support for flexible working arrangement training opportunities & career development talent management & retention stakeholders: investors , engagement channels: annual general and other shareholder meetings annual reports & result announcements updates & broadcasts through sif websites, areas of interest: stable, sustainable growth & returns sound funding & strong capital strong corporate governance & transparency, our responses: competent & independent board of directors & management financial prudence & sustainable dividend pay-out robust corporate & risk governance timely disclosure & reporting stakeholders: community , engagement channels: community engagement programs partnership with charity & social service agencies sustainability reporting, areas of interest: good corporate citizenship financial support and donations in kind positive impacts on environment, our responses: responsible financing giving back through corporate social responsibility activities effort to reduce environmental footprints table end.
this image contains logos representing each stakeholder group.
46 sing investments & finance limited sustainability report annual report 2023 materiality assessment the sustainability steering committee, which comprises members of senior management and key managerial staff of singfinance, identifies and assesses the material esg factors, based on internal relevance and external expectations, for the risk management committee’s endorsement before recommending them to the ac and board for approval.
the material esg factors are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that they remain relevant to the group in the fast-evolving landscape.
sustainability pillars our sustainability priorities centre around 3 pillars to focus our efforts in creating impact on esg matters.
the esg material factors the group identifies are aligned under the 3 sustainability pillars.
we recognise that as a financial institution, the environmental factors are the most material esg agenda to singfinance.
our lending activities create environmental impact and our assets are exposed to environmental risks.
in 2023, we have added “low carbon transition” as a material factor under the “valuing environment” pillar and lifted “valuing environment” to be the first of the 3 sustainability pillars to focus our effort on environment.
policy commitments & targets the group reports our policy commitments to each material factor identified by the board of directors and communicates these commitments to all relevant stakeholders, including our employees and shareholders, through various engagement channels.
targets and risk appetites are set up to help us fulfil the policy commitments and our progress on key targets is presented in this report annually.
the group is committed to providing for or cooperating in the remediation of negative impacts resulting from our actions, in accordance with our policies.
we have processes and mechanisms in place to identify and address grievances and complaints from our stakeholders.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images other than the diagrammatic representation of the sustainability pillars and their associated material factors.
sustainability report sustainability pillar - valuing environment material factor - responsible financing why is this material singfinance is exposed to esg-related risks through our lending activities via our loans to customers that operate in esg sensitive sectors.
the group believes that proper management of environmental risks of our financing business can yield positive results and help enhance our reputation and brand for our business.
singfinance esg risk management our esg risk policies and processes focus on the lending to the industries with elevated esg risks and are guided by the association of banks guidelines on responsible financing “abs guidelines" and mas' guidelines on environmental risk management.
the abs guidelines cover 8 industries with elevated esg risks, namely agricultural, chemicals, defence, energy from fossil fuels, forestry, infrastructure, mining & metals and waste management.
esg sensitive sectors by abs agricultural forestry infrastructure chemical defence energy from fossil fuels metals & mining waste management material factor - responsible financing esg risk appetite we seek to protect our assets by limiting our risk appetite for financing of esg sensitive assets.
we resolve to keep the exposures low to sustain the climate resilience of our portfolio and assets.
in 2023, we reassessed and enhanced our esg risk management to incorporate climate matters more thoroughly into our risk management.
singfinance esg risk assessment approach to support our customers in their transition to greener technologies and business models, we conduct a preliminary assessment of esg and climate risks before onboarding new customers.
this proactive approach is taken to prevent disruptions to their financing and operations, as well as to mitigate the risk of potential impairment of our assets due to the abrupt termination of the relationship at a later stage.
we conduct esg risk assessments on all new credit applications and at annual credit reviews.
the review of all borrowers classified with "low & medium inherent esg risk" will be based on our general responsible financing checklist.
customers with “high inherent esg risk" will be assessed with enhanced due diligence based on one of our 8 sector specific responsible financing checklists.
the assessment will take into consideration negative esg news and information about the customers in the public domain.
we will factor in the risk mitigating criteria to determine the residual risk rating.
our esg due diligence for all customers is now integrated into our credit risk management policy which guides our lending decisions.
sustainability report 2024 target: responsible financing compliance with singfinance esg risk management policies to ensure our assets remain resilient to environment and climate risks.
material factor - low carbon transition sustainability pillar: valuing environment material factor: low carbon transition why is this material?
recognising that the financial sector has a critical role to play in supporting the transition of singapore to a low carbon economy, singfinance is committed to supporting our customers in their transition journey to minimise the adverse impact caused by their business activities to people, the environment and community.
environmental risk management policy we recognise that environmental change can impact the company's principal risks, such as credit, liquidity, operational, reputational and market risks.
in response, we have implemented our environmental risk management policy to strengthen our resilience to environmental risks.
time horizon: short-term, risk classification: s time horizon: medium-term, risk classification: m time horizon: long-term, risk classification: l table end.
risks and opportunities based on our assessment, our assets, portfolios and operations are exposed to both transition risk , arising from the shift towards a low-carbon economy, and physical risk , relating to physical impacts of climate change.
the physical risk can manifest in the form of acute risk , driven by sudden and rapidly developing weather events, and chronic risk , caused by longer-term shifts in climate patterns.
singfinance assesses the environmental risks and opportunities through the short, medium and long-term time scales defined below.
in making the classification, we take into consideration our financial and resource planning cycles as well as the maturity tenures of our assets and portfolios.
time horizon: 0-1 year, years: 0-1 time horizon: 1-5 years, years: 1-5 time horizon: 5-30 years, years: 5-30 table end.
sustainability report: environmental risks and opportunities the examples of environmental risks and opportunities facing singfinance are as follows: physical risks risk type: acute risk, level: m, l, examples: increased extreme weather events such as flood & heats, financial impact: reduced revenue due to physical disruptions financial impact: asset impairment financial impact: increased insurance premium risk type: chronic risk, level: m, l, examples: extreme variability in weather patterns; rising sea levels & mean temperatures table end.
transition risks risk type: policy & legal risk, level: s, m, l, examples: higher greenhouse gas emission taxes; penalties for involving in illegal activities, financial impact: impairment of loans & investments as changes negatively impact customers' bottom lines risk type: technology risk, level: s, m, l, examples: higher research & development costs; costs incurred in implementing new technologies, financial impact: higher costs would adversely impact customers' cash flows and in turn their repayment ability risk type: market risk, level: s, m, l, examples: changes in customer sentiment & demand; value-chain disruption, financial impact: reduced revenue from lower demands for credit facilities risk type: reputational risk, level: s, m, examples: negative perception of singfinance resulting in customer loss & lower profitability, financial impact: challenges in retaining & attracting talents; reduced access to capital table end.
opportunities opportunity type: products, level: s, m, l, examples: new products & services, financial impact: increased revenue with new business opportunities opportunity type: business, level: m, l, examples: higher business volume, financial impact: higher revenue with more transitioning activities table end.
scenario analysis in 2023, we conducted our first scenario analysis on climate risk, a key environmental risk, based on the recommendations of task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” . we took reference from the network for greening the financial system phase 2 “ngfs” climate scenarios, which are consistent with the climate scenarios used in the monetary authority of singapore's industry wide stress test “iwst” 2022. singfinance climate change analysis 2023 in line with the iwst 2022, singfinance used three climate scenarios adopted from the ngfs sub-category of net zero 2050: orderly transition, disorderly transition, and no additional policies.
table: singfinance climate scenarios singfinance climate scenario: orderly transition, ngfs sub-category: net zero 2050, description: timely and orderly global actions to move towards a low-carbon future, mean global warming in 2050: 1.6°c, global transition risk: moderate, physical risk: limited singfinance climate scenario: disorderly transition, ngfs sub-category: delayed transition, description: a delayed and disorderly shift to a low-carbon future, mean global warming in 2050: 1.8°c, global transition risk: medium to high, physical risk: limited singfinance climate scenario: no additional policies, ngfs sub-category: current policies, description: no additional climate policies are introduced, mean global warming in 2050: 3°c, global transition risk: limited, physical risk: high table end.
all singfinance property loans are secured on local properties.
the greatest risk facing singfinance's property loans is physical risk due to singapore's vulnerability to rising sea levels 30% of the island lies less than 5 meters above the mean sea level . however, this risk is mitigated by proactive government measures.
green building incentives and green finance solutions are available as part of the national effort to decarbonize the building and construction sector.
the participation of small and medium enterprises smes in these schemes is currently low, but opportunities for financing may increase as the schemes become more accessible.
property loans analysis summary singfinance's 2023 analysis focused on its two largest loan portfolios: property loans and automotive financing constituting over 50% of total customer loans as of december 31, 2023 . the analysis used qualitative scenario narratives to assess potential climate change implications on financial performance.
the board of directors will use the findings to formulate strategies and management actions to improve portfolio resilience to climate risks and identify business opportunities.
a more robust quantitative approach will be explored in the future.
property loans risks decline in rental demand for properties in high-risk areas & higher cost of building maintenance, caused by rising heat & other reasons, will impact cashflows and lead to higher probability of default pd ; poor liquidity for high-risk properties will drive property value lower, causing higher loss given default lgd the green building & construction standards may turn more stringent as singapore strives to meet its decarbonization targets; this will lead to lower building & construction activities among smes due to low investment returns & lack of capital, financing, technology & knowhow to undertake such projects the climate & market data to assess the risks to our portfolios is currently limited; in addition, accelerating & disorderly policy changes will present a greater challenges to small market participants, our main customer base, than larger-scale players opportunities with solutions and support from the government, more smes will be able to overcome the barriers & access green incentives; higher participation of our customers in green projects will offer partnership opportunities & drive demand for credit the opportunities to generate saving in operating & maintenance costs & the need to mitigate physical risks facing the buildings may lead to increase in retrofitting & upgrading of real estates, presenting more financing opportunities demand for green financing presents opportunities to expand our products; we could hone our skillsets in green financing through either internal capacity building or talent acquisition, and participate in loan syndications singfinance will continue to build its capacity in quantitative measures on environmental risk and monitor policy changes and market trends in singapore.
concurrently, we will tap into the opportunities to partner with our customers in financing their transitioning activities.
automotive financing singfinance is a leading automotive financier for singapore car dealers.
we do not provide credit facilities to automotive manufacturers and original equipment manufacturers, which are generally considered to face higher transition risks.
our customers are car dealers who supply motor vehicles according to customer demand, without having to invest in plants, infrastructure or innovation centres that may become obsolete with changes in technology.
in singapore, the cost of electric vehicle “ev” ownership has been decreasing with better battery technology and government incentives.
on the other hand, the cost of internal combustion engine vehicle is expected to rise with fuel prices, taxes and other government measures to curtail carbon emission.
according to ernst & young's mobility consumer index 2023 study, the ev buying intent among singaporean prospective car buyers reached 63%, up by 7% from a year before.
we also observe that while most consumers in singapore prefer privacy, convenience and security of owning cars, the subscription-based ownership has grown in popularity and is likely to continue trending up.
automotive financing: risks and opportunities the key risks and opportunities of singfinance's automotive financing business based on the 2023 scenario analysis are as follows: risks ev adoption and market changes: as electrical vehicle ev adoption accelerates in singapore, technology and demand changes will impact auto-dealers supply chain and service model . this may affect singfinance's market share in automotive financing.
government policies: changes in government policies on private vehicle ownership in singapore's transition to a low-carbon future vehicle quotas, certificate of entitlement model, etc. may impact singfinance's business model, products, and loan size.
new product risk: singfinance faces new product risks while exploring financing solutions to meet evolving market demands for evs.
there are uncertainties regarding ev value as loan security and insurance coverage.
opportunities evolving automobile sector: the automobile sector's evolution new technologies and shifting consumer behaviors presents new financing opportunities as customers upgrade and invest to remain competitive.
strong auto-dealer relationships: singfinance's long-term relationships with auto-dealers position the company to support them during their transition journeys.
green cars and subscriptions: higher demand for green cars and subscription-based vehicle ownership creates opportunities for new products that could boost singfinance's brand among environmentally conscious and younger customers.
2024 targets disclosure: more granular disclosures based on tcfd recommendations.
capacity building: continued efforts to equip staff with training and tools to manage environmental risks and explore business opportunities.
sustainability report: material factor - environmental footprint why is this material a clean and healthy environment is needed for every society and community to thrive and grow.
hence, as a responsible corporate citizen, we are committed to playing our part by actively reducing our own environmental footprint to protect the vital ecosystems that support life on our planet.
reduce, recycle, replace to fulfil our commitment to minimise our environmental footprint, a three-pronged approach via reducing , recycling , and replacing has been put in place.
we seek to reduce the consumption of electricity and water as well as the use of paper through various initiatives, including promoting e-statements to customers and implementing paperless processing internally.
we continue to embark on recycling programmes on paper, e-waste and to replace electrical appliances with eco-friendlier options.
electricity and water consumption the group's electricity consumption in total and in average per staff decreased by 7.4% and 10.7% year-on-year respectively.
on the other hand, the water consumption in total and in average per staff increased by 30.5% and 25.7% compared to 2022, respectively due mainly to a water leakage issue which has since been rectified.
table: electricity consumption year: 2021, megawatt-hours group wide : 1,088, megawatt-hours/staff: 6.64 year: 2022, megawatt-hours group wide : 1,124, megawatt-hours/staff: 7.02 year: 2023, megawatt-hours group wide : 1,041, megawatt-hours/staff: 6.27 table end.
table: water consumption year: 2021, m3 group wide : 5,246, m3/staff: 31.99 year: 2022, m3 group wide : 6,369, m3/staff: 39.81 year: 2023, m3 group wide : 8,310, m3/staff: 50.03 table end.
greenhouse gas emission as part of our on-going effort to manage the group's environmental footprint, we measure scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emission of our operations.
the scope 1 emission increased in 2023 due mainly to a one-off air-conditioner refrigerant top-up.
we are exploring pragmatic ways to measure scope 3 greenhouse gas emission in order to capture our impact on climate more comprehensively.
table 2.1 - scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions year: 2021, scope 1 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 4.73, scope 2 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 444.54, scope 1 & 2/ staff: 2.74 year: 2022, scope 1 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 11.64, scope 2 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 468.37, scope 1 & 2/ staff: 3.00 year: 2023, scope 1 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 91.98, scope 2 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 433.91, scope 1 & 2/ staff: 3.17 table end.
note: the greenhouse gas emissions for electricity are calculated based on the operating margin of electricity grid emission factor "gef" published by energy market authority of singapore.
the calculations are based on the most recent prior year's gefs if the data for the reporting year are not available and will be revised based on the latest published data accordingly.
electric vehicle & charging facility conscious that electric cars emit significantly lower greenhouse gas than those powered by internal combustion engines, we have replaced one of our company cars with an electric vehicle and installed a charging facility at the car park of our premises at 96 robinson road.
recycling programme launched in 2019, singfinance recycling programme serves to encourage our staff and tenants to be mindful about sorting their trash for effective recycling.
we consistently create awareness of the importance of recycling through circulars and monthly e-newsletters.
in 2023, we recycled 1,250 kilograms of waste paper.
table 2.2 - recycled waste year: 2023, paper kg : 1,250 year: 2022, paper kg : 2,240 year: 2021, paper kg : 2,017 table end.
our recycling effort has saved 21 trees in the year 2023. . 21 trees saved through recycling paperless in a bid to be more environmentally friendly and reduce waste, we have ceased sending hardcopy annual reports to our shareholders since 2019, unless shareholders specifically request a copy.
shareholders are encouraged to access our company's website for an electronic copy of the annual report instead.
we continued to encourage our customers to switch to e-statements to reduce paper consumption, and to access their accounts electronically to obtain up-to-date information anytime and anywhere.
sustainable sourcing as a financial services group, we procure a wide range of products and services, including office supplies, and professional, software, corporate and real estate services.
the group’s sourcing policy requires due diligence checks on our suppliers in four areas as follows: human rights, health and safety, environment sustainability and business integrity and ethics.
our sourcing policy helps ensure that we only acquire supplies from vendors who are ethical and place emphasis on limiting environmental impact in their business conduct and activities.
for example, we procure paper supplies only from green label certified vendors.
our targets on environmental footprint are as follows: 2024 targets utility consumption: greenhouse gas emission, lower energy and water consumption per staff: lower greenhouse gas emission through technology change and efficiency table end.
sustainability pillar – creating values material factor - economic value sustainability pillar: creating values, material factor: economic value table end.
why is this material we aim to create sustainable growth and long-term value for all our stakeholders and share the value created fairly and equitably with them.
we recognise that achieving this strategic goal requires us to maintain a long-term perspective and stay focused and accountable to our stakeholders.
profitability & return to our shareholders, the group seeks to provide sustainable dividend returns within the regulatory parameters.
in recommending dividends, the board of directors seeks to balance between dividend pay-outs to shareholders and earnings retention to support business growth and ensure we have a strong capital position.
the group achieved a 10-year compound annual growth rate "cagr" of 11%, with its net profit after tax reaching $33.2 million in 2023. at the same time, our loan business increased during this period, reaching a high watermark of $2.45 billion as at 31 december 2023. our average loan balance in 2023 grew by 7.5% compared to a year ago, against the backdrop of a decline in singapore's credit market.
the monetary authority of singapore reported that non-bank lending dropped by 6.2% year-on-year in september 2023. while our business continued to grow in the year of uncertainties, our non-performing loan ratio has improved by 0.7% point to 0.4% at the end of 2023. with the financial performance, the board is pleased to recommend a first and final dividend of 6.0 singapore cents per share for the year 2023 2022: 6.7 singapore cents, restated with the 1 for 2 bonus issuance in may 2023 . the proposed dividends are subject to approval by shareholders at the upcoming annual general meeting.
table 3.1 - direct economic value item: $'000 item: total income, 2023: 60,992, 2022: 65,565, 2021: 64,969 item: staff cost, 2023: 20,055, 2022: 18,634, 2021: 18,096 item: operating costs excluding depreciation , 2023: 6,212, 2022: 6,932, 2021: 6,488 item: income tax expense, 2023: 6,603, 2022: 6,867, 2021: 5,886 item: profit after tax, 2023: 33,210, 2022: 37,203, 2021: 31,433 item: dividend , 2023: 14,186, 2022: 15,763, 2021: 12,610 item: retained in the business, 2023: 19,024, 2022: 21,440, 2021: 18,823 table end.
dividend for 2023 is subject to shareholders' approval strong capital apart from generating sustainable returns, singfinance seeks to maintain its status as a well-capitalised and trusted financial institution.
over the years, we ensure steady growth in our shareholders' equity by retaining profits responsibly to support our growth and maintain a strong capital position.
while we deploy our capital to grow our business, we always maintain a prudential capital buffer above the minimum regulatory capital requirement.
table 3.2 - shareholders' equity and capital adequacy ratio item: total shareholders' equity $'000 , 2023: 436,455, 2022: 414,819, 2021: 405,765 item: capital adequacy ratio % , 2023: 14.6, 2022: 15.6, 2021: 17.0 table end.
creditors' right the group fully appreciates the critical role played by our creditors, particularly our deposit customers, in providing funds for us to pursue our business goals.
therefore, we seek to sustain their trust in us and protect their rights.
through prudent financial and risk management, we ensure we have sufficient liquidity for timely repayment of our financial obligations and treat all creditors fairly and equitably.
singfinance participates in the national deposit insurance scheme.
singapore dollar deposits of our non-bank depositors are insured by under the scheme for up to $75,000 in aggregate per depositor.
the insurance coverage will be raised to $100,000 per depositor from 1 april 2024. 2024 targets sustainable value creation strong capital & trust sustainable growth and long-term values for all stakeholders strong capital with a comfortable buffer above regulatory capital requirement that supports business growth sustainability report: service digitization why is this material?
we aim to stay relevant and competitive in the irreversible trend of digitization.
we seek to connect with younger and more tech-savvy customers through technology as a way of building future generations of customers to sustain our long-term growth.
increasingly, our customers expect us to leverage technology to provide seamless, efficient, and uninterrupted services that can be accessed anytime and anywhere.
e-services singfinance is the first and only finance company in singapore that allows customers both retail and corporate to conduct transactions digitally via mobile apps.
our retail mobile app, sif mobile, and corporate app, sif biz mobile, offer our customers 24/7 biometric secure access to a suite of online products and services.
we constantly promote the use of e-services to our customers and will continue to introduce new features and products in our mobile apps to meet their needs.
in 2023: the number of customers using our e-service apps increased by 54%.
the account balances of customers using mobile apps grew by 68% from a year ago.
penetration of mobile apps : a screenshot showing the singfinance mobile app interface and a woman using it.
table: mobile app usage growth 2023 metric: increase in number of customers, percentage change: +54% metric: increase in account balances, percentage change: +68% table end.
singfinance sustainability report 2023 e-services launched in 2023 multi soft tokens in one mobile device: this feature provides customers the convenience of managing multiple accounts from different organizations from a single mobile device.
eguarantee@gov: this allows customers to apply for digital guarantees issued by singfinance for their obligations to government agencies and statutory boards through an electronic platform.
customers no longer need to deliver paper guarantees.
protection against online scams singfinance has enhanced security measures to combat rising digital and phishing scams, in line with mas requirements.
these measures include: removing clickable links in all communications to customers.
setting a fund transfer threshold of 1 cent, promoting resets by customers to their preferred limits.
notifying customers of all changes made in mobile apps to their registered mobiles.
publishing education series and security advisories through electronic direct mails.
putting a 12-hour delay on new token activation.
providing self-service emergency "kill switch" to suspend online accounts.
using singpass facial verification to authenticate customer identity.
health and safety of customers singfinance recognizes that its core strength lies in its ability to deliver personalized services.
the expansion of e-services will not compromise its commitment to serving customers in person at its branches.
the company continually assesses the risks to the health and safety of its customers at its branches.
our measures to mitigate health and safety risks a fire safety: placing fire extinguishers regularly inspected displaying prominent exit signs conducting fire escape exercises b precautions to contain transmission of infectious diseases: setting plastic screens at service counters cleaning and sanitizing premises regularly c movable ramps to help wheelchair users enter and exit branches safely and easily 2024 targets e-services apps ramp-up: higher penetration of apps among customers and higher deposit balances placed through digital channels digital capacity: more innovations in e-services to stay competitive and relevant material factor - community contribution sustainability pillar: creating values material factor: community contribution why is this material?
building strong bonds with our community is part of our company's core values.
we are committed to supporting vulnerable groups and promoting greater inclusivity.
walk for rice+ 2023 singfinance and its board of directors are committed to building strong relationships with our communities and promoting a healthy and active lifestyle.
in 2023, we enthusiastically participated in the 10-week-long ntuc fairprice walk for rice+ @ south east program.
this program aimed to accumulate walking and running distances among participants.
these efforts were exchanged for donations of rice and oatmeal to support needy and vulnerable families in the south east district by ntuc fairprice.
our colleagues, management, and directors personally contributed by walking and running.
in addition, more than 80 singfinance staff members spent a meaningful morning on october 28th at gardens by the bay with about 40 children and parents from underprivileged families.
they walked together for the cause.
the event was jointly organized by singfinance and the south east community development council in conjunction with the walk for rice program.
children and parents enjoyed a morning of fun and games, had lunch with us, and received groceries to bring home.
sustainability report collectively, singfinance covered an impressive 12,300 kilometers equivalent to 236.5 million steps and contributed 113,749 bowls of rice and oatmeal to the needy communities.
this program is also an opportunity to promote social integration among our staff members, both local and foreign, and with the different ethnic groups in the communities.
walk for rice + 12,300 kilometer distance achieved for good cause care to make a difference other contributions in 2023, we also made donations to the pap community foundation, ren ci hospital, the lee kuan yew centennial fund and other local associations to support their worthy causes.
2024 targets giving back to the community sustainable giving back and community services with strong staff support and participation + further details on "walk for rice" could not be extracted from the image.
sustainability pillar - upholding values material factor - corporate governance sustainability pillar: upholding values, material factor: corporate governance table end.
why is this material corporate governance protects the interests of all stakeholders of the group and enhances long-term shareholder value.
having effective corporate governance is also essential for us to safeguard our resources and to build and retain the trust of our stakeholders.
awards & accolades we are committed to upholding the highest standards of governance, integrity and ethics in conducting our business.
in 2023, we took pride in maintaining 11th place among 474 companies surveyed for the singapore governance and transparency index, a leading index for assessing corporate governance practices for singapore listed companies.
additionally, we were honored with the special commendation for smallcap companies.
for 10 consecutive years, we have consistently ranked among the top 5% of listed companies surveyed for this index.
singapore governance & transparency index 2023 rank: 11th, description: among 474 singapore listed companies rank: top 5%, description: for 10 consecutive years table end.
in addition, singfinance received the gold award for the best managed board and the best risk management , and the bronze award for the best annual report under the less than $300 million market capitalisation category at the singapore corporate awards “sca” . the sca recognises exemplary corporate governance practices among singapore listed companies.
these awards by sca are testament to singfinance’s unwavering commitment to upholding high standards of corporate governance, risk management and reporting transparency.
singapore corporate awards 2023 gold awards: best managed board best risk management board bronze award: best annual report under $300 million market capitalisation singfinance sustainability report 2023 awards and recognition singfinance was honored with the edge centurion club awards for: overall sector winner banking & investment services, collective investments, fintech & infrastructure and insurance sector highest returns to shareholders over 3 years highest growth in profit after tax over 3 years these awards recognize the group's robust long-term financial performance.
other recognition and voluntary compliance programmes cyber essentials mark certification: singfinance achieved the cyber essentials mark certification, a cyber security certification by the cyber security agency of singapore csa , demonstrating its commitment to securing it systems and protecting customer interests.
. protection against online scams: singfinance has stepped up measures to combat online scams and cyber threats.
sgx fast track programme: singfinance has been under the sgx fast track programme since 2018, recognizing its high corporate governance standards and quality submission record.
gst-assisted compliance assurance programme acap : since 2014, singfinance has maintained premium status under iras's acap for businesses with robust gst controls.
2024 targets governance & transparency: continued excellence in corporate governance, investor communication, and reporting transparency.
sustainability report: risk culture why is this material a strong risk culture is vital to the success of the group's business.
control lapses, financial crimes and data breaches, if unchecked, can result in financial losses and reputational damage to the group and singapore's financial system.
hence, we need to stay vigilant in mitigating such risks and in safeguarding the trust of our stakeholders.
principles underlying our risk culture having a strong risk culture is about nurturing the right mindsets and behavioural norms among our employees.
the underlying principles of our risk culture are as follows: tone from the top: our board and senior management lead by example by setting the right tone in committing to a strong risk culture within the company.
respecting voices of control functions: respecting control functions is key to enhance effectiveness and efficiency of risk management.
it helps to identify and address potential sources of risk culture failure, such as silo mentality.
encouraging escalation: our escalation protocol requires mandatory reporting of significant incidents which alerts management to risk and other control issues and ensures remedial actions are promptly taken.
code of conduct & ethics policies our staff members must adhere to singfinance's code of conduct, human resource "hr" personnel manual and the finance houses association of singapore's code of conduct.
in addition to setting the expected standards of behaviour for our employees, these codes and manual affirm our company's zero-tolerance position on the following: bribery and corruption money laundering and terrorist financing abuse of position and conflicts of interests our employees provide annual attestation that they have read and understood singfinance's hr personnel manual and the finance houses association of singapore's code of conduct.
they are also regularly reminded to observe the code of conduct in dealing with our customers and business partners.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images other than the header and footer.
sustainability report combat against bribery, corruption and financial crimes singfinance has implemented policies and procedures to ensure employee compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and professional standards related to corruption, bribery, money laundering, and other financial crimes.
a whistle-blowing policy allows employees and the public to raise concerns confidentially without fear of reprisal.
singfinance ensures the confidentiality of whistleblowers and allows anonymous disclosures.
for more information, refer to principle 10, "audit committee," in the corporate governance statement for whistle blowing policy and complaints handling procedures.
the board of directors stays updated on key developments and knowledge regarding anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, and other governance matters.
the company actively raises awareness among employees and business partners about these matters, emphasizing their critical role in combating financial crimes.
efforts to increase awareness and communication include: annual mandatory training on anti-corruption, bribery, and anti-money laundering for all employees, with regular training for relevant employees.
public statements on the company's commitments, including: singfinance whistle-blowing policy singfinance anti-bribery and anti-corruption "abc" statement inclusion of specific abc provisions in the terms and conditions of product offerings.
the standard email footer used by all singfinance employees refers external parties to these publications.
in 2023, all eligible employees and directors 157 staff members and 6 directors completed the abc training course.
there were no cases of significant non-compliance with laws and regulations, incidents of misconduct by employees, or non-compliance related to marketing communications.
no substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy or data loss were reported during the year.
2024 targets target: control excellence , description: maintenance of high-quality internal controls target: transparency & accountability , description: disclosure on significant non-compliance with laws and regulations; incidents of employee misconduct target: training , description: adequate staff training to raise awareness of the importance of proper controls table end.
sustainability report: talent management why is this material in a tight labour market, being able to attract and retain talent is important to the company's continued success and sustainability.
upskilling in tandem with digital transformation is also critical in ensuring that we maximise each employee's potential and drive productivity.
our employees are our key assets and we endeavour to help them stay relevant and future-ready.
we are also responsible in providing all employees a safe and inclusive workplace that supports their overall wellbeing.
diversity & equal opportunities diversity and equal opportunities for all employees engenders a trusting and respectful working environment.
such an environment would also help to foster greater teamwork, creativity and innovation.
we practise merit-based hiring and offer equal opportunities to job seekers without discrimination.
our total headcount and workforce mix by various diversity measures have remained stable through the years, with all staff being employed in singapore.
notably, around 12% of our employees have been with the company for more than 20 years.
there is also a strong female representation in our management, with women making up more than 50% of the team in 2023 and 2022. there were no significant fluctuations in the number of employees in 2023. table: employee count by employment type 2021-2023 year: 2021 as at 31 dec 2021 , employment type: permanent, male: 47, female: 101, total: 148 employment type: temporary, male: 1, female: 6, total: 7 employment type: total , male: 48 , female: 107 , total: 155 year: 2022 as at 31 dec 2022 , employment type: permanent, male: 53, female: 107, total: 160 employment type: temporary, male: 0, female: 5, total: 5 employment type: total , male: 53 , female: 112 , total: 165 year: 2023 as at 31 dec 2023 , employment type: permanent, male: 55, female: 108, total: 163 employment type: temporary, male: 1, female: 5, total: 6 employment type: total , male: 56 , female: 113 , total: 169 table end.
4.2 employee gender diversity this chart shows the breakdown of male and female employees from 2021 to 2023. 4.3 employee age diversity this chart displays the age distribution of employees across different age groups from 2021 to 2023. 4.4 management by gender year: 2021, male: 45%, female: 55% year: 2022, male: 45%, female: 55% year: 2023, male: 45%, female: 55% table end.
note: management includes senior management and heads of department.
notes: 1. permanent employees work with singfinance until the termination of their employment, which include both full-time and part-time employees.
2. temporary employees are individuals hired for short periods of time, usually a year or less.
3. full-time employees work more than 35 hours of training per employee a week; part-time employees work less than that.
4. non-guaranteed hour employees and interns are not included in total headcount as they are immaterial representation of the group's human resources.
accordingly, no disclosure is made on this.
5. there were no workers who are not singfinance employees involved in the company's operations.
6. in 2023, there was only one permanent part-time female employee.
there were no other part-time employees in 2023, 2022 and 2021. 4.5 new hire by gender table: new hire by gender 2021-2023 year: 2021, male: 63%, female: 37%, total: 100% year: 2022, male: 42%, female: 58%, total: 100% year: 2023, male: 44%, female: 56%, total: 100% table end.
4.6 resignation by gender table: resignation by gender 2021-2023 year: 2021, male: 36%, female: 64%, total: 100% year: 2022, male: 40%, female: 60%, total: 100% year: 2023, male: 41%, female: 59%, total: 100% table end.
4.7 new hire by age table: new hire by age 2021-2023 year: 2021, age 30 & below : 30%, age 31-40 : 17%, age 41-50 : 20%, age 50 : 33%, total: 100% year: 2022, age 30 & below : 47%, age 31-40 : 18%, age 41-50 : 23%, age 50 : 12%, total: 100% year: 2023, age 30 & below : 45%, age 31-40 : 24%, age 41-50 : 18%, age 50 : 13%, total: 100% table end.
4.8 resignation by age table: resignation by age 2021-2023 year: 2021, age 30 & below : 41%, age 31-40 : 17%, age 41-50 : 21%, age 50 : 21%, total: 100% year: 2022, age 30 & below : 36%, age 31-40 : 30%, age 41-50 : 19%, age 50 : 15%, total: 100% year: 2023, age 30 & below : 34%, age 31-40 : 24%, age 41-50 : 15%, age 50 : 27%, total: 100% table end.
notes: 1. none of our staff is eligible for collective bargaining agreements.
2. employee data is collected from our hr system and compiled based on the number of employees at the end of the reporting period, not on a full-time equivalent basis.
annual total compensation ratio we are committed to compensating our employees with fair, appropriate and competitive remuneration in the form of salaries and other benefits.
with a relatively small total headcount, which is distributed across a broad range of roles, the compensation of mean employee may change significantly over time.
the annual total compensation is not disclosed as the data is not meaningful and therefore not applicable for the understanding of singfinance's pay structure.
however, the remunerations of our directors both executive and non-executive are disclosed in our annual report.
learning and development with evolving landscape, challenging environment and changing demands of financial products and services, employee training and development remain central to the company's people strategy.
in 2023, we exceeded the target of 15 hours of training per employee of training per staff on average.
table 5 - average hours of training by gender year: 2021, male: 19, female: 13, all staff: 15 year: 2022, male: 18, female: 17, all staff: 17 year: 2023, male: 17, female: 21, all staff: 20 table end.
table 6 - average hours of training by employee category year: 2021, am & below: 11, avp to evp: 23, md and dmd: 16 year: 2022, am & below: 16, avp to evp: 18, md and dmd: 24 year: 2023, am & below: 20, avp to evp: 20, md and dmd: 15 table end.
note: am: assistant manager, avp: assistant vice president, evp: executive vice president, md: managing director and dmd: deputy managing director the company-wide performance appraisal exercise for all eligible staff is conducted annually.
appraisals are conducted in a transparent manner, where key performance indicators "kpi" are discussed and mutually agreed upon.
employee engagement we endeavour to engage our staff through regular updates on the company via our e-newsletters, staff surveys, orientation sessions, team level activities and company-wide events.
sustainability report the highlights of our staff engagement initiatives in 2023 are as follows: quarterly staff e-newsletter started in 2021, the quarterly e-newsletter helps our staff stay connected with the latest developments in the company and provides an important platform to share updates on various topics, including workplace safety and health, conduct risk, sustainability-related ideas, and cyber security.
notes: the image shows a two-page spread of the sif connect newsletter, highlighting various initiatives and achievements.
one page focuses on workplace safety and health, offering tips on stress management, healthy eating, and mindful practices.
the other page showcases employee achievements and awards, with a photo of an award recipient.
chinese new year dinner as part of our tradition, staff were treated to a sumptuous dinner to celebrate the festive season as a singfinance family.
team building we learnt to work together and recognize the talents and strengths of one another, through various well-thought-out activities in the team building event held in sentosa.
employee well-being the health and safety of our people is a key priority of singfinance.
all permanent full-time employees are eligible to participate in our in-house medi-care programme, which covers their medical and health-related expenses, including general and specialist consultation, dental, optical, traditional chinese medicine “tcm” and health screening.
our staff are insured under our workmen injury compensation, personal accident, group hospitalization and medical and term life policies managed by third party insurers, who are governed by strict policies of confidentiality.
in addition, responding to the feedback received from our employee pulse survey, we provide flexible work arrangements to help our staff achieve fulfillment at work and in life.
my best colleague a new initiative was implemented to promote peer affirmation and appreciation for one another where our staff vote for their ‘best colleague’ each quarter and we feature them in our staff e-newsletters.
each winner embodies qualities of professionalism, good work ethics, team spirit and kindness at work.
. staff went around the world during our annual dinner & dance to satisfy our wanderlust.
grouped by our choice of travel destination, everyone came together to prepare various performances and participated actively in the games throughout the night.
human rights singfinance promotes a work environment that is fair and respectful, and free from discrimination, bullying and harassment.
we support internationally accepted human rights principles, including those relating to non-discrimination, child labour and forced labour.
2024 targets area: equal opportunity, target: diversity in the workforce with a balanced mix of gender, age and other characteristics area: personal development, target: average training hours of training per employee per staff of 15 hours of training per employee annually area: well-being, target: sustained progress to harness technology to improve workplace safety and employee well-being area: feedback, target: annual employee pulse survey table end.
esg core metrics environment topic: greenhouse gas emissions "greenhouse gas" ¹ , sgx core metric: absolute emissions by:, metric: scope 1 greenhouse gas emission in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, 2023: 91.98, 2022: 11.64, 2021: 4.73 sgx core metric: a. scope 1 sgx core metric: b. scope 2, metric: scope 2 greenhouse gas emission in tco₂e, 2023: 433.91, 2022: 468.37, 2021: 444.54 sgx core metric: emission intensities by: a. scope 1 & 2, metric: scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emission per staff average headcount in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, 2023: 3.17, 2022: 3.00, 2021: 2.74 topic: energy consumption , sgx core metric: total energy consumption, metric: energy consumed in mwhs, 2023: 1,041, 2022: 1,124, 2021: 1,088 sgx core metric: energy consumption intensity, metric: energy consumed per staff average headcount in mwhs, 2023: 6.27, 2022: 7.02, 2021: 6.64 topic: water consumption , sgx core metric: total water consumption, metric: water in m³, 2023: 8,310, 2022: 6,369, 2021: 5,246 sgx core metric: water consumption intensity, metric: water consumed per staff average headcount in m³, 2023: 50.03, 2022: 39.81, 2021: 31.99 topic: waste recycled² , sgx core metric: total waste recycled, metric: waste recycled in ton², 2023: 1.25, 2022: 2.20, 2021: 1.99 table end.
social topic: gender diversity , sgx core metric: current employees by gender, metric: male in %, 2023: 33%, 2022: 32%, 2021: 31% metric: female in %, 2023: 67%, 2022: 68%, 2021: 69% sgx core metric: new hires and turnover by gender, metric: new hires - male %, 2023: 44%, 2022: 42%, 2021: 63% metric: new hires - female %, 2023: 56%, 2022: 58%, 2021: 37% metric: turnover - male %, 2023: 41%, 2022: 40%, 2021: 36% metric: turnover - female %, 2023: 59%, 2022: 60%, 2021: 64% topic: age-based diversity , sgx core metric: current employees by age groups, metric: 30 year-old & below, 2023: 25%, 2022: 26%, 2021: 24% metric: 31 - 40 year-old, 2023: 27%, 2022: 23%, 2021: 29% metric: 41 - 50 year-old, 2023: 23%, 2022: 25%, 2021: 24% metric: over 50 year-old, 2023: 25%, 2022: 26%, 2021: 23% sgx core metric: new hires and turnover by age groups, metric: new hires: 30 year-old & below, 2023: 45%, 2022: 47%, 2021: 30% metric: new hires: 31 - 40 year-old, 2023: 24%, 2022: 18%, 2021: 17% metric: new hires: 41 - 50 year-old, 2023: 18%, 2022: 23%, 2021: 20% metric: new hires: over 50 year-old, 2023: 13%, 2022: 12%, 2021: 33% metric: resignation: 30 year-old & below, 2023: 34%, 2022: 36%, 2021: 41% metric: resignation: 31 - 40 year-old, 2023: 24%, 2022: 30%, 2021: 17% metric: resignation: 41 - 50 year-old, 2023: 15%, 2022: 19%, 2021: 21% metric: resignation: over 50 year-old, 2023: 27%, 2022: 15%, 2021: 21% topic: employment , sgx core metric: total turnover, metric: turnover - number, 2023: 41, 2022: 47, 2021: 42 metric: turnover - %, 2023: 25%, 2022: 29%, 2021: 26% metric: total employees - number, 2023: 169, 2022: 165, 2021: 155 topic: development & training , sgx core metric: average training hours of training per employee per employee, metric: hours/no.
of employees, 2023: 20, 2022: 17, 2021: 15 sgx core metric: average training hours of training per employee per employee by gender, metric: hours/male employees, 2023: 17, 2022: 18, 2021: 19 metric: hours/female employees, 2023: 21, 2022: 17, 2021: 13 topic: occupational health & safety , sgx core metric: fatalities, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 sgx core metric: high-consequence injuries, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 sgx core metric: recordable injuries, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 sgx core metric: recordable work-related ill health cases, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 table end.
footnotes: 1. greenhouse gas emissions include scope 1 and scope 2 emissions.
2. waste recycled data refers to total waste recycled.
sustainability report: governance table: governance metrics 2021-2023 topic: board composition , sgx core metric: board independence, metric: independent director - %, 2023: 67%, 2022: 67%, 2021: 67% sgx core metric: women on the board, metric: female director - %, 2023: 17%, 2022: 17%, 2021: 17% topic: management diversity , sgx core metric: women in the management team, metric: women in the management team - %, 2023: 55%, 2022: 55%, 2021: 55% topic: ethical behaviour , sgx core metric: anti-corruption disclosures, metric: number of cases based on gri , 2023: 0 case, 2022: 0 case, 2021: 0 case sgx core metric: anti-corruption training for employees, metric: anti-corruption training: number of employees & %, 2023: 157 & 100%, 2022: 154 & 100%, 2021: 162 & 100% topic: certifications , sgx core metric: list of relevant certifications, metric: number of certificates & certificates, 2023: 1 - cyber essential, 2022: 1 - cyber essential, 2021: 0 topic: alignment with frameworks , sgx core metric: alignment with frameworks and disclosure practices, metric: frameworks and disclosure practices, 2023: gri 2021 tcfd, 2022: gri 2021, 2021: gri 2016 topic: assurance , sgx core metric: assurance of sustainability report, metric: internal/external/none, 2023: internal, 2022: internal, 2021: internal table end.
notes: note 1: the greenhouse gas emissions for electricity consumed by the group are revised with the latest average operating margin of the electricity grid emission factor for 2022 and 2021 of energy market authority of singapore at the date of the report.
the 2023 emission is based on 2022 factor as the 2023 data is not yet available.
as a result, the scope 2 greenhouse gas emission increased by 19.67 and 10.02 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent for 2022 and 2021 respectively.
note 2: only recycled waste is disclosed as opposed to total waste proposed by sgx.
note 3: data for 2022 and 2021 was restated to report the number of employees participated in the training in replacement for the number of courses reported previously.
gri content index statement of use singfinance has reported in accordance with the gri standards for the period 1 jan to 31 dec 2023 gri 1 used gri 1: foundation 2021 not applicable applicable gri sector standard s gri 2: general disclosures 2021 gri reference: 2-1, disclosure requirements: organizational details, reference and response: "about us" and "corporate information" of annual report gri reference: 2-2, disclosure requirements: entities included in the organisation's sustainability reporting, reference and response: "about this report" gri reference: 2-3, disclosure requirements: reporting period, frequency and contact points, reference and response: this report covers the period 1 january to 31 december 2023 and is aligned to the reporting period of the financial reporting.
annual reporting gri reference: 2-4, disclosure requirements: restatements of information, reference and response: the report was published on 27 march 2024. investor relations@singfinance.com.sg restatements of information, where applicable, the reasons for and the effects of the restatements are noted within the relevant data sets.
gri reference: 2-5, disclosure requirements: external assurance, reference and response: "sustainability governance” gri reference: 2-6, disclosure requirements: activities, value chain and other business relationships, reference and response: "about us" of annual report and "sustainable sourcing" no significant changes in the nature of the group's value chain and business relationship compared to the prior year.
gri reference: 2-7, disclosure requirements: employees, reference and response: "talent management” gri reference: 2-8, disclosure requirements: workers who are not employees, reference and response: “talent management” gri reference: 2-9, disclosure requirements: governance structure and composition, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report and "sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-10, disclosure requirements: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report and “sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-11, disclosure requirements: chair of the highest governance body, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report and “sustainability governance" table end.
gri 2: general disclosures 2021 gri reference: 2-12, disclosure requirements: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "stakeholder engagement" gri reference: 2-13, disclosure requirements: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, reference and response: "sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-14, disclosure requirements: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, reference and response: "sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-15, disclosure requirements: conflicts of interest, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" and "additional information on directors seeking re-election" of annual report gri reference: 2-16, disclosure requirements: communication of critical concerns, reference and response: no critical concerns were escalated to board of directors and risk management committee during the year 2023. gri reference: 2-17, disclosure requirements: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, reference and response: all directors of singfinance undergo training on sustainability matters as prescribed by sgx in chapter 7 continuing obligations of its mainboard rules.
gri reference: 2-18, disclosure requirements: evaluation of the highest governance body, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" and "board of directors" of annual report gri reference: 2-19, disclosure requirements: remuneration policies, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report gri reference: 2-20, disclosure requirements: process to determine remuneration, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report gri reference: 2-21, disclosure requirements: annual total compensation ratio, reference and response: refer to the explanation in "talent management" for non-disclosure of the ratio.
gri reference: 2-22, disclosure requirements: statement on sustainability development strategy, reference and response: "board statement" gri reference: 2-23, disclosure requirements: policy commitments, reference and response: "materiality assessment" gri reference: 2-24, disclosure requirements: embedding policy commitments, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "our approach to sustainability" gri reference: 2-25, disclosure requirements: processes to remediate negative impacts, reference and response: "materiality assessment" gri reference: 2-26, disclosure requirements: mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, reference and response: "stakeholder engagement" and "risk culture" gri reference: 2-27, disclosure requirements: compliance with laws and regulations, reference and response: no cases of significant non-compliance with laws and regulations during the year 2023. gri 2: general disclosures 2021 gri reference: 2-28, disclosure requirements: membership associations, reference and response: our key memberships include: - hire purchase, finance and leasing association of singapore chairman - finance houses association of singapore honorary treasurer - singapore chinese chamber of commerce & industry - singapore business federation gri reference: 2-29, disclosure requirements: approach to stakeholder engagement, reference and response: "stakeholder engagement" gri reference: 2-30, disclosure requirements: collective bargaining agreements, reference and response: "talent management" table end.
gri 3: material topics 2021 gri reference: 3-1, disclosure requirements: process to determine material topics, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "materiality assessment" gri reference: 3-2, disclosure requirements: list of material topics, reference and response: "materiality assessment" gri reference: 3-3, disclosure requirements: management of material topics, reference and response: 8 "material factors" under 3 "sustainability pillars" table end.
gri 201: economic performance 2016 gri reference: 201-1, disclosure requirements: direct economic value generated and distributed, reference and response: "economic value" & "service digitisation" table end.
gri 203: indirect economic impact 2016 gri reference: 203-2, disclosure requirements: significant indirect economic impacts, reference and response: “community contribution” & “service digitisation" table end.
gri 205: anti-corruption 2016 gri reference: 205-2, disclosure requirements: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, reference and response: "risk culture" gri reference: 205-3, disclosure requirements: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, reference and response: "risk culture" no confirmed incidents of corruption and actions were noted or taken during the year 2023. gri 302: energy 2016 gri reference: 302-1, disclosure requirements: energy consumption within the organization, reference and response: “environmental footprint" table end.
gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018 gri reference: 403-6, disclosure requirements: promotion of worker health, reference and response: "talent management" table end.
gri 404: training and education 2016 gri reference: 404-1, disclosure requirements: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, reference and response: "talent management" gri reference: 404-3, disclosure requirements: percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, reference and response: 100% of eligible employees received regular performance and career development reviews in 2023 table end.
gri 413: local community 2016 gri reference: 413-1, disclosure requirements: operations with local community engagement, impact assessment, and development programmes, reference and response: "community contribution" and "stakeholder engagement" table end.
gri 417: marketing and labeling 2016 gri reference: 417-3, disclosure requirements: incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications, reference and response: "risk culture" table end.
gri 418: customer privacy 2016 gri reference: 418-1, disclosure requirements: substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data, reference and response: "risk culture" table end.
tcfd content index table: tcfd recommended disclosures and references pillars: governance , recommended disclosures: a. describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: governance , recommended disclosures: b. describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: strategy , recommended disclosures: a. describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: strategy , recommended disclosures: b. describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy, and financial planning, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: strategy , recommended disclosures: c. describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario, reference and response: "board statement" and "sustainability pillar - valuing environment" pillars: risk management , recommended disclosures: a. describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: risk management , recommended disclosures: b. describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related risks, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: risk management , recommended disclosures: c. describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: metrics & targets , recommended disclosures: a. describe the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management processes, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: metrics & targets , recommended disclosures: b. describe scope 1, scope 2 and if appropriate scope 3 greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emissions, and the related risks, reference and response: "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: metrics & targets , recommended disclosures: c. describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and perform against targets, reference and response: "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" table end.
1. performance review selected income statement items item: net interest income, 2023 $'000 : 54,896, 2022 $'000 : 60,833, variance +/ - % : 10 item: non-interest income, 2023 $'000 : 6,096, 2022 $'000 : 4,732, variance +/ - % : 29 item: total income, 2023 $'000 : 60,992, 2022 $'000 : 65,565, variance +/ - % : 7 item: operating expenses, 2023 $'000 : 28,679 , 2022 $'000 : 27,990 , variance +/ - % : 2 item: profit from operations before allowances, 2023 $'000 : 32,313, 2022 $'000 : 37,575, variance +/ - % : 14 item: bad debts recovered / write back of credit losses, 2023 $'000 : 7,500, 2022 $'000 : 6,495, variance +/ - % : 15 item: profit before income tax, 2023 $'000 : 39,813, 2022 $'000 : 44,070, variance +/ - % : 10 item: profit after tax attributable to equity holders of the company, 2023 $'000 : 33,210, 2022 $'000 : 37,203, variance +/ - % : 11 table end.
selected balance sheet items item: total equity, 2023 $'000 : 436,455, 2022 $'000 : 414,819, variance % : 5 item: total assets, 2023 $'000 : 3,412,383, 2022 $'000 : 3,109,956, variance % : 10 item: loans and advances, 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641, variance % : 2 item: deposits and balances of customers, 2023 $'000 : 2,906,162, 2022 $'000 : 2,601,466, variance % : 12 table end.
key financial ratios % ratio: net interest margin, 2023: 1.68, 2022: 2.19 ratio: non-interest income-to-total income, 2023: 10.0, 2022: 7.2 ratio: cost-to-income ratio, 2023: 47.0, 2022: 42.7 ratio: loans-to-deposits ratio, 2023: 84.3, 2022: 92.5 ratio: non-performing loans ratio, 2023: 0.4, 2022: 1.1 ratio: return on equity 1 , 2023: 7.6, 2022: 9.0 ratio: return on total assets 1 , 2023: 1.0, 2022: 1.2 ratio: capital adequacy ratio, 2023: 14.6, 2022: 15.6 table end.
per ordinary share item: basic earnings per share singapore cents , 2023: 14.05, 2022: 15.73 restated item: net asset value per share $ , 2023: 1.85, 2022: 1.75 table end.
earnings for the year for the financial year ended 31 december 2023, the group reported a net profit after tax of $33.2 million, marking a decline of $4.0 million or 11% from the previous year.
this decrease was primarily due to lower net interest margin, the impact of which was partially offset by higher loan volume.
total income fell to $61.0 million, a reduction of $4.6 million or 7%, compared to the prior year.
operating expenses saw a marginal increase of $0.7 million or 2%, year over year.
the group recorded net write-back from credit losses and loan recoveries amounting to $7.5 million in 2023, compared with write-back of $6.5 million in the preceding year.
footnotes: 1 return on equity and return on total assets are computed based on shareholders’ equity and total assets at balance sheet date.
2 earnings and net asset value per share have been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue on 19 may 2023. refer to note 18 share capital for details.
performance review net interest income nii decreased by $5.9 million or 10% to $54.9 million compared to $60.8 million in 2022. the decline was primarily due to the cost of deposits increasing more rapidly than loan yields.
as a result, net interest margin nim narrowed to 1.68% from 2.19% in the previous year.
non-interest income rose by $1.4 million or 29%, largely driven by increases in fees and commissions and rental income from investment properties.
the growth in non-interest income was unable to offset the decline in nii resulting in total income falling by $4.6 million or 7% to $61.0 million.
through effective cost control measures, operating expenses were maintained at $28.7 million, registering a marginal increase of 2% year-on-year, despite the continuing inflationary pressures in 2023. the increase was primarily due to higher staff remuneration, reflective of the tight labour market conditions.
consequently, cost-to-income ratio rose by 4.3% to 47.0%. following successful loan recoveries and upgrading of classified loans due to improved credit risks, the group was able to write back $7.5 million of bad debts and credit losses.
asset quality remained resilient with the non-performing loan ratio improving from 1.1% to 0.4%. the group continued to maintain adequate loss allowances for its loan portfolio and other assets.
loans and deposits in 2023, business momentum continued to be strong, with total loans and advances reaching a new peak of $2.45 billion as of 31 december 2023. customer deposits increased by $305 million or 12%, to $2.9 billion at year-end.
correspondingly, loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 84.3% at the close of 2023, compared to 92.5% the previous year.
the group's liquidity position improved with the lower loan-to-deposit ratio and the excess funds were allocated to interest-yielding short-term assets.
shareholders' equity and dividends our strong earnings and a net surplus in other comprehensive income contributed to a 5% increase in total shareholders' funds, reaching $436.5 million at the end of 2023. notably, the bond portfolio, primarily consisting of singapore government securities sgs , held to meet regulatory liquidity requirements, appreciated in value by $5.3 million.
this marks a significant turnaround from the $19.1 million depreciation in the previous year.
total assets increased by $302.4 million or 10% to $3.4 billion at the end of 2023 primarily due to the growth in loans and advances, cash and deposits with banks and monetary authority of singapore, and sgs.
return on equity declined from 9.0% to 7.6%, reflecting lower earnings compared to the previous year.
meanwhile, net asset value per share increased to $1.85 on 31 december 2023, compared to $1.75 a year ago.
the group's capital adequacy ratio remained healthy at 14.6%, 2.6% points above the minimum regulatory requirement and 1.0% point lower than 2022, as capital was deployed to support loan growth.
our strong capital position will enable the group to tap on opportunities to grow its business in the future.
the board of directors is pleased to recommend a first and final dividend of 6.0 singapore cents per share one-tier tax exempt in respect of the financial year 2023 for approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no footnotes or additional notes.
2. net interest income interest-earning assets & interest-bearing liabilities table: interest earning assets and liabilities 2022-2023 category: interest-earning assets category: loans and advances, 2023 average balance $'000 : 2,403,196, 2023 interest $'000 : 116,795, 2023 average rate % : 4.9, 2022 average balance $'000 : 2,234,763, 2022 interest $'000 : 72,180, 2022 average rate % : 3.2 category: singapore government securities, 2023 average balance $'000 : 459,973, 2023 interest $'000 : 14,090, 2023 average rate % : 3.1, 2022 average balance $'000 : 330,525, 2022 interest $'000 : 7,250, 2022 average rate % : 2.2 category: other interest-earning assets, 2023 average balance $'000 : 398,320, 2023 interest $'000 : 14,891, 2023 average rate % : 3.7, 2022 average balance $'000 : 210,234, 2022 interest $'000 : 2,798, 2022 average rate % : 1.3 category: total , 2023 average balance $'000 : 3,261,489 , 2023 interest $'000 : 145,776 , 2023 average rate % : 4.5 , 2022 average balance $'000 : 2,775,522 , 2022 interest $'000 : 82,228 , 2022 average rate % : 3.0 category: interest-bearing liabilities category: deposits and balances of customers, 2023 average balance $'000 : 2,875,741, 2023 interest $'000 : 90,606, 2023 average rate % : 3.2, 2022 average balance $'000 : 2,268,997, 2022 interest $'000 : 21,099, 2022 average rate % : 0.9 category: enterprise singapore loans unsecured 1 , 2023 average balance $'000 : 1,806, 2023 interest $'000 : 249, 2023 average rate % : 13.8, 2022 average balance $'000 : 1,399, 2022 interest $'000 : 116, 2022 average rate % : 8.3 category: mas funding loans, 2023 average balance $'000 : 17,400, 2023 interest $'000 : 17, 2023 average rate % : 0.1, 2022 average balance $'000 : 145,135, 2022 interest $'000 : 145, 2022 average rate % : 0.1 category: other liabilities, 2023 average balance $'000 : 116, 2023 interest $'000 : 8, 2023 average rate % : 6.9, 2022 average balance $'000 : 1,140, 2022 interest $'000 : 35, 2022 average rate % : 3.1 category: total , 2023 average balance $'000 : 2,895,063 , 2023 interest $'000 : 90,880 , 2023 average rate % : 3.1 , 2022 average balance $'000 : 2,416,671 , 2022 interest $'000 : 21,395 , 2022 average rate % : 0.9 category: net interest income/margin as a percentage of interest-earning assets , 2023 interest $'000 : 54,896 , 2023 average rate % : 1.68 , 2022 interest $'000 : 60,833 , 2022 average rate % : 2.19 table end.
1 facility fees to enterprise singapore were included net interest income decreased by $5.9 million or 9.8% from a year ago to $54.9 million as the increase in cost of deposit outpaced the rise in loan yield.
net interest margin declined by 51 basis points to 1.68% in 2023. performance review volume and rate analysis the table below shows the changes in interest income and interest expenses in 2023 over 2022, attributable to changes in volume and rates.
the increase in the cost of deposit, primarily due to rising interest rates, surpassed the growth in interest income and resulted in a decline of $5.9 million in net interest income.
table: increase/ decrease for 2023 over 2022 : interest income : loans and advances, 2023 volume $'000 : 5,440, 2023 rate $'000 : 39,175, 2023 total $'000 : 44,615 : singapore govt securities, 2023 volume $'000 : 2,840, 2023 rate $'000 : 4,000, 2023 total $'000 : 6,840 : other assets, 2023 volume $'000 : 2,503, 2023 rate $'000 : 9,590, 2023 total $'000 : 12,093 : total , 2023 volume $'000 : 10,783, 2023 rate $'000 : 52,765, 2023 total $'000 : 63,548 : interest expense : deposits and balances of customers, 2023 volume $'000 : 5,637, 2023 rate $'000 : 63,837, 2023 total $'000 : 69,474 : enterprise singapore loans unsecured , 2023 volume $'000 : 34, 2023 rate $'000 : 99, 2023 total $'000 : 133 : mas funding loans, 2023 volume $'000 : 128 , 2023 rate $'000 : -, 2023 total $'000 : 128 : other liabilities, 2023 volume $'000 : 3, 2023 rate $'000 : 3, 2023 total $'000 : 6 : total , 2023 volume $'000 : 5,546, 2023 rate $'000 : 63,939, 2023 total $'000 : 69,485 : net interest income , 2023 volume $'000 : 5,237, 2023 rate $'000 : 11,174 , 2023 total $'000 : 5,937 table end.
3. non-interest income table: non-interest income 2023 vs 2022 : fees and commissions, 2023 $'000 : 2,086, 2022 $'000 : 1,648, variance +/- %: 27 : dividends, 2023 $'000 : 368, 2022 $'000 : 234, variance +/- %: 57 : rental income from investment properties, 2023 $'000 : 3,410, 2022 $'000 : 2,659, variance +/- %: 28 : others, 2023 $'000 : 232, 2022 $'000 : 191, variance +/- %: 21 : total , 2023 $'000 : 6,096, 2022 $'000 : 4,732, variance +/- %: 29 table end.
non-interest income increased by $1.4 million or 29% mainly attributable to higher fees and commissions and rental income from investment properties during the year.
4. operating expenses item: staff costs, 2023 $'000 : 20,055, 2022 $'000 : 18,634, variance +/ - %: 8 item: depreciation of property, plant & equipment, 2023 $'000 : 2,005, 2022 $'000 : 2,022, variance +/ - %: 1 item: depreciation of investment properties, 2023 $'000 : 377, 2022 $'000 : 378, variance +/ - %: 0 item: depreciation of right of use assets, 2023 $'000 : 30, 2022 $'000 : 24, variance +/ - %: 25 item: other expenses, 2023 $'000 : 6,212, 2022 $'000 : 6,932, variance +/ - %: 10 item: total operating expenses , 2023 $'000 : 28,679 , 2022 $'000 : 27,990 , variance +/ - %: 2 table end.
in 2023, operating expenses experienced a marginal increase of $0.7 million or 2%, despite continuing inflationary pressures.
higher operating expenses were mainly due to the rise in staff remuneration in a tight labour market.
cost-to-income ratio increased to 47.0% from 42.7% in the previous year.
5. write back of credit losses item: bad debts recovered, 2023 $'000 : 446, 2022 $'000 : 5,787, variance +/ - %: 92 item: write back of impaired loans, 2023 $'000 : 7,054, 2022 $'000 : 708, variance +/ - %: nm item: total write back of loan losses and bad debts , 2023 $'000 : 7,500 , 2022 $'000 : 6,495 , variance +/ - %: 15 table end.
nm: not meaningful write back of credit losses and bad debts in 2023 amounted to $7.5 million compared with $6.5 million the previous year.
the write back in 2023 was mainly due to the upgrading of classified loans and loan recoveries.
the group continued to maintain adequate credit loss allowance on its credit exposures.
5 years financial summary total income year: 2023, total income '000 : 60,992 year: 2022, total income '000 : 65,565 year: 2021, total income '000 : 64,969 year: 2020, total income '000 : 55,053 year: 2019, total income '000 : 50,464 table end.
profit year: 2023, profit before tax '000 : 39,813, profit after tax '000 : 33,210 year: 2022, profit before tax '000 : 44,070, profit after tax '000 : 37,203 year: 2021, profit before tax '000 : 37,319, profit after tax '000 : 31,433 year: 2020, profit before tax '000 : 23,242, profit after tax '000 : 19,602 year: 2019, profit before tax '000 : 22,119, profit after tax '000 : 20,018 table end.
share capital year: 2023, issued and fully paid: 180,008 year: 2022, issued and fully paid: 180,008 year: 2021, issued and fully paid: 180,008 year: 2020, issued and fully paid: 180,008 year: 2019, issued and fully paid: 180,008 table end.
capital employed year: 2023, total assets '000 : 3,412,383, net assets '000 : 436,455 year: 2022, total assets '000 : 3,109,956, net assets '000 : 414,819 year: 2021, total assets '000 : 2,920,103, net assets '000 : 405,765 year: 2020, total assets '000 : 2,850,450, net assets '000 : 387,464 year: 2019, total assets '000 : 2,915,796, net assets '000 : 372,981 table end.
volume of business year: 2023, loans '000 : 2,450,789, deposits '000 : 2,906,162 year: 2022, loans '000 : 2,405,641, deposits '000 : 2,601,466 year: 2021, loans '000 : 2,140,813, deposits '000 : 2,293,465 year: 2020, loans '000 : 2,077,683, deposits '000 : 2,278,708 year: 2019, loans '000 : 2,186,617, deposits '000 : 2,497,637 table end.
dividend and earnings per share year: 2023, dividend net - one-tier tax exempt '000 : 14,186, dividend per share singapore cents - restated: 6.00, earnings per share singapore cents - restated: 14.05 year: 2022, dividend net - one-tier tax exempt '000 : 15,763, dividend per share singapore cents - restated: 6.67, earnings per share singapore cents - restated: 15.73 year: 2021, dividend net - one-tier tax exempt '000 : 12,610, dividend per share singapore cents - restated: 5.33, earnings per share singapore cents - restated: 13.29 year: 2020, dividend net - one-tier tax exempt '000 : 5,675, dividend per share singapore cents - restated: 2.40, earnings per share singapore cents - restated: 8.29 year: 2019, dividend net - one-tier tax exempt '000 : 9,458, dividend per share singapore cents - restated: 4.00, earnings per share singapore cents - restated: 8.47 table end.
return after tax year: 2023, return after tax on total assets % : 0.97, return after tax on net assets % : 7.61 year: 2022, return after tax on total assets % : 1.20, return after tax on net assets % : 8.97 year: 2021, return after tax on total assets % : 1.08, return after tax on net assets % : 7.75 year: 2020, return after tax on total assets % : 0.69, return after tax on net assets % : 5.06 year: 2019, return after tax on total assets % : 0.69, return after tax on net assets % : 5.37 table end.
net tangible asset per share year: 2023, net tangible asset per share $ - restated: 1.85 year: 2022, net tangible asset per share $ - restated: 1.75 year: 2021, net tangible asset per share $ - restated: 1.72 year: 2020, net tangible asset per share $ - restated: 1.64 year: 2019, net tangible asset per share $ - restated: 1.58 table end.
number of employees year: 2023, number of employees: 169 year: 2022, number of employees: 165 year: 2021, number of employees: 155 year: 2020, number of employees: 167 year: 2019, number of employees: 181 table end.
1 dividend, earnings and net tangible asset per share have been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue on 19 may 2023. refer to note 18 share capital for details.
5 years financial summary profit $'000 year: 2023, profit after tax: 33,210, profit before tax: 39,813 year: 2022, profit after tax: 37,203, profit before tax: 44,070 year: 2021, profit after tax: 31,433, profit before tax: 37,319 year: 2020, profit after tax: 19,602, profit before tax: 23,242 year: 2019, profit after tax: 20,018, profit before tax: 22,119 table end.
capital employed $'000 year: 2023, net assets: 436,455, total assets: 3,412,383 year: 2022, net assets: 414,819, total assets: 3,109,956 year: 2021, net assets: 405,765, total assets: 2,920,103 year: 2020, net assets: 387,464, total assets: 2,850,450 year: 2019, net assets: 372,981, total assets: 2,915,796 table end.
volume of business $'000 year: 2023, deposits: 2,906,162, loans: 2,450,789 year: 2022, deposits: 2,601,466, loans: 2,405,641 year: 2021, deposits: 2,293,465, loans: 2,140,813 year: 2020, deposits: 2,278,708, loans: 2,077,683 year: 2019, deposits: 2,497,637, loans: 2,186,617 table end.
dividend and earnings per share cents year: 2023, dividend per share singapore cents : 6.00, earnings per share singapore cents : 14.05 year: 2022, dividend per share singapore cents : 6.67, earnings per share singapore cents : 15.73 year: 2021, dividend per share singapore cents : 5.33, earnings per share singapore cents : 13.29 year: 2020, dividend per share singapore cents : 2.40, earnings per share singapore cents : 8.29 year: 2019, dividend per share singapore cents : 4.00, earnings per share singapore cents : 8.47 table end.
financial reports 88 directors' statement 92 independent auditor's report 98 statements of financial position 99 consolidated statement of profit or loss 100 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 101 statements of changes in equity 105 consolidated statement of cash flows 106 notes to financial statements directors' statement the directors present their statement together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the group and statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company for the financial year ended 31 december 2023. in the opinion of the directors, the consolidated financial statements of the group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company as set out on pages 98 to 180 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the group and of the company as at 31 december 2023, and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the group and changes in equity of the company for the financial year then ended and at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts when they fall due.
1. directors the directors of the company in office at the date of this statement are: mr. michael lau hwai keong mr. lee sze leong mr. lee sze siong mr. joseph toh kian leong ms. quan wai yee mr. kuah boon wee appointed on 27 april 2023 2. arrangements to enable directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares and debentures neither at the end of the financial year nor at any time during the financial year did there subsist any arrangement whose object is to enable the directors of the company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures in the company or any other body corporate.
3. directors' interests in shares and debentures the directors of the company holding office at the end of the financial year had no interests in the share capital and debentures of the company and related corporations as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the company under section 164 of the companies act 1967 the "act" except as follows: table: directors' shareholdings the shareholdings in the name of the directors and in which the directors are deemed to have an interest at the end of the year included the new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue on 19 may 2023. by virtue of section 7 of the act, messrs lee sze leong and lee sze siong are deemed to have an interest in the subsidiary of the company at the beginning and at the end of the financial year.
there were no changes in any of the above-mentioned interests in the company between the end of the financial year and 23 february 2024. 4. share options a options to take up unissued shares during the financial year, no options to take up unissued shares of the company or its subsidiary were granted.
b options exercised during the financial year, there were no shares of the company or its subsidiary issued by virtue of the exercise of an option to take up unissued shares.
c unissued shares under option at the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of the company or its subsidiary under options.
directors' statement audit committee the members of the audit committee at the date of this statement are: mr. joseph toh kian leong chairman ms. quan wai yee mr. kuah boon wee appointed on 27 april 2023 all members are non-executive independent directors.
the audit committee performs the functions specified by section 201b of the act, the listing manual and the best practices guide of the singapore exchange, and the code of corporate governance.
the audit committee held 4 meetings during the financial year.
in performing its functions, the audit committee met with the company's executive directors, external and internal auditors to discuss the scope of their work, the results of their examination and evaluation of the company's internal accounting control system.
the audit committee reviewed the following: the audit plans and results of the internal auditors’ examination and evaluation of the group’s systems of internal accounting controls; the group’s financial and operating results and accounting policies; the audit plan of the external auditor; the financial statements of the company and the consolidated financial statements of the group before their submission to the directors of the company and external auditor’s report on those financial statements; the financial statements announcements as well as the related press releases on the results and financial position of the company and the group; the co-operation and assistance given by the management to the group’s external auditor; and the re-appointment of the external auditor of the group.
the audit committee has full access to and has the co-operation of the management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its function properly.
it has full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings.
the external and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the audit committee.
the audit committee has recommended to directors the nomination of deloitte & touche llp for re-appointment as external auditor of the group at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company.
directors' statement auditors the auditors, deloitte & touche llp, have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment.
on behalf of the board of directors mr. michael lau hwai keong chairman mr. lee sze leong director 23 february 2024 independent auditor's report to the members of sing investments & finance limited report on the audit of the financial statements opinion we have audited the financial statements of sing investments & finance limited the “company” and its subsidiary the “group” , which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the group and the statement of financial position of the company as at 31 december 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the group and the statement of changes in equity of the company for the year then ended and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information, as set out on pages 98 to 180. in our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the companies act 1967 the “act” and singapore financial reporting standards international "sfrs i s" so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the group and the financial position of the company as at 31 december 2023 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the group and of the changes in equity of the company for the year ended on that date.
basis for opinion we conducted our audit in accordance with singapore standards on auditing “ssas” . our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra” code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code” together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
independent auditor's report key audit matters key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current year.
these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
key audit matter: expected credit loss on non-credit impaired loans and advances refer to note 2 for the group's accounting policy on impairment of loans and advances, note 3 on critical judgments and estimation uncertainty and note 4 for the group's credit risk disclosures.
loans and advances constitute approximately 71.8% of the group's total assets.
sfrs i 9 financial instruments requires the group to recognize expected credit losses “ecl” on these loans and advances.
as at 31 december 2023, the expected credit losses on non-credit-impaired loans and advances was $3.58 million.
how our audit addressed the key audit matter our audit procedures included the following: we tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key controls over the determination of ecl, which included the following: accuracy of data inputs in the ecl model identification of significant increases in credit risk review and approval over post model adjustments by risk management committee.
we involved our internal credit modelling specialist to assist us in understanding and evaluating the appropriateness of the group’s ecl methodology against the requirements of sfrs i 9 financial instruments.
we tested the accuracy of key inputs into the ecl model by comparing against source systems and documents.
we assessed the basis and appropriateness of management’s post model adjustments.
for selected samples, we re-computed the ecl to test the mathematical accuracy of the ecl model.
the determination of ecl involves the use of significant judgment and estimates including: forward-looking macro-economic factors, criteria used to determine the significant increase in credit risk, probability of default, loss given default, and post-model adjustments to account for limitations in the ecl models.
given the significant judgments and high degree of estimation uncertainty involved in the determination of ecl arising from the matters described above, and the size of the loan and advances, we have identified the expected credit losses on non-credit-impaired loans and advances to be a matter of significance in the audit, and therefore a key audit matter.
key audit matters continued key audit matter loss allowances for stage 3 credit-impaired loans and advances refer to note 2 for the group's accounting policy on impairment of loans and advances, note 3 on critical judgements and estimation uncertainty and note 4 for the group's credit risk disclosures.
as at 31 december 2023, the loss allowances for impaired loans was $0.78 million.
the determination of stage 3 credit-impaired loans and advances and the resultant loss allowances involves the use of significant judgement and estimates including: identification of impairment indicators, classification of loan grading, and estimation of recoverable cash flows.
given the significant judgements and high degree of estimation uncertainty involved in determining the amount of impairment, we have identified the loss allowances for stage 3 credit impaired loans and advances to be a matter of significance in the audit, and therefore a key audit matter.
how our audit addressed the key audit matter our audit procedures include the following: we tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key controls over allowances for credit-impaired loans and advances, which includes the following: oversight of credit risk by risk management committee classification of loan grading and monitoring identification of impairment indicators existence and valuation of collaterals we tested selected loan files and credit reviews performed by the group to assess the appropriateness of the classification of loan grading and challenged management's evaluations and conclusions on the credit worthiness, and classification of the selected loans.
for selected credit-impaired loans, we evaluated management's estimation of recoverable cash flows, including amount and timing of repayments, recoverable values of collaterals and other sources of repayment.
independent auditor's report information other than the financial statements and auditor's report thereon management is responsible for the other information.
the other information comprises the corporate information, performance review, 5 years financial summary, directors' statement and board of directors, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, and the additional information, chairman's statement, corporate governance statement, sustainability report, and statistics of shareholdings, which are expected to be made available to us after that date.
our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
in connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
if, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
we have nothing to report in this regard.
when we read the chairman's statement, corporate governance statement, sustainability report, and statistics of shareholdings, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate actions in accordance with ssas.
responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the act and sfrs i s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.
in preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
the directors' responsibilities include overseeing the group's financial reporting process.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images requiring replacement with placeholders or footnotes to be added.
independent auditor's report auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.
reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ssas will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we also: a identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
b obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the group's internal control.
c evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
d conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the group's ability to continue as a going concern.
if we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report.
however, future events or conditions may cause the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
e evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
f obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
independent auditor's report auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements continued we communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
from the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
we describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
report on other legal and regulatory requirements in our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the act to be kept by the company and by the subsidiary corporation incorporated in singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the act.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is jeremy phua.
public accountants and chartered accountants singapore 23 february 2024 statements of financial position 31 december 2023 table: assets and liabilities item: assets item: cash and deposits with banks and monetary authority of singapore "mas" , group 2023 $'000 : 375,626, group 2022 $'000 : 243,061, company 2023 $'000 : 375,568, company 2022 $'000 : 242,984 item: statutory deposits with the mas singapore government, group 2023 $'000 : 75,030, group 2022 $'000 : 69,587, company 2023 $'000 : 75,030, company 2022 $'000 : 69,587 item: securities and mas bills, note: 7, group 2023 $'000 : 451,023, group 2022 $'000 : 335,017, company 2023 $'000 : 451,023, company 2022 $'000 : 335,017 item: investment in equity securities, note: 7, group 2023 $'000 : 5,845, group 2022 $'000 : 6,015, company 2023 $'000 : 5,601, company 2022 $'000 : 5,783 item: loans and advances, note: 8, group 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, group 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641, company 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, company 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641 item: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, note: 6, group 2023 $'000 : 10,724, group 2022 $'000 : 5,227, company 2023 $'000 : 10,724, company 2022 $'000 : 5,227 item: subsidiary, note: 11, group 2023 $'000 : -, group 2022 $'000 : -, company 2023 $'000 : 25, company 2022 $'000 : 25 item: property, plant and equipment, note: 9, group 2023 $'000 : 21,761, group 2022 $'000 : 22,722, company 2023 $'000 : 21,761, company 2022 $'000 : 22,722 item: investment properties, note: 10, group 2023 $'000 : 21,054, group 2022 $'000 : 21,431, company 2023 $'000 : 21,054, company 2022 $'000 : 21,431 item: deferred tax assets, note: 12, group 2023 $'000 : 531, group 2022 $'000 : 1,255, company 2023 $'000 : 562, company 2022 $'000 : 1,284 item: total assets , group 2023 $'000 : 3,412,383, group 2022 $'000 : 3,109,956, company 2023 $'000 : 3,412,137, company 2022 $'000 : 3,109,701 item: liabilities and equity item: deposits and balances of customers, note: 13, group 2023 $'000 : 2,906,162, group 2022 $'000 : 2,601,466, company 2023 $'000 : 2,906,946, company 2022 $'000 : 2,602,243 item: other liabilities, note: 14, group 2023 $'000 : 60,835, group 2022 $'000 : 29,501, company 2023 $'000 : 60,350, company 2022 $'000 : 28,999 item: borrowings from mas, note: 15, group 2023 $'000 : -, group 2022 $'000 : 55,484, company 2023 $'000 : -, company 2022 $'000 : 55,484 item: borrowings from enterprise singapore unsecured , note: 16, group 2023 $'000 : 1,977, group 2022 $'000 : 1,576, company 2023 $'000 : 1,977, company 2022 $'000 : 1,576 item: provision for employee benefits, note: 17, group 2023 $'000 : 176, group 2022 $'000 : 170, company 2023 $'000 : 176, company 2022 $'000 : 170 item: current tax payable, group 2023 $'000 : 6,778, group 2022 $'000 : 6,940, company 2023 $'000 : 6,778, company 2022 $'000 : 6,940 item: total liabilities , group 2023 $'000 : 2,975,928, group 2022 $'000 : 2,695,137, company 2023 $'000 : 2,976,227, company 2022 $'000 : 2,695,412 item: equity attributable to equity holders of the company item: share capital, note: 18, group 2023 $'000 : 180,008, group 2022 $'000 : 180,008, company 2023 $'000 : 180,008, company 2022 $'000 : 180,008 item: reserves, note: 19, group 2023 $'000 : 256,447, group 2022 $'000 : 234,811, company 2023 $'000 : 255,902, company 2022 $'000 : 234,281 item: total equity , group 2023 $'000 : 436,455, group 2022 $'000 : 414,819, company 2023 $'000 : 435,910, company 2022 $'000 : 414,289 item: total liabilities and equity , group 2023 $'000 : 3,412,383, group 2022 $'000 : 3,109,956, company 2023 $'000 : 3,412,137, company 2022 $'000 : 3,109,701 item: off-balance sheet items item: undrawn loan commitments, note: 26, group 2023 $'000 : 978,336, group 2022 $'000 : 770,180, company 2023 $'000 : 978,336, company 2022 $'000 : 770,180 item: guarantees issued, note: 27, group 2023 $'000 : 8,740, group 2022 $'000 : 8,740, company 2023 $'000 : 8,740, company 2022 $'000 : 8,740 item: total off-balance sheet items , group 2023 $'000 : 987,076, group 2022 $'000 : 778,920, company 2023 $'000 : 987,076, company 2022 $'000 : 778,920 table end.
there are no footnotes or annotations in the provided image.
consolidated statement of profit or loss year ended 31 december 2023 group item: revenue note: 22, item: interest income and hiring charges, 2023 $'000 : 145,776, 2022 $'000 : 82,228 note: 22, item: interest expense, 2023 $'000 : 90,880 , 2022 $'000 : 21,395 item: net interest income and hiring charges , 2023 $'000 : 54,896, 2022 $'000 : 60,833 note: 22, item: fees and commissions, 2023 $'000 : 2,086, 2022 $'000 : 1,648 note: 22, item: dividends, 2023 $'000 : 368, 2022 $'000 : 234 note: 22, item: rental income from investment properties, 2023 $'000 : 3,410, 2022 $'000 : 2,659 note: 22, item: other income, 2023 $'000 : 232, 2022 $'000 : 191 item: income before operating expenses , 2023 $'000 : 60,992, 2022 $'000 : 65,565 note: 22, item: staff costs, 2023 $'000 : 20,055 , 2022 $'000 : 18,634 note: 9, item: depreciation of property, plant & equip., 2023 $'000 : 2,005 , 2022 $'000 : 2,022 note: 10, item: depreciation of investment properties, 2023 $'000 : 377 , 2022 $'000 : 378 note: 6, item: depreciation of right of use assets, 2023 $'000 : 30 , 2022 $'000 : 24 note: 22, item: other operating expenses, 2023 $'000 : 6,212 , 2022 $'000 : 6,932 item: total operating expenses , 2023 $'000 : 28,679 , 2022 $'000 : 27,990 item: profit from operations before allowances , 2023 $'000 : 32,313, 2022 $'000 : 37,575 item: bad debts recovered/allowances for credit losses on loans and other assets, 2023 $'000 : 7,500, 2022 $'000 : 6,495 item: profit before income tax , 2023 $'000 : 39,813, 2022 $'000 : 44,070 note: 23, item: income tax expense, 2023 $'000 : 6,603 , 2022 $'000 : 6,867 item: profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the company , 2023 $'000 : 33,210, 2022 $'000 : 37,203 note: 24, item: earnings per share singapore cents , 2023 $'000 : 14.05, 2022 $'000 : 15.73 table end.
notes: the earnings per share for the financial year 2022 has been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue on 19 may 2023. see accompanying notes to financial statements.
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income year ended 31 december 2023 item: profit for the year , 2023 $'000 : 33,210, 2022 $'000 : 37,203 item: other comprehensive income item: items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss item: net change in fair value of equity investments at fvoci, 2023 $'000 : 222 , 2022 $'000 : 345 item: income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, 2023 $'000 : 38, 2022 $'000 : 59 item: subtotal , 2023 $'000 : 184 , 2022 $'000 : 286 item: items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss item: net change in fair value of debt investments at fvoci, 2023 $'000 : 5,270, 2022 $'000 : 19,067 item: income tax relating to items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, 2023 $'000 : 896 , 2022 $'000 : 3,242 item: subtotal , 2023 $'000 : 4,374, 2022 $'000 : 15,825 item: other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax , 2023 $'000 : 4,190, 2022 $'000 : 15,539 item: total comprehensive income for the year , 2023 $'000 : 37,400, 2022 $'000 : 21,664 table end.
notes: see accompanying notes to financial statements.
statements of changes in equity year ended 31 december 2023 table: statements of changes in equity note: balance at 1 january 2023, share capital $'000 : 180,008, statutory reserve $'000 : 138,023, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 14,710, fair value reserve $'000 : 9,372 , accumulated profits $'000 : 91,450, total $'000 : 414,819 note: total comprehensive income for the year: note: profit for the year, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : 4,190, accumulated profits $'000 : 33,210, total $'000 : 37,400 note: other comprehensive income for the year - net, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : -, total $'000 : - note: transfer to regulatory loss allowance reserve, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 395, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 395 , total $'000 : - note: transfer from accumulated profits to statutory reserve, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : 8,301, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 8,301 , total $'000 : - note: transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity:, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : -, total $'000 : - note: final one-tier tax exempt dividend paid for financial year 2022 of 6.7 singapore cents restated per share, share capital $'000 : 25, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 15,764 , total $'000 : 15,764 note: balance at 31 december 2023, share capital $'000 : 180,008, statutory reserve $'000 : 146,324, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 15,105, fair value reserve $'000 : 5,182 , accumulated profits $'000 : 100,200, total $'000 : 436,455 table end.
the dividend per share for the financial year 2022 has been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue announced on 24 february 2023 and issued on 19 may 2023. statements of changes in equity year ended 31 december 2023 group continued note: balance at 1 january 2022, share capital $'000 : 180,008, statutory reserve $'000 : 128,723, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 11,716, fair value reserve $'000 : 6,167, accumulated profits $'000 : 79,151, total $'000 : 405,765 note: profit for the year, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 37,203, total $'000 : 37,203 note: other comprehensive income for the year - net, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : -, total $'000 : - note: total, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 37,203, total $'000 : 37,203 note: transfer to regulatory loss allowance reserve, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 15,539 , fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : -, total $'000 : 15,539 note: transfer from accumulated profits to statutory reserve, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : 9,300, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 9,300 , total $'000 : - note: transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 2,994, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 2,994 , total $'000 : - note: final one-tier tax exempt dividend paid for financial year 2021 of 5.3 singapore cents restated per share, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 12,610 , total $'000 : 12,610 note: balance at 31 december 2022, share capital $'000 : 180,008, statutory reserve $'000 : 138,023, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 14,710, fair value reserve $'000 : 6,167, accumulated profits $'000 : 91,450, total $'000 : 414,819 table end.
the dividend per share for the financial year 2021 has been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue announced on 24 february 2023 and issued on 19 may 2023. see accompanying notes to financial statements.
statements of changes in equity year ended 31 december 2023 table: statements of changes in equity share capital $'000 : 180,008, statutory reserve $'000 : 138,023, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 14,710, fair value reserve $'000 : 9,515 , accumulated profits $'000 : 91,063, total $'000 : 414,289 share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 33,207, total $'000 : 33,207 share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : 4,178, accumulated profits $'000 : -, total $'000 : 4,178 share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 395, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 395 , total $'000 : - share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : 8,301, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 8,301 , total $'000 : - note: 25, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 15,764 , total $'000 : 15,764 share capital $'000 : 180,008 , statutory reserve $'000 : 146,324 , regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 15,105 , fair value reserve $'000 : 5,337 , accumulated profits $'000 : 99,810 , total $'000 : 435,910 table end.
the dividend per share for the financial year 2022 has been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue announced on 24 february 2023 and issued on 19 may 2023. statements of changes in equity year ended 31 december 2023 company continued share capital $'000 : 180,008, statutory reserve $'000 : 128,723, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 11,716, fair value reserve $'000 : 5,996, accumulated profits $'000 : 78,766, total $'000 : 405,209 share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 37,201, total $'000 : 37,201 share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 15,511 , total $'000 : 15,511 share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 2,994, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 2,994 , total $'000 : - share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : 9,300, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 9,300 , total $'000 : - note: 25, share capital $'000 : -, statutory reserve $'000 : -, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : -, fair value reserve $'000 : -, accumulated profits $'000 : 12,610 , total $'000 : 12,610 share capital $'000 : 180,008, statutory reserve $'000 : 138,023, regulatory loss allowance reserve $'000 : 14,710, fair value reserve $'000 : 9,515 , accumulated profits $'000 : 91,063, total $'000 : 414,289 table end.
the dividend per share for the financial year 2021 has been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue announced on 24 february 2023 and issued on 19 may 2023. see accompanying notes to financial statements.
consolidated statement of cash flows year ended 31 december 2023 operating activities item: profit before income tax, 2023 $'000 : 39,813, 2022 $'000 : 44,070 item: adjustments for: item: impact of accrual of interest income, 2023 $'000 : 12,369 , 2022 $'000 : 672 item: impact of accrual of interest expense, 2023 $'000 : 34,466, 2022 $'000 : 5,504 item: interest expense on lease liabilities, 2023 $'000 : 6, 2022 $'000 : 2 item: depreciation of property, plant & equip., 2023 $'000 : 2,005, 2022 $'000 : 2,022, note: 9 item: depreciation of investment properties, 2023 $'000 : 377, 2022 $'000 : 378, note: 10 item: depreciation of right of use assets, 2023 $'000 : 30, 2022 $'000 : 24, note: 6 item: allowances for credit losses, 2023 $'000 : 7,054 , 2022 $'000 : 708 item: gain on disposal of property, plant & equip., 2023 $'000 : 173 , 2022 $'000 : - item: dividends, 2023 $'000 : 368 , 2022 $'000 : 234 item: operating cash flows before movements in working capital , 2023 $'000 : 56,733 , 2022 $'000 : 50,386 table end.
changes in working capital item: deposits and balances of customers, 2023 $'000 : 304,696, 2022 $'000 : 308,001 item: other liabilities, 2023 $'000 : 3,103 , 2022 $'000 : 3,388 item: borrowings from mas, 2023 $'000 : 55,484 , 2022 $'000 : 135,322 item: borrowings from enterprise singapore, 2023 $'000 : 401, 2022 $'000 : 458 item: statutory deposits with the singapore government securities and mas bills, 2023 $'000 : 5,443 , 2022 $'000 : 8,738 item: loans and advances, 2023 $'000 : 103,927 , 2022 $'000 : 9,313 item: other assets, 2023 $'000 : 38,094 , 2022 $'000 : 264,121 item: provision for employee benefits, 2023 $'000 : 33, 2022 $'000 : 801 item: cash generated from/ used in operating activities , 2023 $'000 : 155,818 , 2022 $'000 : 35,913 item: income taxes paid, 2023 $'000 : 6,899 , 2022 $'000 : 6,065 item: net cash generated from/ used in operating activities , 2023 $'000 : 148,919 , 2022 $'000 : 41,978 table end.
investing activities item: purchase of property, plant and equipment, 2023 $'000 : 1,045 , 2022 $'000 : 1,180 item: dividends received, 2023 $'000 : 316, 2022 $'000 : 234 item: proceeds from disposal of property, plant & equip., 2023 $'000 : 173, 2022 $'000 : - item: net cash used in investing activities , 2023 $'000 : 556 , 2022 $'000 : 946 table end.
financing activities item: cash payments of lease liabilities, 2023 $'000 : 34 , 2022 $'000 : 28 item: dividends paid, 2023 $'000 : 15,764 , 2022 $'000 : 12,610 item: net cash used in financing activities , 2023 $'000 : 15,798 , 2022 $'000 : 12,638 item: net increase/ decrease in cash and cash equivalents, 2023 $'000 : 132,565, 2022 $'000 : 55,562 item: cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year, 2023 $'000 : 243,061, 2022 $'000 : 298,623 item: cash and cash equivalents at end of the year , 2023 $'000 : 375,626 , 2022 $'000 : 243,061 table end.
cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and bank deposits that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
see accompanying notes to financial statements.
1. general the company registration number 196400348d is incorporated in the republic of singapore and has its principal place of business and registered office at 96 robinson road, 01-01 sif building, singapore 068899. the company is listed on the main board of singapore exchange securities trading limited.
the financial statements are expressed in singapore dollars, which is the functional currency of the company.
the principal activities of the company are those of a licensed finance company.
the principal activities of the subsidiary are those of a nominee service company.
the consolidated financial statements of the group and statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company for the year ended 31 december 2023 were authorised for issue by the board of directors on 23 february 2024. 2. material accounting policy information 2.1 basis of accounting the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the historical cost basis except as disclosed in the accounting policies below, and are drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the companies act 1967 and singapore financial reporting standards international “sfrs i s" . historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
2.2 adoption of new or revised standards on 1 january 2023, the group and company adopted all the new and revised sfrs i pronouncements that are relevant to their operations.
the adoption of these new and revised sfrs i pronouncements does not result in changes to the group's and company's accounting policies and has no material effect on the amounts reported for the current or prior years except as below.
amendments to sfrs i 1-1 and sfrs i practice statement 2 disclosure of accounting policies the group has adopted the amendments to sfrs i 1-1 for the first time in the current year.
the amendments change the requirements in sfrs i 1-1 with regard to disclosure of accounting policies.
accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.
notes to financial statements 2. material accounting policy information continued 2.2 adoption of new or revised standards continued amendments to sfrs i 1-1 and sfrs i practice statement 2 disclosure of accounting policies continued the supporting paragraphs in sfrs i 1-1 are also amended to clarify that accounting policy information that relates to immaterial transactions, other events or conditions is immaterial and need not be disclosed.
accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial.
however, not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material.
the group has applied materiality guidance in sfrs i practice statement 2 in identifying its material accounting policies for disclosures in the related notes.
the previous term ‘significant accounting policies’ used throughout the financial statements has been replaced with ‘material accounting policy information’.
2.3 basis of consolidation the consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the company and an entity controlled by the company its subsidiary . control is achieved when the company: has power over the investee; is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
the company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the company loses control of the subsidiary.
specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the company gains control until the date when the company ceases to control the subsidiary.
all intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between the members of the group are eliminated on consolidation.
in the company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiary is carried at cost less any impairment in net recoverable value that has been recognised in profit or loss.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
2. material accounting policy information continued 2.4 fair value measurement fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
in estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability which market participants would take into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for leasing transactions that are within the scope of sfrs i 1-16 leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as value in use in sfrs i 1-36 impairment of assets.
in addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized into level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows: level 1 inputs are quoted prices unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date; level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
2.5 financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized on the group's statement of financial position when the group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value.
transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognized immediately in profit or loss.
financial assets financial assets are recognized and de-recognized on a trade date where the purchase or sale of a financial asset is under a contract whose terms require delivery of the financial asset within the timeframe established by the market concerned.
notes to financial statements 2.5 financial instruments continued classification of financial assets all recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.
the group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories.
the basis of classification and subsequent measurement of the financial assets are further described in the respective notes.
table: financial asset measurement categories measurement category: financial assets at amortised cost, criteria: financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, and that have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding “sppi” , financial assets: cash and deposits with banks and monetary authority of singapore "mas" statutory deposits with the mas measurement category: debt instruments classified as at fair value through other comprehensive income "fvoci" , criteria: financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets, and that have contractual cash flows that are sppi, financial assets: loans and advances note 8 other receivables, deposits and prepayments note 6 singapore government securities and mas bills note 7 measurement category: equity instruments designated as at fvoci, criteria: equity instruments that are not held for trading and on which the group has made an irrevocable election on an instrument-by-instrument basis to present subsequent changes in the instruments’ fair value in other comprehensive income, financial assets: investment in equity securities note 7 table end.
by default, all other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss "fvtpl" . 2. material accounting policy information continued 2.5 financial instruments continued amortised cost and effective interest method the effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest income over the relevant period.
for financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts excluding expected credit losses, through the expected life of the financial asset, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset on initial recognition.
for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost of the debt instrument on initial recognition.
the amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance.
on the other hand, the gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any loss allowance.
interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently at amortised cost and at fvoci.
for financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired.
for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset.
if, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.
interest income is recognised in profit or loss and is included in the “interest income and hiring charges” line item.
impairment of financial assets the group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses "ecl" on the following financial assets that are not measured at fvtpl: cash on deposits with banks; loans and advances, as well as on loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts; debt instruments at fvoci; and other receivables.
notes to financial statements 2.5 financial instruments continued impairment of financial assets continued the amount of ecl is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.
no impairment loss is recognised on equity investments.
financial instruments are classified into three stages based on changes in credit quality since initial recognition, as summarized below: ecl measurement for stage 1 financial instruments will be based on a 12-month horizon, while those in stages 2 and 3 will be measured based on the lifetime of the instruments.
financial instruments that are non-credit impaired on initial recognition are classified in "stage 1," and their credit risk is continuously monitored by the group.
if a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified, the financial instruments will be transferred to "stage 2" and remain as non-credit impaired.
further details on "significant increase in credit risk" are described below.
if a financial instrument is credit impaired, it will be transferred to "stage 3".
measurement of ecl the measurement of ecl is a function of probability of default pd , loss given default lgd , and exposure at default ead . the 12-month pds and lifetime pds respectively represent the pd occurring over the next 12 months and the remaining maturity of the instrument.
these inputs are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data, and they are adjusted to reflect probability-weighted forward-looking information.
a loss allowance for lifetime ecl is required for a financial instrument if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.
for all other financial instruments, ecls are measured at an amount equal to the 12-month ecl.
lifetime ecl represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
in contrast, 12-month ecl represents the portion of lifetime ecl that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
for undrawn loan commitments, the ecl is the difference between the present value of the contractual cash flows that are due to the group if the holder of the commitment draws down the loan and the cash flows that the group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.
2. material accounting policy information continued 2.5 financial instruments continued impairment of financial assets continued measurement of ecl continued for financial guarantee contracts, the ecl is the difference between the expected payments to reimburse the holder of the guaranteed debt instrument less any amounts that the group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
the group measures ecl on an individual basis, or on a collective basis for portfolios of loans that share similar economic risk characteristics.
the measurement of the loss allowance is based on the present value of the asset's expected cash flows using the asset's original effective interest rate, regardless of whether it is measured on an individual basis or a collective basis.
definition of default the definition of default is used in measuring the amount of ecl and in the determination of whether the loss allowance is based on 12-month or lifetime ecl, as default is a component of the probability of default pd which affects both the measurement of ecls and the identification of a significant increase in credit risk see note 4 . the group considers the following as constituting an event of default: the borrower is past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to the group; or the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the group in full.
this definition of default is used by the group for accounting purposes as well as for internal credit risk management purposes and is aligned to the regulatory definition of default.
significant increase in credit risk in assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition.
in making this assessment, the group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
the group uses credit risk grades as a primary input into the determination of the term structure of the pd for exposures.
the credit risk grades are designed and calibrated to reflect the risk of default as credit risk deteriorates.
as the credit risk increases, the difference in risk of default between grades changes.
each exposure is allocated to a credit risk grade at initial recognition, based on the available information about the counterparty.
the exposures are monitored and the credit risk grades are updated to reflect the current information.
2.5 financial instruments continued impairment of financial assets continued significant increase in credit risk continued the group calibrates and sets specific thresholds for the downgrade of credit grading in the respective credit quality range of “strong”, “satisfactory”, “higher risk” and “impaired” to determine whether the financial instrument has experienced a significant increase in credit risk.
a backstop is applied, and the financial instrument is assessed to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk if the borrower is more than 30 days past due on its contractual payments.
credit-impaired financial assets a financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred.
evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events: significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event; the lender s of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession s that the lender s would not otherwise consider; it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization; or the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.
write-off policy financial assets are written off when the group has no reasonable expectations of recovering the financial asset either in its entirety or a portion of it . this is the case when the group determines that the borrower does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
a write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate.
any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.
2. material accounting policy information continued 2.5 financial instruments continued impairment of financial assets continued presentation of allowance for ecl in the financial statements loss allowances for ecl are presented in the statement of financial position as follows: for financial assets measured at amortised cost: as a deduction from the gross carrying amount of the assets; for debt instruments measured at fvoci: no loss allowance is recognised in the statement of financial position as the carrying amount is at fair value.
however, the loss allowance is included as part of the revaluation amount in the fair value reserve; and where a financial instrument includes both a drawn and undrawn component, and the group cannot identify the ecl on the loan commitment component separately from those on the drawn component: the group presents a combined loss allowance for both components.
the combined amount is presented as a deduction from the gross carrying amount of the drawn component.
the group recognises an impairment loss and gain upon reversal of allowance in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at fvoci, for which the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve, and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statement of financial position.
derecognition of financial assets the group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.
if the group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay.
if the group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.
on derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.
in addition, on de-recognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at fvoci, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.
in contrast, on derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the group has elected on initial recognition to measure at fvoci, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.
2. material accounting policy information continued 2.5 financial instruments continued financial liabilities and equity instruments classification as debt or equity debts and equity instruments issued by the group are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
a equity instruments an equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the group after deducting all of its liabilities.
equity instruments are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
b financial liabilities financial liabilities measured at amortised cost financial liabilities measured at amortise cost include: deposits and balances from customers; borrowings from mas and enterprise singapore; and other liabilities these are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
the effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the relevant period.
the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts through the expected life of the financial liability, or where appropriate a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.
financial guarantee contract liabilities a financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
2. material accounting policy information continued 2.5 financial instruments continued financial liabilities and equity instruments continued financial guarantee contract liabilities continued financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at fair values and, if not designated as at fvtpl and do not arise from a transfer of a financial asset, are subsequently measured at the higher of: the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with sfrs i 9; and the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the revenue recognition policies.
derecognition of financial liabilities the group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire.
the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss.
2.6 leases the group enters its lease agreements as a lessor with respect to its investment property.
leases for which the group is a lessor are classified as operating leases.
rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
subsequent to initial recognition, the group regularly reviews the estimated unguaranteed residual value and applies the impairment requirements of sfrs i 9, recognising an allowance for expected credit losses on the lease receivables.
2.7 impairment of non-financial assets at the end of each reporting period, the group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss.
if any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss if any . notes to financial statements 2.7 impairment of non-financial assets continued where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use.
in assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
if the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount.
an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease.
2.8 prepaid commission on loans and advances commission paid on loans and advances are deferred and recognised as an expense over the tenor of the loans and advances.
for early settlement of loans, the remaining portion of the prepaid commission is expensed immediately to the profit or loss on the date of settlement.
2.9 provisions provisions are recognised when the group has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event, and it is probable that the group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
the amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images or footnotes.
notes to financial statements 3. critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty in the application of the group's accounting policies described in note 2 , management is required to make judgements, estimates, and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
the estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors considered relevant.
actual results may differ from these estimates.
the estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
revision to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
management discussed with the audit committee the development, selection, disclosure, and application of the group's critical accounting policies and estimates, and the application of these policies and estimates.
a critical judgements in applying the entity's accounting policies management is of the opinion that the application of judgement is not expected to have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the financial statements, except as follows: significant increase of credit risk ecl is measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ecl for stage 1 assets, or lifetime ecl for stage 2 and stage 3 assets.
an asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.
sfrs i 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk.
in assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the group takes into account reasonable and supportable qualitative and quantitative factors and forward-looking information.
in line with regulatory guidelines, a customer's utilization of relief measures due to economic impact does not automatically result in a significant increase in credit risk and a transfer to stage 2. the assessment of customer's risk of default continues to be performed holistically, taking into account the customer's ability to make payments based on the rescheduled payments and their creditworthiness in the long term.
models and assumptions used the group uses credit rating models and assumptions in estimating ecl.
judgement is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in the model, including post-model adjustments and assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk.
notes to financial statements – 31 december 2023 3. critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty continued b key sources of estimation uncertainty the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below: calculation of loss allowance the following are key estimations that the management has used in the process of applying the group's accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in financial statements: establishing the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each type of product/customer segment and determining the forward-looking information relevant to each scenario: when measuring ecl, the group uses reasonable and supportable forward-looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.
probability of default: pd constitutes a key input in measuring ecl.
pd is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.
loss given default: lgd is an estimate of the loss arising on default.
it is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements.
the economic uncertainties have imposed a greater degree of judgement in estimating the ecl and the inputs used are inherently subject to change, which may materially change our estimate of stage 1 and stage 2 allowance for credit losses in future periods.
to address the uncertainties inherent in the current and future environment and to reflect all relevant risk factors not captured in our modelled results, we applied expert credit judgement in determining significant increases in credit risk since origination and our probability weighted allowance for credit losses.
we applied quantitative and qualitative adjustments for the impacts of the macroeconomic scenarios.
4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management a categories of financial instruments the following table sets out the financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period: table: financial instruments at the end of reporting period category: financial assets amortised cost : category: cash and deposits with banks and mas, group 2023 $'000 : 375,626, group 2022 $'000 : 243,061, company 2023 $'000 : 375,568, company 2022 $'000 : 242,984 category: statutory deposits with the mas, group 2023 $'000 : 75,030, group 2022 $'000 : 69,587, company 2023 $'000 : 75,030, company 2022 $'000 : 69,587 category: loans and advances, group 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, group 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641, company 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, company 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641 category: other receivables, etc., group 2023 $'000 : 9,103, group 2022 $'000 : 3,543, company 2023 $'000 : 9,103, company 2022 $'000 : 3,543 category: financial assets fvoci : category: singapore government securities and mas bills, group 2023 $'000 : 451,023, group 2022 $'000 : 335,017, company 2023 $'000 : 451,023, company 2022 $'000 : 335,017 category: investment in equity securities, group 2023 $'000 : 5,845, group 2022 $'000 : 6,015, company 2023 $'000 : 5,601, company 2022 $'000 : 5,783 category: financial liabilities amortised cost : category: deposits and balances of customers, group 2023 $'000 : 2,906,162, group 2022 $'000 : 2,601,466, company 2023 $'000 : 2,906,946, company 2022 $'000 : 2,602,243 category: other liabilities, group 2023 $'000 : 60,835, group 2022 $'000 : 29,501, company 2023 $'000 : 60,350, company 2022 $'000 : 28,999 category: borrowings from mas, group 2023 $'000 : -, group 2022 $'000 : 55,484, company 2023 $'000 : -, company 2022 $'000 : 55,484 category: enterprise singapore loans, group 2023 $'000 : 1,977, group 2022 $'000 : 1,576, company 2023 $'000 : 1,977, company 2022 $'000 : 1,576 table end.
b financial risk management policies and objectives the group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments: credit risk liquidity risk market risk including interest rate risk and equity price risk operational risk the group's operations are denominated in singapore dollars.
hence, the group is not exposed to material foreign exchange movements.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued this note presents information about the group's exposure to each of the above risks, the group's objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risks, and the group's management of capital.
there has been no change to the group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures such risks.
risk governance under the group's risk governance framework, the board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the group's risk management framework.
the board delegates its authority to the risk management committee “rmc” to oversee the group's risk management framework, policies, processes and guidelines.
the rmc is chaired by a non-executive independent director and is tasked to oversee the development of robust enterprise-wide risk management policies and processes.
in addition to credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, capital and balance sheet management, the rmc also oversees the management of operational risk, information technology risk, outsourcing risk, reputational risk, environmental and climate risks, compliance and business continuity management.
the rmc meets at least quarterly.
the rmc reviews and approves the implementation of the group's policies, risk appetite, tolerance limits and key risk indicators to guide risk taking.
a risk dashboard is set up in which responsible departments regularly compute and update the predefined risk indicators, allowing the rmc members to monitor the level of risks and be alerted of any breach of thresholds.
the risk management department “rmd” assists the rmc in developing risk management measurements and control systems, monitoring limits set by the board and reporting breaches, exceptions, and deviations.
the rmd furnishes rmc with periodical reports and recommendations to enable rmc to make decisions on risk management issues.
compliance testing and internal audits are conducted on an on-going basis to confirm that these policies are being implemented effectively.
senior management is accountable to the board for ensuring the implementation of risk management policies.
the business units are responsible for managing the risks of their respective activities and for ensuring compliance with the group's policies.
credit control department assists senior management in providing checks and controls as well as independent risk assessments.
credit collection department assists in the proactive management and follow up of past due payments and recovery efforts for non-performing loans.
4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk credit risk is one of the primary risks in the group's lending activities.
it is the risk of financial loss to the group if a borrower or counter party to a credit exposure fails to meet its contractual obligations.
credit exposures also include the debt securities held by the group.
the performance of such debt securities may be impacted to varying degrees by any developments in the global financial markets.
except for fund placements with banks, investment in singapore government securities "sgs" and enterprise singapore loans with 70% to 90% risk sharing with enterprise singapore, credit risk exposure of the group is mostly secured and is concentrated in singapore.
the group assesses all credit risk exposures, including off balance sheet items and potential exposures using both internal information and information from external credit bureau, consolidating all elements of credit risk exposure including the default risk of the individual obligor, security risk, industry risk, market/interest rate risk and repayment behaviour.
credit policies are formulated to cover concentration risk limits, collateral requirements, credit assessment, risk grading, stress testing, reporting, documentary and legal procedures and compliance with regulatory and statutory requirements.
all credit facilities, majority fully secured, require the approval by management or the loan committee as appropriate.
all collateral assets provided by obligors must be tangible and accessible or marketable in singapore.
the group has in place a monitoring system to identify early symptoms of problematic loan accounts.
a risk grading system is used in determining whether impairment allowances may be required against specific credit exposures.
risk grades are subject to regular review and credit exposures take into consideration stress testing of the fair value of collateral and other security enhancements held against the loans and advances.
bad debts will be written off when debt recovery is remote, e.grams. borrower has been made bankrupt, or all recovery actions have been exhausted.
approval of the managing director or loan committee as appropriate is obtained for write off of bad debts above certain amounts.
any proposal for write off of director and director-related loans must be accepted by the board of directors and approved by the mas.
environmental, social and governance risk the group is exposed to environmental, social and governance "esg" related risk through its lending activities via the loans to its customers, which operate in sectors with elevated esg risk.
the group has established its esg risk policies and processes based on the association of banks in singapore's guidelines on responsible financing and the monetary authority of singapore's guidelines on environmental risk management.
these policies and processes are fully embedded into the group's credit risk management policy and enterprise-wide risk management framework.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued internal credit risk grading the estimation of credit risk loss is complex and requires the use of a credit grading model, as the exposure varies with changes in market conditions, expected cash flows, and the passage of time.
the key assessment of the rating model entails estimations as to the likelihood of defaults occurring.
in order to better measure the credit risk exposure, the management has tasked the risk management team to develop, monitor and maintain the group's credit risk gradings, which seek to reflect its assessment of the probability of default pd of the individual counterparties.
the group uses internal rating models tailored to various categories of counterparties.
the group's credit risk grading framework currently comprises ten categories.
the credit rating information is based on a range of data that is determined to be predictive of the risk of default and applying experienced credit judgement.
the nature of the exposure and type of borrower are taken into account in the analysis.
credit risk grades are defined using qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of risk of default.
the credit risk grades are designed and calibrated to reflect the risk of default as credit risk deteriorates.
each exposure is allocated to a credit risk grade at initial recognition, based on the available information about the counterparty.
borrower and loan specific information collated at the initial application such as disposable income, type and level of collateral as well as financial information and industry sector for corporate borrowers is fed into the credit model.
this is also supplemented with external data such as credit bureau scoring information on individual borrowers.
all exposures are monitored and the credit risk grade is updated to reflect current information obtained.
the group uses credit risk grades as a primary input into the determination of the term structure of the pd for exposures.
the group collects performance and default information about its credit risk exposures analysed by type of product and borrower as well as by credit risk grading.
the group analyses all data collected using statistical models and estimates the remaining lifetime pd of exposures and how these are expected to change over time.
the factors taken into account in this process include macro-economic data such as gdp growth.
the group generates a 'base case' scenario of the future direction of relevant economic variables as well as a representative range of other possible forecast scenarios.
the group then uses these forecasts, which are probability-weighted, to adjust its estimates of pds.
the group measures credit risk using a similar approach that is used to measure ecl under sfrs 9 . notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued incorporation of forward-looking information the group uses forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort in its assessment of significant increase of credit risk as well as in its measurement of ecl.
the group uses external and internal information to generate a 'base case' scenario of future forecast of relevant economic variables along with a representative range of other possible forecast scenarios.
the external information used includes economic data and forecasts published by governmental bodies and monetary authorities.
the group applies probabilities to the forecast scenarios identified.
the base case scenario is the single most-likely outcome and consists of information used by the group for analysis and planning.
the group uses a three-scenario model to calculate ecl.
the baseline scenario, one adverse scenario downturn and one favourable scenario growth are derived, with the associated probability weightage.
the weightage given to the three scenarios are determined by management and the risk management team.
measurement of ecl the key inputs used for measuring ecl are: probability of default “pd” loss given default “lgd” exposure at default “ead” as explained above, these figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and are adjusted to reflect probability-weight forward-looking information.
refer to note 2 for more details.
maximum exposure to credit risk as at 31 december 2023, the group's maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements, which will cause a financial loss to the group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties and financial guarantees provided by the group arises from: the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position; and the maximum amount the group would have to pay if the financial guarantee is called upon, irrespective of the likelihood of the guarantee being exercised as disclosed as contingent liabilities.
the related loss allowance is disclosed in the respective notes to the financial statements.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued maximum exposure to credit risk the tables and paragraphs below detail the maximum exposure to credit risk of the group's financial assets as well as the value of the collateral held against the respective exposure.
stage 3 credit-impaired assets with corresponding collateral is disclosed separately.
table: maximum exposure to credit risk group: 31 december 2023 group: at amortised cost: group: cash and deposits with banks and mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 375,786, loss allowance '000 : 160, net carrying amount '000 : 375,626 group: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, gross carrying amount '000 : 9,103, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 9,103 group: loans and advances, gross carrying amount '000 : 2,455,149, loss allowance '000 : 4,360, net carrying amount '000 : 2,450,789 group: statutory deposits with mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 75,030, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 75,030 group: at fvoci: group: singapore government securities and mas bills, gross carrying amount '000 : 451,023, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 451,023 group: off balance sheet: group: contingent liabilities, gross carrying amount '000 : 8,740, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 8,740 group: undrawn commitments, gross carrying amount '000 : 978,336, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 978,336 group: 31 december 2022 group: at amortised cost: group: cash and deposits with banks and mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 243,221, loss allowance '000 : 160, net carrying amount '000 : 243,061 group: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, gross carrying amount '000 : 3,543, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 3,543 group: loans and advances, gross carrying amount '000 : 2,417,086, loss allowance '000 : 11,445, net carrying amount '000 : 2,405,641 group: statutory deposits with mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 69,587, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 69,587 group: at fvoci: group: singapore government securities and mas bills, gross carrying amount '000 : 335,017, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 335,017 group: off balance sheet: group: contingent liabilities, gross carrying amount '000 : 8,740, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 8,740 group: undrawn commitments, gross carrying amount '000 : 770,180, loss allowance '000 : -, net carrying amount '000 : 770,180 table end.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued maximum exposure to credit risk continued company: 31 december 2023 company: at amortised cost: company: cash and deposits with banks and mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 375,728, loss allowance '000 : 160, net carrying amount '000 : 375,568 company: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, gross carrying amount '000 : 9,103, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 9,103 company: loans and advances, gross carrying amount '000 : 2,455,149, loss allowance '000 : 4,360, net carrying amount '000 : 2,450,789 company: statutory deposits with mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 75,030, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 75,030 company: at fvoci: company: singapore government securities and mas bills, gross carrying amount '000 : 451,023, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 451,023 company: off balance sheet: company: contingent liabilities, gross carrying amount '000 : 8,740, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 8,740 company: undrawn commitments, gross carrying amount '000 : 978,336, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 978,336 company: 31 december 2022 company: at amortised cost: company: cash and deposits with banks and mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 243,144, loss allowance '000 : 160, net carrying amount '000 : 242,984 company: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, gross carrying amount '000 : 3,543, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 3,543 company: loans and advances, gross carrying amount '000 : 2,417,086, loss allowance '000 : 11,445, net carrying amount '000 : 2,405,641 company: statutory deposits with mas, gross carrying amount '000 : 69,587, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 69,587 company: at fvoci: company: singapore government securities and mas bills, gross carrying amount '000 : 335,017, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 335,017 company: off balance sheet: company: contingent liabilities, gross carrying amount '000 : 8,740, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 8,740 company: undrawn commitments, gross carrying amount '000 : 770,180, loss allowance '000 : –, net carrying amount '000 : 770,180 table end.
included in the gross carrying amount are the stage 3 credit-impaired assets amounting to $9,028,000 2022: $25,984,000 . an estimate of the financial effect of collateral and other security enhancements held against loans and advances to customers on maximum credit risk exposure amounted to $6,147,081,000 2022: $5,819,930,000 . the group’s claim against collateral is limited to the obligations of the respective obligors.
notes to financial statements – 31 december 2023 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued maximum exposure to credit risk continued the maximum amount the group could be forced to settle under the financial guarantee contract in note 27, if the full guaranteed amount is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee is $8,740,000 2022: $8,740,000 . based on expectations at the end of the reporting period, the group considers that it is more likely than not that no amount will be payable under the arrangement.
collaterals the group holds collateral against loans and advances to customers.
the main types of collateral obtained by the group are as follows: for personal housing loans, mortgages over residential properties and hdb flats; for commercial property loans, charges over the properties; for land and construction loans, charges over the developing properties; for motor vehicles loans and block discounting loans, charges over the vehicles; for share loans, charges over listed securities of singapore; and for other loans, charges over business assets such as premises, barges and vessels, machineries, trade receivables or deposits.
all financial instruments in the group subjected to the impairment requirements and recognition of loss allowance has been covered under the group’s expected credit loss model with no exception to the types of collateral held as at 31 december 2023 and 31 december 2022. notes to financial statements: financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued possession of collateral held the nature and carrying amount of collateral held against financial assets, obtained by taking possession of collateral held as security, which remain held at the reporting date are as follows.
claims against such collateral are limited to the outstanding obligations.
there was no collateral held against the financial assets of the group and the company as at 31 december 2023 and 2022. credit quality of assets the group manages the credit quality of deposits and placements with banks and financial institutions, loans and advances, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts using internal credit ratings.
the credit quality of financial assets exposed to credit risk is graded as “strong, satisfactory, higher risk and impaired” as described below and shown in the following table: table: credit quality of assets category: strong, description: the counterparty has very low risk of default and very high likelihood of assets being recovered in full as per the terms of the loan agreement.
category: satisfactory, description: the counterparty has low risk of default and high likelihood of full repayment and is subjected to standard monitoring.
category: higher risk, description: there is evidence indicating potential credit weakness and concern over the counterparty's ability to make payments when due that warrant close monitoring.
category: impaired, description: amount is 90 days past due or there is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired.
notes to financial statements – 31 december 2023 b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued the tables below analyze the significant changes in gross carrying amount of each class of financial assets during the year by credit quality.
table: cash and deposits with banks and mas at amortized cost category: 31 december 2023 category: strong, stage 1 $'000 : 375,786, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 375,786 category: satisfactory, stage 1 $'000 : -, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - category: higher risk, stage 1 $'000 : -, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - category: impaired, stage 1 $'000 : -, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - category: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 $'000 : 375,786, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 375,786 category: loss allowance, stage 1 $'000 : 160 , stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 160 category: carrying amount , stage 1 $'000 : 375,626, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 375,626 category: 31 december 2022 category: strong, stage 1 $'000 : 243,221, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 243,221 category: satisfactory, stage 1 $'000 : -, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - category: higher risk, stage 1 $'000 : -, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - category: impaired, stage 1 $'000 : -, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - category: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 $'000 : 243,221, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 243,221 category: loss allowance, stage 1 $'000 : 160 , stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 160 category: carrying amount , stage 1 $'000 : 243,061, stage 2 $'000 : -, stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 243,061 table end.
there are no footnotes in the provided image.
notes to financial statements - financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued table: cash and deposits with banks and mas at amortized cost item: 31 december 2023 item: strong, stage 1 '000 : 375,728, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 375,728 item: satisfactory, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: higher risk, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: impaired, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 375,728, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 375,728 item: loss allowance, stage 1 '000 : 160 , stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 160 item: carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 375,568, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 375,568 item: 31 december 2022 item: strong, stage 1 '000 : 243,144, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 243,144 item: satisfactory, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: higher risk, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: impaired, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 243,144, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 243,144 item: loss allowance, stage 1 '000 : 160 , stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 160 item: carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 242,984, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 242,984 table end.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued table: credit risk by stage and carrying amount item: 31 december 2023 - group and company item: strong, stage 1 '000 : 451,023, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 451,023 item: satisfactory, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: higher risk, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: impaired, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 451,023, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 451,023 item: loss allowance, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 451,023, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 451,023 item: 31 december 2022 - group and company item: strong, stage 1 '000 : 335,017, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 335,017 item: satisfactory, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: higher risk, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: impaired, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 335,017, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 335,017 item: loss allowance, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 335,017, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 335,017 table end.
note: no loss allowances are provided for the sgs and mas bills as they are 'aaa' rated with no history of default.
notes to financial statements: financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued table: loans and advances at amortised cost - 31 december 2023 risk category: strong, stage 1 '000 : 119,165, stage 2 '000 : 9,905, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 129,070 risk category: satisfactory, stage 1 '000 : 1,887,837, stage 2 '000 : 363,526, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 2,251,363 risk category: higher risk, stage 1 '000 : 15,831, stage 2 '000 : 49,857, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 65,688 risk category: impaired, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : 9,028, total '000 : 9,028 risk category: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 2,022,833 , stage 2 '000 : 423,288 , stage 3 '000 : 9,028 , total '000 : 2,455,149 risk category: loss allowance , stage 1 '000 : 1,952 , stage 2 '000 : 1,627 , stage 3 '000 : 781 , total '000 : 4,360 risk category: carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 2,020,881 , stage 2 '000 : 421,661 , stage 3 '000 : 8,247 , total '000 : 2,450,789 table end.
table: loans and advances at amortised cost - 31 december 2022 risk category: strong, stage 1 '000 : 173,224, stage 2 '000 : 12,427, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 185,651 risk category: satisfactory, stage 1 '000 : 1,690,879, stage 2 '000 : 415,832, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 2,106,711 risk category: higher risk, stage 1 '000 : 31,896, stage 2 '000 : 66,844, stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 98,740 risk category: impaired, stage 1 '000 : -, stage 2 '000 : -, stage 3 '000 : 25,984, total '000 : 25,984 risk category: total gross carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 1,895,999 , stage 2 '000 : 495,103 , stage 3 '000 : 25,984 , total '000 : 2,417,086 risk category: loss allowance , stage 1 '000 : 1,972 , stage 2 '000 : 1,607 , stage 3 '000 : 7,866 , total '000 : 11,445 risk category: carrying amount , stage 1 '000 : 1,894,027 , stage 2 '000 : 493,496 , stage 3 '000 : 18,118 , total '000 : 2,405,641 table end.
notes to financial statements: financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued the tables below analyse the movement of the loss allowance during the year per class of assets.
table: movement of loss allowance during the year item: loss allowance as at 1 january 2022, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 574, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 574 item: new financial assets originated, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 160, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 160 item: financial assets that have been derecognised, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 574 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 574 item: changes due to the exposure and risk parameters, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - item: total net p&l charge, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 414 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 414 item: loss allowance as at 31 december 2022, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 160, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 160 item: new financial assets originated, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 106, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 106 item: financial assets that have been derecognised, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 160 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 160 item: changes due to the exposure and risk parameters, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - item: total net p&l charge, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 54, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 54 item: loss allowance as at 31 december 2023, 12-months ecl stage 1 $'000 : 160, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 160 table end.
notes to financial statements continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued table: loss allowance - loans and advances group and company category: loss allowance as at 1 january 2022, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 2,251, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 915, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 8,736, total $'000 : 11,902 category: movements with p&l impact category: transfer from stage 1 to stage 2, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 77 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 77 category: transfer from stage 1 to stage 3, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 17 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 17 category: transfer from stage 2 to stage 3, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 24 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 24 category: transfer from stage 2 to stage 1, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 169, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 169 category: transfer from stage 3 to stage 2, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 225, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 225 category: remeasurement, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 155 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 33 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 464, total $'000 : 276 category: new financial assets originated/downgraded, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 127, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 34, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 159, total $'000 : 320 category: financial assets derecognised, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 77 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 20 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 1,202 , total $'000 : 1,299 category: changes due to the exposure and risk parameters, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 249 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 602, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 55, total $'000 : 408 category: total net p&l charge , 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 279 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 692, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 708 , total $'000 : 295 category: write-offs, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 162 , total $'000 : 162 category: loss allowance as at 31 december 2022 , 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 1,972, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 1,607, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 7,866, total $'000 : 11,445 category: movements with p&l impact category: transfer from stage 1 to stage 2, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 28 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 28 category: transfer from stage 1 to stage 3 category: transfer from stage 2 to stage 3 category: transfer from stage 2 to stage 1, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 100, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 100 category: transfer from stage 3 to stage 2, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 3,788, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 3,788 category: remeasurement, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 93 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 3,506 , total $'000 : 3,599 category: new financial assets originated/downgraded, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 322, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 74, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 396 category: financial assets derecognised, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 43 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 32 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 3,196 , total $'000 : 3,271 category: changes due to the exposure and risk parameters, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 278 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 232 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 70 , total $'000 : 580 category: total net p&l charge , 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 20 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 20, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 7,054 , total $'000 : 7,054 category: write-offs, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 31 , total $'000 : 31 category: loss allowance as at 31 december 2023 , 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 1,952, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 1,627, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 781, total $'000 : 4,360 table end.
notes to financial statements b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued more information about the significant changes in the gross carrying amount of financial assets during the period that contributed to changes in the loss allowance, is provided at the table below: table: changes in gross carrying amount of financial assets item: gross carrying amount as at 1 january 2022 , 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 1,595,052, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 522,018, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 35,645, total '000 : 2,152,715 item: transfer from stage 1 to stage 2, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 81,391 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 81,391, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 1 to stage 3, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 4,743 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 4,743, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 2 to stage 3, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 2,371 , lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 2,371, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 2 to stage 1, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 28,151, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 28,151 , lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 3 to stage 2, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 2,143, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 2,143 , total '000 : - item: net change in exposures, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 33,712 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 29,104 , lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 5,631 , total '000 : 68,447 item: new financial assets originated/downgraded, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 672,133, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 14,000, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 1,646, total '000 : 687,779 item: financial assets derecognised during the period, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 279,491 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 64,823 , lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 10,485 , total '000 : 354,799 item: write-offs, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 162 , total '000 : 162 item: gross carrying amount as at 31 december 2022 , 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 1,895,999, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 495,103, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 25,984, total '000 : 2,417,086 item: transfer from stage 1 to stage 2, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 77,263 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 77,263, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 1 to stage 3, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 77 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 77, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 2 to stage 3, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 2 to stage 1, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 74,586, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 74,586 , lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : - item: transfer from stage 3 to stage 2, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 11,015, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 11,015 , total '000 : - item: net change in exposures, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 256,351 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 52,996 , lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 2,589 , total '000 : 311,936 item: new financial assets originated/downgraded, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 679,264, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 41,327, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : -, total '000 : 720,591 item: financial assets derecognised during the period, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 293,325 , lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 73,838 , lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 3,398 , total '000 : 370,561 item: write-offs, 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 31 , total '000 : 31 item: gross carrying amount as at 31 december 2023 , 12-month ecl stage 1 '000 : 2,022,833, lifetime ecl stage 2 '000 : 423,288, lifetime ecl stage 3 '000 : 9,028, total '000 : 2,455,149 table end.
notes to financial statements: financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued table: total net loss allowance charge to p&l - group and company : 2022 : bad debts recovered, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 5,787 , total $'000 : 5,787 : deposits, balances with and loans to bankers, agents and other financial institutions, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 414 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 414 : loans and advances, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 279 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 692, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 708 , total $'000 : 295 : total recovered /charged in 2022 , 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 692 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 692 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 6,495 , total $'000 : 6,495 : 2023 : bad debts recovered, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 446 , total $'000 : 446 : deposits, balances with and loans to bankers, agents and other financial institutions, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : -, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : - : loans and advances, 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 20 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 20, lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 7,054 , total $'000 : 7,054 : total recovered /charged in 2023 , 12-month ecl stage 1 $'000 : 20 , lifetime ecl stage 2 $'000 : 20 , lifetime ecl stage 3 $'000 : 7,500 , total $'000 : 7,500 table end.
loans with terms being renegotiated as at 31 december 2023, the group has loans and advances of $7,141,000, which the terms have been renegotiated 2022: $10,736,000 . the loans were upgraded as performing loans with no stage 3 ecl allowance made in respect of the loans 2022: individually impaired with credit allowance of $3,767,000 . regulatory grading apart from internal credit grading, the group also categorises its loans and advances in accordance with mas notice to finance companies no.
811 “credit files, grading and provisioning” issued by the monetary authority of singapore mas . a performing loans pass grade indicates that the timely repayment of the outstanding credit facilities is not in doubt.
special mention grade indicates that the credit facilities exhibit potential weaknesses that, if not corrected in a timely manner, may adversely affect future repayments and warrant close attention by the group.
4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued i credit risk continued b non-performing loans substandard grade indicates that the credit facilities exhibit definable weaknesses either in respect of business, cash flow or financial position of the borrower that may jeopardise repayment on existing terms.
doubtful grade indicates that the credit facilities exhibit severe weaknesses such that the prospect of full recovery of the outstanding credit facilities is questionable and the prospect of a loss is high, but the exact amount remains undeterminable.
loss grade indicates that the amount of loan recovery is assessed to be insignificant.
concentration of credit risk the group monitors concentrations of credit risk by sector.
an analysis of concentrations of credit risk at the end of the reporting period is shown below: table: concentration of credit risk by sector sector: total , loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641 sector: hire purchase/block discounting, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 578,319, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 580,359 sector: housing loans secured by property under finance, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 86,871, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 68,981 sector: other loans and advances: sector: building and construction, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 389,530, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 478,091 sector: financial institutions, and investment and holding companies, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 752,566, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 666,230 sector: professional and individuals, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 145,448, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 165,366 sector: general commerce, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 248,416, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 249,431 sector: transport, storage and communication, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 84,020, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 104,538 sector: manufacturing, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 8,502, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 6,802 sector: others, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 161,477, loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 97,288 sector: less: loss allowance, loans and advances 2023 $'000 : 4,360 , loans and advances 2022 $'000 : 11,445 table end.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued ii liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that the group is unable to service its cash obligations in the present and future both anticipated and unanticipated without incurring substantial cost or damage to the group's reputation.
the group's principal source of funds is from deposit collections in singapore which is mainly utilized for funding loans and maintenance of reserves in compliance with statutory requirements.
the daily liquidity position is closely managed by treasury and independently monitored by the rmd via daily report covering the next 30 days' funding needs.
in addition, projected fund flow positions for the next 1 and 6 months are reviewed on a monthly basis.
the rmc also reviews the monthly liquidity gap analysis contractual and behavioral and the liquidity stress test to ensure that liquidity risk is managed within established tolerance levels and mismatch limits.
early warning system and contingency funding plans are in place, with monitoring and triggering mechanisms to alert management of potential liquidity risk.
the group's liquidity risk is mitigated by its maintenance of the minimum cash balances and minimum liquid assets balance as required by mas, the latter being the key measure for liquidity risk.
liquidity risk is also mitigated through the large number of customers in the group's diverse loan and deposit bases and the close monitoring of exposures to avoid any undue concentration.
at 31 december 2023 and 2022, the group has available funds from undrawn committed credit lines and will be able to raise funds from the public via medium term note “mtn” programme which allow the group to use the funds in the event of liquidity shortfall.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 b financial risk management policies and objectives continued ii liquidity risk continued the following table analyses the assets and liabilities of the group and the company into maturity time bands based on the remaining time to contractual maturity as at the end of the reporting period: table: liquidity risk analysis 31 december 2023 group: assets group: cash and deposits with banks and mas, total '000 : 375,626, up to 1 month '000 : 211,700, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 16,992, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 146,934, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - group: statutory deposits with the mas, total '000 : 75,030, up to 1 month '000 : 75,030, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - group: singapore government securities and mas bills, total '000 : 451,023, up to 1 month '000 : 182,628, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 9,907, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 3,979, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 125,991, over 5 years '000 : 128,518 group: investment in equity securities, total '000 : 5,845, up to 1 month '000 : 5,845, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - group: loans and advances to customers, total '000 : 2,450,789, up to 1 month '000 : 384,055, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 150,300, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 261,107, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 651,074, over 5 years '000 : 1,004,253 group: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, total '000 : 9,103, up to 1 month '000 : 3,132, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 2,440, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 3,531, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - group: total assets , total '000 : 3,367,416, up to 1 month '000 : 862,390, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 179,639, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 415,551, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 777,065, over 5 years '000 : 1,132,771 group: liabilities group: deposits and balances of customers, total '000 : 2,906,162, up to 1 month '000 : 806,574, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 396,050, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,670,810, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 32,728, over 5 years '000 : - group: other liabilities, total '000 : 60,835, up to 1 month '000 : 12,067, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 7,147, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 40,486, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,135, over 5 years '000 : - group: enterprise singapore loans, total '000 : 1,977, up to 1 month '000 : -, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 7, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 15, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,955, over 5 years '000 : - group: total liabilities , total '000 : 2,968,974, up to 1 month '000 : 818,641, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 403,204, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,711,311, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 35,818, over 5 years '000 : - group: net liquidity surplus/ gap , total '000 : 398,442, up to 1 month '000 : 43,749, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 223,565 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,295,760 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 741,247, over 5 years '000 : 1,132,771 group: off-balance sheet group: undrawn loan commitments, total '000 : 978,336, up to 1 month '000 : 978,336, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - group: guarantees issued, total '000 : 8,740, up to 1 month '000 : 8,740, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - table end.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued ii liquidity risk continued table: liquidity risk - group assets and liabilities 31 december 2022 category: assets category: cash and deposits with banks and mas, total '000 : 243,061, up to 1 month '000 : 127,157, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 29,975, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 85,929, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: statutory deposits with the mas, total '000 : 69,587, up to 1 month '000 : 69,587, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: singapore government securities and mas bills, total '000 : 335,017, up to 1 month '000 : 69,831, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 29,829, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 14,913, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 110,944, over 5 years '000 : 109,500 category: investment in equity securities, total '000 : 6,015, up to 1 month '000 : 6,015, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: loans and advances to customers, total '000 : 2,405,641, up to 1 month '000 : 352,984, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 112,217, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 243,390, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 769,080, over 5 years '000 : 927,970 category: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, total '000 : 3,543, up to 1 month '000 : 233, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 2,172, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,138, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: total assets , total '000 : 3,062,864, up to 1 month '000 : 625,807, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 174,193, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 345,370, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 880,024, over 5 years '000 : 1,037,470 category: liabilities category: deposits and balances of customers, total '000 : 2,601,466, up to 1 month '000 : 478,382, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 354,502, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,531,110, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 237,472, over 5 years '000 : - category: borrowings from mas, total '000 : 55,484, up to 1 month '000 : 12,375, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 10,975, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 32,134, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: other liabilities, total '000 : 29,501, up to 1 month '000 : 7,749, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 2,060, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 17,690, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 2,002, over 5 years '000 : - category: enterprise singapore loans, total '000 : 1,576, up to 1 month '000 : 13, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 30, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 270, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,263, over 5 years '000 : - category: total liabilities , total '000 : 2,688,027, up to 1 month '000 : 498,519, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 367,567, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,581,204, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 240,737, over 5 years '000 : - category: net liquidity surplus/ gap , total '000 : 374,837, up to 1 month '000 : 127,288, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 193,374 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,235,834 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 639,287, over 5 years '000 : 1,037,470 category: off-balance sheet category: undrawn loan commitments, total '000 : 770,180, up to 1 month '000 : 770,180, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: guarantees issued, total '000 : 8,740, up to 1 month '000 : 8,740, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - table end.
notes to financial statements: 31 december 2023 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued ii liquidity risk continued table: liquidity risk - company assets and liabilities 31 december 2023 category: assets category: cash and deposits with banks and mas, total '000 : 375,568, up to 1 month '000 : 211,642, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 16,992, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 146,934, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: statutory deposits with the mas, total '000 : 75,030, up to 1 month '000 : 75,030, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: singapore government securities and mas bills, total '000 : 451,023, up to 1 month '000 : 182,628, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 9,907, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 3,979, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 125,991, over 5 years '000 : 128,518 category: investment in equity securities, total '000 : 5,601, up to 1 month '000 : 5,601, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: loans and advances to customers, total '000 : 2,450,789, up to 1 month '000 : 384,055, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 150,300, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 261,107, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 651,074, over 5 years '000 : 1,004,253 category: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, total '000 : 9,103, up to 1 month '000 : 3,132, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 2,440, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 3,531, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: total assets , total '000 : 3,367,114, up to 1 month '000 : 862,088, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 179,639, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 415,551, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 777,065, over 5 years '000 : 1,132,771 category: liabilities category: deposits and balances of customers, total '000 : 2,906,946, up to 1 month '000 : 807,101, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 396,050, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,671,067, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 32,728, over 5 years '000 : - category: other liabilities, total '000 : 60,350, up to 1 month '000 : 11,581, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 7,148, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 40,486, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,135, over 5 years '000 : - category: enterprise singapore loans, total '000 : 1,977, up to 1 month '000 : -, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 7, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 15, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,955, over 5 years '000 : - category: total liabilities , total '000 : 2,969,273, up to 1 month '000 : 818,682, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 403,205, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,711,568, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 35,818, over 5 years '000 : - category: net liquidity surplus/ gap , total '000 : 397,841, up to 1 month '000 : 43,406, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 223,566 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,296,017 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 741,247, over 5 years '000 : 1,132,771 category: off-balance sheet category: undrawn loan commitments, total '000 : 978,336, up to 1 month '000 : 978,336, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - category: guarantees issued, total '000 : 8,740, up to 1 month '000 : 8,740, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - table end.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued ii liquidity risk continued table: liquidity risk as of december 31, 2022 company: assets company: cash and deposits with banks and mas, total '000 : 242,984, up to 1 month '000 : 127,080, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 29,975, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 85,929, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - company: statutory deposits with the mas, total '000 : 69,587, up to 1 month '000 : 69,587, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - company: singapore government securities and mas bills, total '000 : 335,017, up to 1 month '000 : 69,831, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 29,829, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 14,913, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 110,944, over 5 years '000 : 109,500 company: investment in equity securities, total '000 : 5,783, up to 1 month '000 : 5,783, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - company: loans and advances to customers, total '000 : 2,405,641, up to 1 month '000 : 352,984, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 112,217, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 243,390, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 769,080, over 5 years '000 : 927,970 company: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, total '000 : 3,543, up to 1 month '000 : 233, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 2,172, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,138, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - company: total assets , total '000 : 3,062,555, up to 1 month '000 : 625,498, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 174,193, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 345,370, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 880,024, over 5 years '000 : 1,037,470 company: liabilities company: deposits and balances of customers, total '000 : 2,602,243, up to 1 month '000 : 478,903, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 354,502, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,531,366, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 237,472, over 5 years '000 : - company: borrowings from mas, total '000 : 55,484, up to 1 month '000 : 12,375, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 10,975, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 32,134, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - company: other liabilities, total '000 : 28,999, up to 1 month '000 : 7,247, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 2,060, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 17,690, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 2,002, over 5 years '000 : - company: enterprise singapore loans, total '000 : 1,576, up to 1 month '000 : 13, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 30, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 270, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,263, over 5 years '000 : - company: total liabilities , total '000 : 2,688,302, up to 1 month '000 : 498,538, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 367,567, over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,581,460, over 1 to 5 years '000 : 240,737, over 5 years '000 : - company: net liquidity surplus/ gap , total '000 : 374,253, up to 1 month '000 : 126,960, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 193,374 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,236,090 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 639,287, over 5 years '000 : 1,037,470 company: off-balance sheet company: undrawn loan commitments, total '000 : 770,180, up to 1 month '000 : 770,180, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - company: guarantees issued, total '000 : 8,740, up to 1 month '000 : 8,740, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : -, over 5 years '000 : - table end.
notes to financial statements – 31 december 2023 b financial risk management policies and objectives continued ii liquidity risk continued the following is the expected contractual undiscounted cash outflow of financial liabilities, including interest payments: table: expected contractual undiscounted cash outflow of financial liabilities group: 31 december 2023 group: deposits and balances of customers, carrying amount '000 : 2,906,162, gross nominal outflow '000 : 2,951,818 , up to 1 month '000 : 808,454 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 398,920 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,710,899 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 33,545 group: borrowings from mas, carrying amount '000 : -, gross nominal outflow '000 : -, up to 1 month '000 : -, over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : - group: other liabilities, carrying amount '000 : 60,835, gross nominal outflow '000 : 60,835 , up to 1 month '000 : 12,066 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 7,146 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 40,487 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,136 group: enterprise singapore loans, carrying amount '000 : 1,977, gross nominal outflow '000 : 2,022 , up to 1 month '000 : -, over 1 to 3 months '000 : 7 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 15 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 2,000 group: total liabilities , carrying amount '000 : 2,968,974 , gross nominal outflow '000 : 3,014,675 , up to 1 month '000 : 820,520 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 406,073 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,751,401 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 36,681 group: undrawn loan commitments, carrying amount '000 : 978,336, gross nominal outflow '000 : 978,336 , up to 1 month '000 : 978,336 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : - group: 31 december 2022 group: deposits and balances of customers, carrying amount '000 : 2,601,466, gross nominal outflow '000 : 2,645,613 , up to 1 month '000 : 478,879 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 356,156 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,565,977 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 244,601 group: borrowings from mas, carrying amount '000 : 55,484, gross nominal outflow '000 : 55,595 , up to 1 month '000 : 12,400 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 10,997 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 32,198 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : - group: other liabilities, carrying amount '000 : 29,501, gross nominal outflow '000 : 29,501 , up to 1 month '000 : 7,748 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 2,060 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 17,690 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 2,003 group: enterprise singapore loans, carrying amount '000 : 1,576, gross nominal outflow '000 : 1,612 , up to 1 month '000 : 13 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 32 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 278 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,289 group: total liabilities , carrying amount '000 : 2,688,027 , gross nominal outflow '000 : 2,732,321 , up to 1 month '000 : 499,040 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : 369,245 , over 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,616,143 , over 1 to 5 years '000 : 247,893 group: undrawn loan commitments, carrying amount '000 : 770,180, gross nominal outflow '000 : 770,180 , up to 1 month '000 : 770,180 , over 1 to 3 months '000 : -, over 3 to 12 months '000 : -, over 1 to 5 years '000 : - table end.
notes to financial statements – liquidity risk b financial risk management policies and objectives continued ii liquidity risk continued table: liquidity risk - maturity profile of assets and liabilities in '000 item: 31 december 2023 item: deposits and balances of customers, carrying amount: 2,906,946, gross nominal outflow: 2,952,605 , up to 1 month: 808,983 , over 1 to 3 months: 398,920 , over 3 to 12 months: 1,711,157 , over 1 to 5 years: 33,545 item: borrowings from mas, carrying amount: -, gross nominal outflow: -, up to 1 month: -, over 1 to 3 months: -, over 3 to 12 months: -, over 1 to 5 years: - item: other liabilities, carrying amount: 60,350, gross nominal outflow: 60,350 , up to 1 month: 11,581 , over 1 to 3 months: 7,146 , over 3 to 12 months: 40,487 , over 1 to 5 years: 1,136 item: enterprise singapore loans, carrying amount: 1,977, gross nominal outflow: 2,022 , up to 1 month: -, over 1 to 3 months: 7 , over 3 to 12 months: 15 , over 1 to 5 years: 2,000 item: total liabilities , carrying amount: 2,969,273 , gross nominal outflow: 3,014,977 , up to 1 month: 820,564 , over 1 to 3 months: 406,073 , over 3 to 12 months: 1,751,659 , over 1 to 5 years: 36,681 item: undrawn loan commitments, carrying amount: 978,336, gross nominal outflow: 978,336 , up to 1 month: 978,336 , over 1 to 3 months: -, over 3 to 12 months: -, over 1 to 5 years: - item: 31 december 2022 item: deposits and balances of customers, carrying amount: 2,602,243, gross nominal outflow: 2,646,390 , up to 1 month: 479,400 , over 1 to 3 months: 356,156 , over 3 to 12 months: 1,566,233 , over 1 to 5 years: 244,601 item: borrowings from mas, carrying amount: 55,484, gross nominal outflow: 55,595 , up to 1 month: 12,400 , over 1 to 3 months: 10,997 , over 3 to 12 months: 32,198 , over 1 to 5 years: - item: other liabilities, carrying amount: 28,999, gross nominal outflow: 28,999 , up to 1 month: 7,246 , over 1 to 3 months: 2,060 , over 3 to 12 months: 17,690 , over 1 to 5 years: 2,003 item: enterprise singapore loans, carrying amount: 1,576, gross nominal outflow: 1,612 , up to 1 month: 13 , over 1 to 3 months: 32 , over 3 to 12 months: 278 , over 1 to 5 years: 1,289 item: total liabilities , carrying amount: 2,688,302 , gross nominal outflow: 2,732,596 , up to 1 month: 499,059 , over 1 to 3 months: 369,245 , over 3 to 12 months: 1,616,399 , over 1 to 5 years: 247,893 item: undrawn loan commitments, carrying amount: 770,180, gross nominal outflow: 770,180 , up to 1 month: 770,180 , over 1 to 3 months: -, over 3 to 12 months: -, over 1 to 5 years: - table end.
actual maturity dates may differ from contractual maturity dates due to behavioral patterns such as premature redemption of deposits and savings accounts of customers.
the negative net liquidity gap for the maturity band for up to 12 months as at 31 december 2023 2022: up to 12 months is due to the fact that most of the fixed deposits constituting the main liability on the group’s statement of financial position have relatively shorter maturity periods of up to 12 months as at 31 december 2023 2022: up to 12 months , as compared to the tenures of loans and advances which constitute the group’s main asset.
in addition, the table does not reflect the expected cash flows indicated by the group’s deposit retention history.
on a quarterly basis, the quarterly liquidity stress test is done based on varying renewal rates to evaluate if the net liquidity gap is at an acceptable level.
the stress test in 2023 concluded that the liquidity gap was at an acceptable level.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iii market risk 1 interest rate risk the group’s core operations are deposit taking and extension of credit facilities.
the group’s exposure to interest rate risk results from potential changes in value of these assets and liabilities as a result of movements in interest rates in the financial market in which it operates.
as interest rates change over time, the group may be exposed to a loss in earnings due to effects of fixed and floating interest rates of these assets and liabilities.
as such, the interest rate spread between these two activities is monitored closely on an ongoing basis to optimise its yields and manage its risk within the risk tolerance levels set by the rmc and the board.
the interest rate working committee “irwc” is tasked to track market interest rate trends, plan and manage product mix, product pricing and re-pricing strategies.
the rmc meets periodically to review the interest rate repricing gap report and interest rate sensitivity analysis to ensure that they are within risk tolerance and limits set, and to make decisions on appropriate mitigation actions to be taken in anticipation of changes in market trends.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iii market risk continued 1 interest rate risk continued in respect of interest-earning financial assets and interest-bearing financial liabilities, the following table indicates their effective weighted average interest rates at the end of the reporting period and the periods in which they reprice, or if earlier, the dates on which the instruments mature.
table: interest rate risk - effective weighted average interest rates group: financial assets group: cash and deposits with banks and mas, effective weighted average interest % : 3.97%, non-interest bearing $'000 : 1,650, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 227,041, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 146,935, total $'000 : 375,626 group: statutory deposits with the mas, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 75,030, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 75,030 group: singapore government securities and mas bills, effective weighted average interest % : 1.62%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 192,535, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 3,979, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 125,991, 5 years $'000 : 128,518, total $'000 : 451,023 group: investment in equity securities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 5,845, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 5,845 group: loans and advances to customers, effective weighted average interest % : 4.19%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 1,591,303, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 171,846, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 501,020, 5 years $'000 : 186,620, total $'000 : 2,450,789 group: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 9,103, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 9,103 group: total financial assets , non-interest bearing $'000 : 91,628, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 2,010,879, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 322,760, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 627,011, 5 years $'000 : 315,138, total $'000 : 3,367,416 group: financial liabilities group: deposits and balances of customers, effective weighted average interest % : 3.29%, non-interest bearing $'000 : 100,700, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 1,101,924, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 1,670,810, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 32,728, total $'000 : 2,906,162 group: other liabilities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 60,835, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 60,835 group: enterprise singapore loans, effective weighted average interest % : 2.27%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 7, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 15, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 1,955, total $'000 : 1,977 group: borrowings from mas, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : - group: total financial liabilities , non-interest bearing $'000 : 161,535, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 1,101,931, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 1,670,825, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 34,683, total $'000 : 2,968,974 table end.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iii market risk continued 1 interest rate risk continued table: interest rate risk exposure group: 31 december 2022 group: financial assets group: cash and deposits with banks and mas, effective weighted average interest % : 2.09%, non-interest bearing $'000 : 3,213, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 153,919, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 85,929, total $'000 : 243,061 group: statutory deposits with the mas, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 69,587, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 69,587 group: singapore government securities and mas bills, effective weighted average interest % : 1.99%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 99,660, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 14,913, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 110,944, 5 years $'000 : 109,500, total $'000 : 335,017 group: investment in equity securities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 6,015, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 6,015 group: loans and advances to customers, effective weighted average interest % : 2.92%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 1,037,140, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 626,600, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 578,861, 5 years $'000 : 163,040, total $'000 : 2,405,641 group: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 3,543, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 3,543 group: financial liabilities group: deposits and balances of customers, effective weighted average interest % : 2.59%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 734,221, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 1,531,110, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 237,472, total $'000 : 2,601,466 group: other liabilities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 29,501, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, total $'000 : 29,501 group: enterprise singapore loans, effective weighted average interest % : 2.28%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 43, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 270, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 1,263, total $'000 : 1,576 group: borrowings from mas, effective weighted average interest % : 0.10%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 23,350, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 32,134, 1 to 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 55,484 group: totals , non-interest bearing $'000 : 128,164, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 757,614, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 1,563,514, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 238,735, total $'000 : 2,688,027 table end.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iii market risk continued 1 interest rate risk continued table: interest rate risk exposure company: financial assets 31 december 2023 company: cash and deposits with banks and mas, effective weighted average interest % : 3.97%, non-interest bearing '000 : 1,592, 0 to 3 months '000 : 227,041, 3 to 12 months '000 : 146,935, total '000 : 375,568 company: statutory deposits with the mas, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing '000 : 75,030, 0 to 3 months '000 : -, 3 to 12 months '000 : -, total '000 : 75,030 company: singapore government securities and mas bills, effective weighted average interest % : 1.62%, non-interest bearing '000 : -, 0 to 3 months '000 : 192,535, 3 to 12 months '000 : 3,979, 1 to 5 years '000 : 125,991, 5 years '000 : 128,518, total '000 : 451,023 company: investment in equity securities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing '000 : 5,601, 0 to 3 months '000 : -, 3 to 12 months '000 : -, total '000 : 5,601 company: loans and advances to customers, effective weighted average interest % : 4.19%, non-interest bearing '000 : -, 0 to 3 months '000 : 1,591,303, 3 to 12 months '000 : 171,846, 1 to 5 years '000 : 501,020, 5 years '000 : 186,620, total '000 : 2,450,789 company: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing '000 : 9,103, 0 to 3 months '000 : -, 3 to 12 months '000 : -, total '000 : 9,103 company: financial liabilities company: deposits and balances of customers, effective weighted average interest % : 3.29%, non-interest bearing '000 : 100,700, 0 to 3 months '000 : 1,102,452, 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,671,066, 1 to 5 years '000 : 32,728, total '000 : 2,906,946 company: other liabilities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing '000 : 60,350, 0 to 3 months '000 : -, 3 to 12 months '000 : -, total '000 : 60,350 company: enterprise singapore loans, effective weighted average interest % : 2.27%, non-interest bearing '000 : -, 0 to 3 months '000 : 7, 3 to 12 months '000 : 15, 1 to 5 years '000 : 1,955, total '000 : 1,977 company: borrowings from mas, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing '000 : -, 0 to 3 months '000 : -, 3 to 12 months '000 : -, total '000 : - company: total , non-interest bearing '000 : 161,050, 0 to 3 months '000 : 1,102,459, 3 to 12 months '000 : 1,671,081, 1 to 5 years '000 : 34,683, total '000 : 2,969,273 table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iii market risk continued 1 interest rate risk continued table: interest rate risk exposure company: 31 december 2022 financial assets company: cash and deposits with banks and mas, effective weighted average interest % : 2.09%, non-interest bearing $'000 : 3,136, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 153,919, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 85,929, total $'000 : 242,984 company: statutory deposits with the mas, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 69,587, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, 1 to 5 years $'000 : -, 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 69,587 company: singapore government securities and mas bills, effective weighted average interest % : 1.99%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 99,660, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 14,913, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 110,944, 5 years $'000 : 109,500, total $'000 : 335,017 company: investment in equity securities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 5,783, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, 1 to 5 years $'000 : -, 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 5,783 company: loans and advances to customers, effective weighted average interest % : 2.92%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 1,037,140, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 626,600, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 578,861, 5 years $'000 : 163,040, total $'000 : 2,405,641 company: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 3,543, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, 1 to 5 years $'000 : -, 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 3,543 company: total financial assets , non-interest bearing $'000 : 82,049, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 1,290,719, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 727,442, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 689,805, 5 years $'000 : 272,540, total $'000 : 3,062,555 company: 31 december 2022 financial liabilities company: deposits and balances of customers, effective weighted average interest % : 2.59%, non-interest bearing $'000 : 98,663, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 734,742, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 1,531,366, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 237,472, 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 2,602,243 company: other liabilities, effective weighted average interest % : -, non-interest bearing $'000 : 28,999, 0 to 3 months $'000 : -, 3 to 12 months $'000 : -, 1 to 5 years $'000 : -, 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 28,999 company: enterprise singapore loans, effective weighted average interest % : 2.28%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 43, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 23,350, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 32,134, 5 years $'000 : 1,263, total $'000 : 55,484 company: borrowings from mas, effective weighted average interest % : 0.10%, non-interest bearing $'000 : -, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 23,350, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 32,134, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 1,263, 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 55,484 company: total financial liabilities , non-interest bearing $'000 : 127,662, 0 to 3 months $'000 : 758,135, 3 to 12 months $'000 : 1,563,770, 1 to 5 years $'000 : 238,735, 5 years $'000 : -, total $'000 : 2,688,302 table end.
4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iii market risk continued 1 interest rate risk continued interest rate sensitivity analysis a 100 basis point increase or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.
as at 31 december 2023, a 100 basis points increase/ decrease in the interest rate at the end of the reporting period would increase/ decrease profit by $173,000 2022: increase/ decrease profit by $856,000 and decrease /increase fair value reserves by $4,510,000 2022: decrease /increase fair value reserves by $3,350,000 mainly a result of the changes in the fair value of fvoci fixed rate instruments.
2 equity price risk on investments market risk is the risk that the value of a portfolio will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk factors.
the market risk factors are credit spreads, interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and their associated volatility.
the objective of market risk management is to manage and control the group's market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return on its investments.
the group adopts a prudent investment policy to generate a stable yearly return with minimal downside in capital loss.
in addition, as these investments are held for a long term basis, the risk of price fluctuation is mitigated.
the group's investment portfolio comprises mainly singapore government securities and securities listed on the singapore exchange securities trading limited sgx . 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iii market risk continued 2 equity price risk on investments continued singapore government securities “sgs” & mas bills the group purchases sgs and mas bills as part of its liquid assets for the purpose of maintaining the minimum liquid assets required under the finance companies act 1967. securities listed on the sgx acceptable securities include stocks and shares, bonds and such other financial derivative instruments of any companies which are listed on the sgx.
the board of directors is responsible for formulating investment policy, strategies and guidelines and periodically reviews the investment portfolio.
the group adopts a prudent investment policy and invests in reputable companies with substantial market capitalisation, acceptable valuation, good operating track record and consistent dividend payout.
these investments are held generally for dividend income and capital appreciation.
the group is exposed to equity risks arising from equity investments classified as fvoci.
equity investments are not held for trading purposes.
the group does not actively trade fvoci investments.
as at 31 december 2023, a 10% increase/ decrease in the equity prices at the end of the reporting period would increase/ decrease fair value reserves by $585,000 2022: increase/ decrease fair value reserves by $601,000 . the group’s net profit for the year ended 31 december 2023 would have been unaffected as the quoted equity securities are classified as fvoci and any gain on disposal would not be recycled to profit or loss.
iv operational risk operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems, or from external events.
potential loss may be in the form of financial loss or other damages, for example, loss of reputation and public confidence that will impact the group’s credibility and ability to transact, maintain liquidity and develop new businesses.
4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iv operational risk continued the operational risk framework uses several tools, including operational risk event management and key risk indicator monitoring to manage and control operational risk.
to proactively manage operational risk, the group uses risk control self-assessment and process risk mapping to identify and resolve material weaknesses in existing operations.
in addition, all policy changes, new products, and outsourcing arrangements are subjected to approval by the rmc to ensure checks and controls are adequate and risks are adequately mitigated.
the rmc reviews all material outsourcing arrangements before the appointment of the vendors to ensure due diligence is carried out to determine the vendor's viability, capability, track record and financial position.
periodical reviews of existing material outsourcing arrangements are also subject to the rmc's approval.
the rmc reviews and approves all business continuity plans “bcps” to ensure that they cover reasonably estimated and probable events that could significantly impact the normal operations of the group.
rmd makes recommendations to the rmc to enhance the business continuity management “bcm” policies and procedures and carries out periodical bcp tests and ensures disaster recovery “dr” arrangements and tests are adequate.
all units and operations of the group are subjected to compliance testing by the compliance department and inspection by the internal auditors who prioritize their audit tasks by developing a risk-based audit plan.
the compliance testing and internal audit plans for the year are approved by the rmc and the group's audit committee respectively.
the objectives of such periodic reviews undertaken by the internal auditor and the compliance department are to assist the management in assessing and evaluating the internal controls of the group.
the findings of the internal audit and the compliance teams are discussed with the heads of the business and operation units and submitted to the group’s management for information and action.
the internal auditor’s independent summary reports are tabled for the deliberation of the group’s audit committee before any recommendation of follow up action is made to the board of directors.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued v fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities in assessing the fair value of financial instruments, the group uses a variety of methods and makes assumptions that are based on market conditions existing at the end of each reporting period.
although the management has employed its best judgment in the estimation of fair values, there is inevitably a significant element of subjectivity involved in the calculations.
therefore, the fair value estimates presented below are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the group could have realised in a transaction as at 31 december 2023. methodologies the methodologies and assumptions used depend on the terms and risk characteristics of the various instruments and include the following: 1 liquid assets the carrying values of certain on-balance sheet financial instruments approximate fair values.
these include statutory deposits with the monetary authority of singapore, cash on deposit, at banks and in hand, and other receivables, deposits and prepayments.
these financial instruments are short-term in nature or are receivable on demand and the related amounts approximate fair value.
2 investments the fair values of quoted debt and equity securities are determined based on bid prices at the end of the reporting period without any deduction for transaction costs.
3 loans and advances the fair value of loans and advances that reprice within six months from the end of the reporting period approximates the carrying value.
the fair value of all other loans and advances were calculated using discounted cash flow techniques based on the maturity of the loans.
the discount rates are based on market related rates for similar types of loans at the end of the reporting period.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued iv fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities continued 4 deposits and other borrowings the fair value of non-interest bearing deposits, saving accounts, enterprise singapore loans and fixed deposits which mature within six months is estimated to be the carrying value at the end of the reporting period.
the fair value of the remaining interest bearing deposits and enterprise singapore loans were calculated using discounted cash flow techniques, based on its related maturity.
the discount rates are based on market related rates of enterprise singapore loans at the end of the reporting period.
the fair value of the borrowings from mas were calculated using discounted cash flow techniques, based on its related maturity.
the discount rates are based on market related rates of prevailing bank loans at the end of the reporting period.
5 guarantees and commitments to extend credit these financial instruments are generally not sold nor traded.
fair value of these items is considered insignificant for the following reasons: - commitments extending beyond six months that would commit the company to a predetermined rate of interest are insignificant; - the fees attached to these commitments are the same as those currently charged to enter into similar arrangements; and - the quantum of fees collected under these agreements, upon which a fair value would be based, is insignificant.
notes to financial statements continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued v fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities continued summary the following table provides an analysis of carrying and fair values for each item discussed above, where applicable, and the categories of financial instruments: table: analysis of carrying and fair values of financial instruments group: financial assets group: amortised costs: group: cash and deposits with banks and monetary authority of singapore "mas" , carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 375,626, fair value 2023 $'000 : 375,626, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 243,061, fair value 2022 $'000 : 243,061 group: statutory deposits with the mas, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 75,030, fair value 2023 $'000 : 75,030, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 69,587, fair value 2022 $'000 : 69,587 group: loans and advances, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, fair value 2023 $'000 : 2,455,897, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641, fair value 2022 $'000 : 2,359,616 group: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 9,103, fair value 2023 $'000 : 9,103, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 3,543, fair value 2022 $'000 : 3,543 group: at fvoci: group: singapore government securities and mas bills, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 451,023, fair value 2023 $'000 : 451,023, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 335,017, fair value 2022 $'000 : 335,017 group: investments in equity securities, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 5,845, fair value 2023 $'000 : 5,845, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 6,015, fair value 2022 $'000 : 6,015 group: total financial assets , carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 3,367,416 , fair value 2023 $'000 : 3,372,524 , carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 3,062,864 , fair value 2022 $'000 : 3,016,839 group: financial liabilities group: amortised costs: group: deposits and balances of customers, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 2,906,162, fair value 2023 $'000 : 2,939,864, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 2,601,466, fair value 2022 $'000 : 2,644,722 group: other liabilities, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 60,835, fair value 2023 $'000 : 60,835, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 29,501, fair value 2022 $'000 : 29,501 group: borrowings from mas, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : -, fair value 2023 $'000 : -, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 55,484, fair value 2022 $'000 : 55,484 group: enterprise singapore loans, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 1,977, fair value 2023 $'000 : 1,977, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 1,576, fair value 2022 $'000 : 1,576 group: total financial liabilities , carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 2,968,974 , fair value 2023 $'000 : 3,002,676 , carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 2,688,027 , fair value 2022 $'000 : 2,731,283 table end.
notes to financial statements continued b financial risk management policies and objectives continued v fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities continued table: fair value of financial assets and liabilities category: company financial assets category: amortised costs: category: cash and deposits, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 375,568, fair value 2023 $'000 : 375,568, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 242,984, fair value 2022 $'000 : 242,984 category: statutory deposits with mas, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 75,030, fair value 2023 $'000 : 75,030, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 69,587, fair value 2022 $'000 : 69,587 category: loans and advances, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789, fair value 2023 $'000 : 2,455,897, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641, fair value 2022 $'000 : 2,359,616 category: other receivables, etc., carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 9,103, fair value 2023 $'000 : 9,103, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 3,543, fair value 2022 $'000 : 3,543 category: at fvoci: category: singapore government securities and mas bills, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 451,023, fair value 2023 $'000 : 451,023, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 335,017, fair value 2022 $'000 : 335,017 category: investments in equity securities, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 5,601, fair value 2023 $'000 : 5,601, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 5,783, fair value 2022 $'000 : 5,783 category: total company financial assets , carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 3,367,114 , fair value 2023 $'000 : 3,372,222 , carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 3,062,555 , fair value 2022 $'000 : 3,016,530 category: company financial liabilities category: amortised costs: category: deposits and balances of customers, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 2,906,946, fair value 2023 $'000 : 2,940,653, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 2,602,243, fair value 2022 $'000 : 2,645,501 category: other liabilities, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 60,350, fair value 2023 $'000 : 60,350, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 28,999, fair value 2022 $'000 : 28,999 category: borrowings from mas, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : -, fair value 2023 $'000 : -, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 55,484, fair value 2022 $'000 : 55,484 category: enterprise singapore loans, carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 1,977, fair value 2023 $'000 : 1,977, carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 1,576, fair value 2022 $'000 : 1,576 category: total company financial liabilities , carrying amount 2023 $'000 : 2,969,273 , fair value 2023 $'000 : 3,002,980 , carrying amount 2022 $'000 : 2,688,302 , fair value 2022 $'000 : 2,731,560 table end.
notes to financial statements: financial instruments b financial risk management policies and objectives continued v fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities continued the table below provides an analysis of categorization of fair value measurements into the different levels of the fair value hierarchy: table: fair value hierarchy analysis group: 2023 group: financial instruments measured at fvoci: group: financial assets group: quoted equity securities, level 1 $'000 : 5,845, level 2 $'000 : -, level 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 5,845 group: singapore government securities and mas bills, level 1 $'000 : 451,023, level 2 $'000 : -, level 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 451,023 group: fair value of the group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis: group: financial assets group: loans and advances, level 1 $'000 : -, level 2 $'000 : 2,455,897, level 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 2,455,897 group: financial liabilities group: deposits and savings accounts of customers, level 1 $'000 : -, level 2 $'000 : -, level 3 $'000 : 2,939,864, total $'000 : 2,939,864 group: 2022 group: financial instruments measured at fvoci: group: financial assets group: quoted equity securities, level 1 $'000 : 6,015, level 2 $'000 : -, level 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 6,015 group: singapore government securities and mas bills, level 1 $'000 : 335,017, level 2 $'000 : -, level 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 335,017 group: fair value of the group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis: group: financial assets group: loans and advances, level 1 $'000 : -, level 2 $'000 : 2,359,616, level 3 $'000 : -, total $'000 : 2,359,616 group: financial liabilities group: deposits and savings accounts of customers, level 1 $'000 : -, level 2 $'000 : -, level 3 $'000 : 2,644,722, total $'000 : 2,644,722 table end.
notes to financial statements: fair value of financial assets and liabilities company 2023 table: fair value of financial assets 2023 level 1 $'000 : financial instruments measured at fvoci: table end.
fair value of the group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis: table: fair value of financial assets and liabilities non-recurring basis, 2023 financial assets: loans and advances, financial liabilities: deposits and savings accounts of customers financial assets: 2,455,897, financial liabilities: 2,940,653 table end.
company 2022 table: fair value of financial assets 2022 level 1 $'000 : financial instruments measured at fvoci: table end.
fair value of the group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis: table: fair value of financial assets and liabilities non-recurring basis, 2022 financial assets: loans and advances, financial liabilities: deposits and savings accounts of customers financial assets: 2,359,616, financial liabilities: 2,645,501 table end.
notes to financial statements 4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued c capital risk management policies and objectives the group maintains a capital adequacy ratio car in excess of the prescribed minimum regulatory requirement in accordance with mas notice to finance companies no.
832 “risk based capital adequacy requirements for finance companies incorporated in singapore” issued by the monetary authority of singapore mas . car is the percentage of adjusted core capital to total risk-weighted assets.
i the group's adjusted core capital includes share capital, statutory reserves, fair value reserve relating to unrealised losses on equity securities classified as fvoci and retained earnings.
ii risk-weighted assets are determined according to specified requirements by mas that seek to reflect the varying levels of risk attached to assets and off-balance sheet exposures.
the group's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to ensure investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the business as well as to generate an optimal return on its assets.
the group has complied with all externally imposed capital requirements throughout the year and there have been no material changes in the management of capital during the year.
table: group capital position at 31 december capital element: core capital, 2023 $'000 : 180,008, 2022 $'000 : 180,008 capital element: share capital, 2023 $'000 : 232,091, 2022 $'000 : 229,374 capital element: disclosed reserves, 2023 $'000 : 412,099, 2022 $'000 : 409,382 capital element: risk weighted assets, 2023 $'000 : 2,822,400, 2022 $'000 : 2,626,395 capital element: capital adequacy ratio % , 2023 $'000 : 14.6, 2022 $'000 : 15.6 table end.
there are no footnotes in the provided image.
4. financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management continued c capital risk management policies and objectives continued capital allocation the allocation of capital between specific operations and activities is, to a large extent, driven by optimisation of the return achieved on the capital allocated.
the amount of capital allocated to each activity is based primarily on the regulatory capital.
the group sets the internal guidelines for monitoring the mix of assets and liabilities.
the rmc reviews the assets portfolio and the compliance to the guidelines on a quarterly basis.
the board of directors monitors the group's performance and recommends the level of dividends to shareholders.
5. related company and related party transactions related company in these financial statements refer to the company's subsidiary.
related parties include entities with common direct or indirect shareholders and/or directors.
parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions.
transactions entered into by the group and the company with other related parties incurred in the ordinary course of business from time to time and at market value.
other than disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the transactions with directors of the company and other related parties are as follows: table: transactions with directors of the company and other related parties item: at 31 december item: a deposits, 2023 $'000 : 63,209, 2022 $'000 : 83,465 item: for the year ended 31 december item: b profit or loss transactions item: - interest expenses on deposits, 2023 $'000 : 3,371, 2022 $'000 : 812 item: - professional fee, 2023 $'000 : 8, 2022 $'000 : 4 item: - rental income, 2023 $'000 : 248, 2022 $'000 : 233 table end.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 6. other receivables, deposits and prepayments item: accrued interest receivables, 2023 $'000 : 9,103, 2022 $'000 : 3,543 item: prepaid commission, 2023 $'000 : 511, 2022 $'000 : 797 item: prepayments, deposits and other receivables, 2023 $'000 : 1,010, 2022 $'000 : 757 item: right of use assets, 2023 $'000 : 100, 2022 $'000 : 130 item: total , 2023 $'000 : 10,724 , 2022 $'000 : 5,227 table end.
interest receivables are recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets and debt instruments measured subsequently at amortised cost and at fvoci.
right of use assets table: right of use assets - cost and accumulated depreciation item: cost: item: at 1 january, 2023 $'000 : 141, 2022 $'000 : 132 item: additions, 2023 $'000 : -, 2022 $'000 : 128 item: adjustments, 2023 $'000 : -, 2022 $'000 : 119 item: at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 141, 2022 $'000 : 141 item: accumulated depreciation: item: at 1 january, 2023 $'000 : 11, 2022 $'000 : 86 item: depreciation, 2023 $'000 : 30, 2022 $'000 : 24 item: adjustments, 2023 $'000 : -, 2022 $'000 : 99 item: at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 41, 2022 $'000 : 11 item: carrying amount: item: at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 100, 2022 $'000 : 130 table end.
the company leases assets of office equipment with an average lease term of 5 years 2022: 5 years . notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 7. financial assets at fvoci debt instruments at fvoci: singapore government securities and mas bills table: debt instruments at fvoci category: singapore government securities and mas bills, 2023 $'000 : 451,023, 2022 $'000 : 335,017 table end.
the singapore government securities and mas bills are not held for trading.
they are held for medium to long-term purposes.
management has elected to designate these instruments as at fvoci because they believe that recognizing short-term fluctuations in their fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the group's strategy of holding these instruments for liquidity purposes.
debt instruments are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
changes in the carrying amount resulting from impairment gains or losses, and interest income calculated using the effective interest method , are recognized in profit or loss.
amounts recognized in profit or loss are the same as those that would have been recognized if the debt instruments had been measured at amortized cost.
all other changes in the carrying amount are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of fair value reserve.
when these debt instruments are derecognized, cumulative gains or losses previously recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.
equity securities at fvoci: table: equity securities at fvoci category: quoted equity securities, 2023 group, $'000 : 5,845, 2022 group, $'000 : 6,015, 2023 company, $'000 : 5,601, 2022 company, $'000 : 5,783 category: unquoted equity investments, 2023 group, $'000 : 121, 2022 group, $'000 : 121, 2023 company, $'000 : 121, 2022 company, $'000 : 121 category: net change in fair value of unquoted investments at fvoci, 2023 group, $'000 : 121 , 2022 group, $'000 : 121 , 2023 company, $'000 : 121 , 2022 company, $'000 : 121 category: total , 2023 group, $'000 : 5,845 , 2022 group, $'000 : 6,015 , 2023 company, $'000 : 5,601 , 2022 company, $'000 : 5,783 table end.
these investments in equity securities are not held for trading; instead, they are held for medium to long-term purposes with unquoted equity securities held only for the long term . management has made an irrevocable election on an instrument-by-instrument basis to designate these investments as at fvoci because they believe that recognizing short-term fluctuations in their fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the group's strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realizing their performance potential in the long run.
investments in equity instruments at fvoci are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
subsequently, they are measured at fair value, with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve.
the cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments; instead, they will be transferred to retained earnings.
no impairment loss is recognized on equity investments.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 8. loans and advances group and company item: housing, factoring receivables and other loans, 2023 $'000 : 1,876,991, 2022 $'000 : 1,837,010 item: hire purchase receivables, 2023 $'000 : 634,642, 2022 $'000 : 629,415 item: unearned interests and charges, 2023 $'000 : 56,484 , 2022 $'000 : 49,339 item: allowances for impairment on loans and advances, 2023 $'000 : 4,360 , 2022 $'000 : 11,445 item: total , 2023 $'000 : 2,450,789 , 2022 $'000 : 2,405,641 table end.
due within 12 months 2,450,789 due after 12 months 2,405,641 movements in allowances for impairment on loans and advances are as follows: group and company item: stage 3 loss allowance item: at 1 january, 2023 $'000 : 7,866, 2022 $'000 : 8,736 item: write back of impairment losses during the year, 2023 $'000 : 7,054 , 2022 $'000 : 708 item: receivables written off against allowances, 2023 $'000 : 31 , 2022 $'000 : 162 item: at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 781, 2022 $'000 : 7,866 item: stage 1 and 2 loss allowance item: at 1 january, 2023 $'000 : 3,579, 2022 $'000 : 3,166 item: allowances for impairment losses during the year, 2023 $'000 : -, 2022 $'000 : 413 item: at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 3,579, 2022 $'000 : 3,579 item: total allowances for impairment on loans and advances item: at 1 january, 2023 $'000 : 11,445, 2022 $'000 : 11,902 item: at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 4,360, 2022 $'000 : 11,445 table end.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 8. loans and advances continued the hire purchase receivables are as follows: table: hire purchase receivables date: 31 dec 2023 date: within 1 year, gross $'000: 38,802, interest $'000: 349, principal $'000: 38,453 date: after 1 year but within 5 years, gross $'000: 431,409, interest $'000: 31,340, principal $'000: 400,069 date: after 5 years, gross $'000: 164,431, interest $'000: 23,049, principal $'000: 141,382 date: total , gross $'000: 634,642 , interest $'000: 54,738 , principal $'000: 579,904 date: 31 dec 2022 date: within 1 year, gross $'000: 31,636, interest $'000: 249, principal $'000: 31,387 date: after 1 year but within 5 years, gross $'000: 460,710, interest $'000: 29,796, principal $'000: 430,914 date: after 5 years, gross $'000: 137,069, interest $'000: 17,205, principal $'000: 119,864 date: total , gross $'000: 629,415 , interest $'000: 47,250 , principal $'000: 582,165 table end.
the group's and company's leasing arrangements comprise hire purchase contracts mainly for motor vehicles and equipment.
9. property, plant and equipment table: property, plant and equipment item: cost: item: at 1 january 2022, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 15,321, freehold land and buildings $'000: 8,530, furniture and office equipment $'000: 547, motor vehicles $'000: 1,070, renovation $'000: 2,839, computers $'000: 8,793, total $'000: 37,100 item: additions, leasehold land and buildings $'000: -, freehold land and buildings $'000: -, furniture and office equipment $'000: 62, motor vehicles $'000: -, renovation $'000: 7, computers $'000: 1,111, total $'000: 1,180 item: disposal/write off, leasehold land and buildings $'000: -, freehold land and buildings $'000: -, furniture and office equipment $'000: 26 , motor vehicles $'000: -, renovation $'000: -, computers $'000: 12 , total $'000: 38 item: at 31 december 2022, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 15,321, freehold land and buildings $'000: 8,530, furniture and office equipment $'000: 583, motor vehicles $'000: 1,070, renovation $'000: 2,846, computers $'000: 9,892, total $'000: 38,242 item: additions, leasehold land and buildings $'000: -, freehold land and buildings $'000: -, furniture and office equipment $'000: 480, motor vehicles $'000: 572, renovation $'000: -, computers $'000: -, total $'000: 1,052 item: adjustments, leasehold land and buildings $'000: -, freehold land and buildings $'000: -, furniture and office equipment $'000: 4 , motor vehicles $'000: 368 , renovation $'000: 8 , computers $'000: 211 , total $'000: 583 item: at 31 december 2023, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 15,321, freehold land and buildings $'000: 8,530, furniture and office equipment $'000: 579, motor vehicles $'000: 1,182, renovation $'000: 2,838, computers $'000: 10,253, total $'000: 38,703 item: accumulated depreciation: item: at 1 january 2022, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 2,901, freehold land and buildings $'000: 2,497, furniture and office equipment $'000: 470, motor vehicles $'000: 572, renovation $'000: 2,578, computers $'000: 4,518, total $'000: 13,536 item: depreciation for the year, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 140, freehold land and buildings $'000: 218, furniture and office equipment $'000: 41, motor vehicles $'000: 127, renovation $'000: 133, computers $'000: 1,363, total $'000: 2,022 item: disposal/write off, leasehold land and buildings $'000: -, freehold land and buildings $'000: -, furniture and office equipment $'000: 26 , motor vehicles $'000: -, renovation $'000: -, computers $'000: 12 , total $'000: 38 item: at 31 december 2022, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 3,041, freehold land and buildings $'000: 2,715, furniture and office equipment $'000: 485, motor vehicles $'000: 699, renovation $'000: 2,711, computers $'000: 5,869, total $'000: 15,520 item: depreciation for the year, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 140, freehold land and buildings $'000: 218, furniture and office equipment $'000: 37, motor vehicles $'000: 195, renovation $'000: 78, computers $'000: 1,337, total $'000: 2,005 item: disposal/write off, leasehold land and buildings $'000: -, freehold land and buildings $'000: -, furniture and office equipment $'000: 4 , motor vehicles $'000: 368 , renovation $'000: -, computers $'000: 211 , total $'000: 583 item: at 31 december 2023, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 3,181, freehold land and buildings $'000: 2,933, furniture and office equipment $'000: 518, motor vehicles $'000: 526, renovation $'000: 2,789, computers $'000: 6,995, total $'000: 16,942 item: carrying amount: item: at 31 december 2023, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 12,140, freehold land and buildings $'000: 5,597, furniture and office equipment $'000: 61, motor vehicles $'000: 656, renovation $'000: 49, computers $'000: 3,258, total $'000: 21,761 item: at 31 december 2022, leasehold land and buildings $'000: 12,280, freehold land and buildings $'000: 5,815, furniture and office equipment $'000: 98, motor vehicles $'000: 371, renovation $'000: 135, computers $'000: 4,023, total $'000: 22,722 table end.
9. property, plant and equipment continued property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
freehold land is not depreciated.
depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following bases: freehold land: no depreciation leasehold land: remaining life of the lease buildings: shorter of 50 years or remaining life of the lease furniture and office equipment: 5 years motor vehicles: 5 years renovation: 5 years computers: 3 to 8 years the estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
the gain or loss arising on disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amounts of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.
10. investment properties table: investment properties data 2022-2023 : at cost: : at 1 january & 31 dec, 2023 $'000 : 28,794, 2022 $'000 : 28,794 : accumulated depreciation: : at 1 january, 2023 $'000 : 7,363, 2022 $'000 : 6,985 : depreciation charge for the year, 2023 $'000 : 377, 2022 $'000 : 378 : at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 7,740, 2022 $'000 : 7,363 : carrying amount: : at 31 december, 2023 $'000 : 21,054, 2022 $'000 : 21,431 table end.
the investment properties relate to the office spaces at the head office and part of the premise at the bedok branch which are leased to a related party and third parties for rental.
each of the leases contains an initial non-cancellable period of 2 to 3 years.
subsequent renewals are negotiated with the lessees.
the properties are held either to earn rental income or capital appreciation or both.
investment property is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of the asset.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 10. investment properties continued depreciation on the investment properties is recognized in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives as follows: freehold land: no depreciation leasehold land: remaining life of the lease buildings: shorter of 50 years or remaining life of the lease depreciation methods, useful lives, and residual values are reviewed and adjusted as appropriate at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
fully depreciated assets still in use are retained in the financial statements.
fair value measurement of the group's leasehold land and buildings the group's land and buildings are stated at cost less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses.
the fair value measurements of the group's leasehold land and buildings as at 31 december 2023 and 31 december 2022 were performed by independent valuers not connected with the group, who have appropriate qualifications and recent experience in the fair value measurement of the properties in the relevant locations.
the fair value of the leasehold land and building of the 17-storey office building at 96 robinson road, singapore 068899, were determined based on the direct comparison method, which makes comparison with transactions of similar properties in comparable localities.
the fair value of the leasehold land and building of block 202, bedok north street 1, 01-479 to 485, singapore 460202, was determined based on the direct comparison method and income method.
the fair value was cross-checked using the income capitalization method, which is based on capitalization of estimated annual market rent after deducting property tax and other relevant expenses.
in estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
there has been no change to the valuation technique during the year.
management considers that certain inputs used in the fair value measurement of the group's leasehold land and buildings are sensitive to the fair value measurement.
a change in these inputs will have a corresponding increase/decrease in the fair valuation.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 10. investment properties continued details of the group's leasehold land and buildings and information about the fair value hierarchy as at 31 december 2023 are as follows: a 17-storey office building at 96 robinson road, singapore, 068899: on freehold and leasehold land, with an estimated gross floor area of 7,844.38 square metres.
approximately 38.23% 2022: 38.23% of the lettable space is used as the head office of the company and the remaining area is for rental.
tenure of lease is 99 years commencing 1 october 1996. a shop at block 202, bedok north street 1, 01-479 to 485, singapore 460202: with a floor area of approximately 267 square metres on leasehold land.
approximately 50% 2022: 50% of the lettable space is used as branch premises of the company and the remaining area is for rental.
tenure of lease is 86 years commencing 1 july 1992. table: fair value of investment properties property description: 17-storey office building at 96 robinson road, singapore, level 1 $'000 : -, level 2 $'000 : 105,009, level 3 $'000 : -, fair value as at 31 december 2023 $'000 : 105,009, fair value as at 31 december 2022 $'000 : 105,009 property description: shop at block 202, bedok north street 1, singapore, level 1 $'000 : -, level 2 $'000 : 2,500, level 3 $'000 : -, fair value as at 31 december 2023 $'000 : 2,500, fair value as at 31 december 2022 $'000 : 2,500 property description: total , level 1 $'000 : -, level 2 $'000 : 107,509 , level 3 $'000 : -, fair value as at 31 december 2023 $'000 : 107,509 , fair value as at 31 december 2022 $'000 : 107,509 table end.
the fair value of the entire 17-storey office building at 96 robinson road, singapore 068899, is $170,000,000 2022: $170,000,000 . the fair value of the shop at block 202, bedok north street 1, 01-479 to 485, singapore 460202, is $5,000,000 2022: $5,000,000 . 11. subsidiary unquoted equity investments, at cost: $'000 2023: 25; 2022: 25 details of the subsidiary are as follows: name of subsidiary: sing investments & finance nominees pte.
ltd.
principal activity: nominee services country of incorporation/business: singapore proportion of ownership interest: 100% 2022: 100% the subsidiary is audited by deloitte & touche llp, singapore.
12. deferred tax assets/ liabilities movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows: table: deferred tax asset/liability movements category: group category: deferred tax assets liabilities category: employee benefits, 1 january 2022 $'000 : 42, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 14 , recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 28, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 1, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2023 $'000 : 29 category: property, plant and equipment, 1 january 2022 $'000 : 745 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 52, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 693 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 132, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2023 $'000 : 561 category: investments, 1 january 2022 $'000 : 1,263 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : -, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 3,183, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 1,920, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : -, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 857 , 31 december 2023 $'000 : 1,063 category: total group , 1 january 2022 $'000 : 1,966 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 38, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 3,183, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 1,255, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 133, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 857 , 31 december 2023 $'000 : 531 category: company category: deferred tax assets liabilities category: employee benefits, 1 january 2022 $'000 : 42, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 14 , recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 28, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 1, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2023 $'000 : 29 category: property, plant and equipment, 1 january 2022 $'000 : 745 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 52, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 693 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 132, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : -, 31 december 2023 $'000 : 561 category: investments, 1 january 2022 $'000 : 1,229 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : -, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 3,178, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 1,949, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : -, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 855 , 31 december 2023 $'000 : 1,094 category: total company , 1 january 2022 $'000 : 1,932 , recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 38, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 3,178, 31 december 2022 $'000 : 1,284, recognised in profit or loss for the year $'000 : 133, recognised in other comprehensive income $'000 : 855 , 31 december 2023 $'000 : 562 table end.
refer to note 23 for more details on deferred tax.
notes to financial statements – 31 december 2023 13. deposits and balances of customers category: fixed deposits, group 2023 $'000 : 2,654,740, group 2022 $'000 : 2,370,233, company 2023 $'000 : 2,654,740, company 2022 $'000 : 2,370,233 category: fixed deposits and current accounts from subsidiary, group 2023 $'000 : 773, group 2022 $'000 : 766, company 2023 $'000 : 773, company 2022 $'000 : 766 category: savings accounts and other balances with customers, group 2023 $'000 : 234,772, group 2022 $'000 : 207,134, company 2023 $'000 : 234,783, company 2022 $'000 : 207,145 category: project accounts, group 2023 $'000 : 16,650, group 2022 $'000 : 24,099, company 2023 $'000 : 16,650, company 2022 $'000 : 24,099 category: total , group 2023 $'000 : 2,906,162 , group 2022 $'000 : 2,601,466 , company 2023 $'000 : 2,906,946 , company 2022 $'000 : 2,602,243 table end.
14. other liabilities category: accrued interest payable, group 2023 $'000 : 47,824, group 2022 $'000 : 13,359, company 2023 $'000 : 47,826, company 2022 $'000 : 13,360 category: accrued operating expenses, group 2023 $'000 : 9,603, group 2022 $'000 : 8,609, company 2023 $'000 : 9,587, company 2022 $'000 : 8,600 category: amount due to subsidiary, group 2023 $'000 : 53, group 2022 $'000 : 24, company 2023 $'000 : 53, company 2022 $'000 : 24 category: deposits for safe deposit boxes and rental deposits, group 2023 $'000 : 870, group 2022 $'000 : 836, company 2023 $'000 : 870, company 2022 $'000 : 836 category: unclaimed dividends, group 2023 $'000 : 641, group 2022 $'000 : 632, company 2023 $'000 : 117, company 2022 $'000 : 114 category: lease liabilities, group 2023 $'000 : 102, group 2022 $'000 : 130, company 2023 $'000 : 102, company 2022 $'000 : 130 category: deferred income from rental, group 2023 $'000 : 205, group 2022 $'000 : 211, company 2023 $'000 : 205, company 2022 $'000 : 211 category: others, group 2023 $'000 : 1,590, group 2022 $'000 : 5,724, company 2023 $'000 : 1,590, company 2022 $'000 : 5,724 category: total , group 2023 $'000 : 60,835 , group 2022 $'000 : 29,501 , company 2023 $'000 : 60,350 , company 2022 $'000 : 28,999 table end.
interest payable is recognised using the effective interest method for financial liabilities and remeasured at amortised cost.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 14. other liabilities continued maturity analysis for lease liability: year: year 1, group 2023 '000 : 31, company 2022 '000 : 35 year: year 2, group 2023 '000 : 29, company 2022 '000 : 30 year: year 3, group 2023 '000 : 29, company 2022 '000 : 29 year: year 4, group 2023 '000 : 24, company 2022 '000 : 29 year: year 5, group 2023 '000 : -, company 2022 '000 : 24 year: less: unearned interest , group 2023 '000 : 113 , company 2022 '000 : 147 group 2023 '000 : 11 , company 2022 '000 : 17 year: due within 12 months , group 2023 '000 : 102 , company 2022 '000 : 130 year: due after 12 months , group 2023 '000 : 27 , company 2022 '000 : 29 group 2023 '000 : 75 , company 2022 '000 : 101 group 2023 '000 : 102 , company 2022 '000 : 130 table end.
the weighted average lessee's incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities recognised in the statement of financial position on 31 december 2023 and 2022 is 5%.
15. borrowings from mas : due within 12 months , group 2023 '000 : -, company 2022 '000 : 55,484 : due after 12 months , group 2023 '000 : -, company 2022 '000 : - group 2023 '000 : - , company 2022 '000 : 55,484 table end.
borrowings from mas represents amounts advanced by mas to the group in order to partially finance the enterprise singapore “esg” loan schemes for small and medium enterprises “smes” , administered by enterprise singapore.
the esg loan schemes comprise the enhanced enterprise financing scheme - sme working capital loan “efs-wcl” and the temporary bridging loan programme “tblp” . these had been fully repaid during the year 2023. notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 16. enterprise singapore loans due within 12 months: 2023: $21,000 2022: $313,000 due after 12 months: 2023: $1,956,000 2022: $1,263,000 total: 2023: $1,977,000 2022: $1,576,000 enterprise singapore loans represent amounts advanced by enterprise singapore under the local enterprise finance scheme "lefs" and extended local enterprise finance scheme "elefs" to finance lefs and elefs borrowers.
the interest rates and repayment periods vary in accordance with the type, purpose and security of the facilities granted under the above schemes.
these borrowings are unsecured.
17. provision for employee benefits provision for unutilized leave: 2023: $176,000 2022: $170,000 18. share capital table: share capital - group and company year: issued and fully paid: year: at 1 january, no.
of shares '000 : 157,626, $'000 2023 : 180,008, $'000 2022 : 180,008 year: bonus issue during the year, no.
of shares '000 : 78,813, $'000 2023 : -, $'000 2022 : - year: at 31 december, no.
of shares '000 : 236,439, $'000 2023 : 180,008, $'000 2022 : 180,008 table end.
the company has allotted and issued 78,812,858 bonus shares to its shareholders at nil consideration and without capitalisation of the company's reserves on 19 may 2023. following the allotment and issue of the bonus shares, the total number of issued shares of the company has increased from 157,625,764 shares to 236,438,622 shares.
there has been no other change in the company's share capital.
the holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the company.
all shares rank equally with regard to the company's residual assets.
19. reserves table: reserves in '000 item: statutory reserve, group 2023: 146,324, group 2022: 138,023, company 2023: 146,324, company 2022: 138,023 item: fair value reserve, group 2023: 5,182 , group 2022: 9,372 , company 2023: 5,337 , company 2022: 9,515 item: accumulated profits, group 2023: 100,200, group 2022: 91,450, company 2023: 99,810, company 2022: 91,063 item: regulatory loss allowance reserve, group 2023: 15,105, group 2022: 14,710, company 2023: 15,105, company 2022: 14,710 item: total , group 2023: 256,447 , group 2022: 234,811 , company 2023: 255,902 , company 2022: 234,281 table end.
the statutory reserve is maintained in compliance with the provision of section 18 of the finance companies act 1967, chapter 108. the fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of fvoci investments until such investments are disposed.
the regulatory loss allowance reserve is maintained in compliance with the mas notice to finance companies no.
811 “credit files, grading and provisioning” issued by the monetary authority of singapore.
under the notice, finance companies are required to maintain the minimum regulatory loss allowances "mrla" of at least 1.5% of the gross carrying amount of selected credit exposures net of collaterals allowed by the mas.
for periods when stage 1 and 2 ecl fall below mrla, the shortfall is appropriated from retained earnings in the shareholders' funds into the non-distributable rlar account.
20. segment reporting segment reporting is not required for the group and the company as a majority of the income is from the same business segment, which is credit and lending.
all activities are carried out in the republic of singapore.
21. directors' and key management personnel's remuneration table: directors' and key management personnel's remuneration in '000 item: salaries and other benefits, group 2023: 2,714, group 2022: 2,537 item: contribution to defined contribution plan, group 2023: 22, group 2022: 20 item: directors' fees, group 2023: 405, group 2022: 480 item: others, group 2023: 61, group 2022: 55 item: total , group 2023: 3,202 , group 2022: 3,092 table end.
notes to financial statements 22 profit before income tax the following items have been included in arriving at profit for the year: item: interest income and hiring charges item: loans and advances and others amortised cost , 2023 $'000 : 116,795, 2022 $'000 : 72,180 item: cash and bank deposits amortised cost , 2023 $'000 : 14,890, 2022 $'000 : 2,798 item: singapore government securities and mas bills fvoci , 2023 $'000 : 14,091, 2022 $'000 : 7,250 item: total interest income and hiring charges , 2023 $'000 : 145,776 , 2022 $'000 : 82,228 item: interest expense item: deposits and others, 2023 $'000 : 90,880, 2022 $'000 : 21,395 table end.
interest income and hiring charges interest income is recognised in the profit or loss as it accrues, taking into account the effective yield of the asset or an applicable fixed or floating rate.
where charges are added to the principal financed at the commencement of the period, the general principle adopted for crediting income to the profit or loss is to spread the income over the period in which the repayments are due using the following bases for the various categories of financing business: income earned on hire purchase: term charges on hire purchase transactions are accounted for using the rule of 78 sum of digits method.
the balance of such term charges at the financial year end is carried forward as unearned charges.
income earned on loans, factoring accounts and debt securities: interest income is recognised in the profit or loss using the effective interest rate method.
income from bank deposits: interest income from bank deposits is accrued on a time-apportioned basis using the effective interest rate method.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 profit before income tax continued interest expense: interest expense is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, taking into account the effective yield of the liability or an applicable fixed or floating rate.
fees and commission fees and commissions from customers: 2023: $2,086,000 2022: $1,648,000 fee and commission income are recognised in the profit or loss on an accrual basis when services are rendered.
rental income investment properties: 2023: $3,410,000 2022: $2,659,000 rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
dividends equity investments: 2023: $368,000 2022: $234,000 dividend income is recognised when the group's right to receive payment is established.
other income item: government grant, 2023 $'000 : 53, 2022 $'000 : 145 item: net gain on property, plant and equipment disposed, 2023 $'000 : 173, 2022 $'000 : - item: others, 2023 $'000 : 6, 2022 $'000 : 46 item: total other income , 2023 $'000 : 232 , 2022 $'000 : 191 table end.
staff costs item: salaries and other benefits, 2023 $'000 : 18,198, 2022 $'000 : 17,020 item: contributions to defined contribution plan, 2023 $'000 : 1,851, 2022 $'000 : 1,693 item: provision for unutilised leave, 2023 $'000 : 6, 2022 $'000 : 79 item: total staff costs , 2023 $'000 : 20,055 , 2022 $'000 : 18,634 table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 profit before income tax continued defined contribution plans payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are charged as an expense when employees have rendered the services entitling them to the contributions.
payments made to state-managed retirement benefit schemes, such as the singapore central provident fund, are dealt with as payments to defined contribution plans where the group's obligations under the plans are equivalent to those arising in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan.
short-term benefits short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided.
a provision is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
other operating expenses table: other operating expenses 2022-2023 expense category: audit fees, 2023 $'000 : 188, 2022 $'000 : 138 expense category: audit related fees, 2023 $'000 : 18, 2022 $'000 : 18 expense category: non-audit fees, 2023 $'000 : 42, 2022 $'000 : 47 expense category: operating expenses on investment properties, 2023 $'000 : 708, 2022 $'000 : 707 expense category: maintenance, utilities and property tax, 2023 $'000 : 1,712, 2022 $'000 : 1,863 expense category: legal and professional fees, 2023 $'000 : 256, 2022 $'000 : 432 expense category: commission expense, 2023 $'000 : 1,023, 2022 $'000 : 1,356 expense category: others, 2023 $'000 : 2,265, 2022 $'000 : 2,371 expense category: total , 2023 $'000 : 6,212 , 2022 $'000 : 6,932 table end.
notes to financial statements: income tax expense income tax expense item: current tax expense item: current year, 2023 $'000 : 6,717, 2022 $'000 : 6,905 item: prior years, 2023 $'000 : 19, 2022 $'000 : - item: total current tax expense , 2023 $'000 : 6,736, 2022 $'000 : 6,905 item: deferred tax debit item: reversal of temporary differences note 12 , 2023 $'000 : 133 , 2022 $'000 : 38 item: total income tax expense , 2023 $'000 : 6,603 , 2022 $'000 : 6,867 table end.
reconciliation of effective tax rate item: profit before income tax, 2023 $'000 : 39,813, 2022 $'000 : 44,070 item: income tax using singapore tax rate of 17% 2022: 17% , 2023 $'000 : 6,768, 2022 $'000 : 7,492 item: expenses not deductible for tax purposes, 2023 $'000 : 311, 2022 $'000 : 380 item: effects of tax benefits, 2023 $'000 : 37 , 2022 $'000 : 15 item: income not subject to tax, 2023 $'000 : 13 , 2022 $'000 : 15 item: tax effect of income subject to concessionary tax rate of 10% 2022: 10% , 2023 $'000 : 218 , 2022 $'000 : 250 item: section 141 tax deductions, 2023 $'000 : 67 , 2022 $'000 : 509 item: prior year adjustment, 2023 $'000 : 19, 2022 $'000 : - item: others, 2023 $'000 : 160 , 2022 $'000 : 216 item: total income tax expense , 2023 $'000 : 6,603 , 2022 $'000 : 6,867 table end.
income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
the tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year.
taxable profit differs from profit as reported in the profit or loss and other comprehensive income because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are not taxable or tax deductible.
the group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted in singapore where the company and subsidiary operate by the end of the reporting period.
deferred tax is recognised on the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
the carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
notes to financial statements – 31 december 2023 23. income tax expense continued deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in profit or loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited outside profit or loss either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity , in which case the tax is also recognised outside profit or loss either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity . 24. earnings per share basic and diluted earnings per share are based on: net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders number of ordinary shares annualised earnings per share singapore cents table: earnings per share data : net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders, 2023 '000 : 33,210, 2022 '000 : 37,203 restated : number of ordinary shares, 2023 '000 : 236,439, 2022 '000 : 236,439 : annualised earnings per share singapore cents , 2023 '000 : 14.05, 2022 '000 : 15.73 table end.
the weighted average numbers of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and all periods presented are adjusted for events that have changed the number of ordinary shares outstanding without a corresponding change in resources.
the number of ordinary shares outstanding before the event is adjusted for the proportionate change in the number of ordinary shares outstanding as if the event had occurred at the beginning of the earliest financial period presented.
because the bonus issue announced on 24 february 2023 was allotted without consideration in may 2023, it is treated as if it has occurred at the beginning of 2022, the earliest period presented.
there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares for the years ended 31 december 2023 and 2022. 25. dividends on 11 may 2023, a dividend of 6.7 singapore cents per share restated , one-tier tax exempt total dividend $15,763,000 was paid to shareholders.
on 11 may 2022, a dividend of 5.3 singapore cents per share restated , one-tier tax exempt total dividend $12,610,000 was paid to shareholders.
in respect of the current year, the directors propose that a dividend of 6 singapore cents per share.
this dividend is subject to approval by shareholders at the annual general meeting and has not been included as a liability in these financial statements.
annual dividend proposed of: 2023: 6 singapore cents per share, one-tier tax exempt $14,186,000 the dividend per share for the financial year 2022 has been adjusted retrospectively for the 78,812,858 new ordinary shares issued pursuant to a bonus issue on 19 may 2023. refer to note 24 for details.
26. commitments capital commitments commitments for capital expenditure contracted but not provided for in the financial statements 2023 $'000 : 425, 2022 $'000 : 1,187 table end.
the group as lessor the group and the company leases out its investment properties.
non-cancellable operating lease rentals are receivable as follows: group and company: receivable: within 1 year, 2023 $'000 : 2,677, 2022 $'000 : 2,582 group and company: receivable: after 1 year but within 5 years, 2023 $'000 : 823, 2022 $'000 : 2,000 table end.
other commitment : undrawn loan commitments, 2023 $'000 : 3,500, 2022 $'000 : 4,582 2023 $'000 : 978,336, 2022 $'000 : 770,180 table end.
undrawn loan commitments include commitments that are unconditionally cancellable at any time.
27. contingent liabilities commitments entered into by the group and the company on behalf of customers for which customers have corresponding obligations to the group and the company and for the group and the company's operational requirements are as follows: group and company: guarantees issued and financing of goods imported, 2023 $'000 : 8,740, 2022 $'000 : 8,740 table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2023 current assets and current liabilities the current assets and current liabilities of the group and company are as follows: table: current assets and liabilities $'000 item: current assets item: cash and deposits with banks and monetary authority of singapore "mas" , group 2023: 375,626, group 2022: 243,061, company 2023: 375,568, company 2022: 242,984 item: statutory deposits with the mas, group 2023: 75,030, group 2022: 69,587, company 2023: 75,030, company 2022: 69,587 item: singapore government securities and mas bills, group 2023: 196,514, group 2022: 114,573, company 2023: 196,514, company 2022: 114,573 item: investment in equity securities, group 2023: 5,845, group 2022: 6,015, company 2023: 5,601, company 2022: 5,783 item: loans and advances due within twelve months, group 2023: 795,462, group 2022: 708,591, company 2023: 795,462, company 2022: 708,591 item: other receivables, deposits and prepayments, group 2023: 10,724, group 2022: 5,227, company 2023: 10,724, company 2022: 5,227 item: total current assets , group 2023: 1,459,201, group 2022: 1,147,054, company 2023: 1,458,899, company 2022: 1,146,745 item: current liabilities item: deposits and balances of customers, group 2023: 2,873,434, group 2022: 2,363,994, company 2023: 2,874,218, company 2022: 2,364,771 item: other liabilities, group 2023: 59,700, group 2022: 27,499, company 2023: 59,215, company 2022: 26,997 item: enterprise singapore loans due within twelve months, group 2023: 22, group 2022: 313, company 2023: 22, company 2022: 313 item: borrowings from mas due within twelve months, group 2023: -, group 2022: 55,484, company 2023: -, company 2022: 55,484 item: provision for employee benefits, group 2023: 176, group 2022: 170, company 2023: 176, company 2022: 170 item: current tax payable, group 2023: 6,778, group 2022: 6,940, company 2023: 6,778, company 2022: 6,940 item: total current liabilities , group 2023: 2,940,110, group 2022: 2,454,400, company 2023: 2,940,409, company 2022: 2,454,675 table end.
new standards issued but not yet adopted at the date of authorization of these financial statements, the following sfrs i pronouncement was issued but effective for financial periods beginning on or after 1 january 2024: amendments to sfrs i 1-1: classification of liabilities as current or non-current management anticipates that the adoption of the above amendments to the sfrs i in future periods will not have a material impact on the financial statements of the group and the company in the period of their initial adoption.
notes to financial statements - 31 december 2023 30 subsequent events reporting there are no known subsequent events which have led to adjustments or disclosures to this set of consolidated financial statements of the group and statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company.
additional information table: director remuneration name of director: executive directors name of director: lee sze leong managing director/chief executive officer , total remuneration $ : 1,712,583, basic salary/employer's cpf/aws % : 53.2, variable bonuses % : 41.0, directors' fee % : 3.8, other benefits % : 2.0, total % : 100.0 name of director: lee sze siong deputy managing director , total remuneration $ : 1,210,220, basic salary/employer's cpf/aws % : 52.4, variable bonuses % : 40.3, directors' fee % : 5.0, other benefits % : 2.3, total % : 100.0 name of director: non-executive directors name of director: michael lau hwai keong, total remuneration $ : 97,500, basic salary/employer's cpf/aws % : -, variable bonuses % : -, directors' fee % : 100%, other benefits % : -, total % : 100% name of director: joseph toh kian leong, total remuneration $ : 65,000, basic salary/employer's cpf/aws % : -, variable bonuses % : -, directors' fee % : 100%, other benefits % : -, total % : 100% name of director: quan wai yee, total remuneration $ : 65,000, basic salary/employer's cpf/aws % : -, variable bonuses % : -, directors' fee % : 100%, other benefits % : -, total % : 100% name of director: kuah boon wee, total remuneration $ : 52,500, basic salary/employer's cpf/aws % : -, variable bonuses % : -, directors' fee % : 100%, other benefits % : -, total % : 100% table end.
statistics of shareholdings as at 11 march 2024 distribution of shareholdings size of shareholdings size of shareholdings: 1 - 99, no.
of shareholders: 69, %: 3.22, no.
of shares: 1,891, %: 0.00 size of shareholdings: 100 - 1,000, no.
of shareholders: 129, %: 6.02, no.
of shares: 57,099, %: 0.02 size of shareholdings: 1,001 - 10,000, no.
of shareholders: 795, %: 37.10, no.
of shares: 4,002,970, %: 1.69 size of shareholdings: 10,001 - 1,000,000, no.
of shareholders: 1,123, %: 52.40, no.
of shares: 72,545,759, %: 30.69 size of shareholdings: 1,000,001 and above, no.
of shareholders: 27, %: 1.26, no.
of shares: 159,830,903, %: 67.60 size of shareholdings: total , no.
of shareholders: 2,143 , %: 100.00 , no.
of shares: 236,438,622 , %: 100.00 table end.
twenty largest shareholders no.: 1, name: f. h. lee holdings pte ltd, no.
of shares: 66,872,952, %: 28.28 no.: 2, name: raffles nominees pte limited, no.
of shares: 17,239,900, %: 7.29 no.: 3, name: phillip securities pte ltd, no.
of shares: 12,692,016, %: 5.37 no.: 4, name: dbs nominees private limited, no.
of shares: 8,420,167, %: 3.56 no.: 5, name: edy hartono, no.
of shares: 6,091,966, %: 2.58 no.: 6, name: lee heng wah @ lee heng guan, no.
of shares: 4,500,000, %: 1.90 no.: 7, name: sing holdings limited, no.
of shares: 4,267,350, %: 1.80 no.: 8, name: aris sunarko @ ko tji kim, no.
of shares: 4,062,900, %: 1.72 no.: 9, name: citibank nominees singapore pte ltd, no.
of shares: 3,591,731, %: 1.52 no.: 10, name: morph investments ltd, no.
of shares: 2,934,000, %: 1.24 no.: 11, name: cosmos investment pte ltd, no.
of shares: 2,677,725, %: 1.13 no.: 12, name: kimanis marine pte ltd, no.
of shares: 2,670,300, %: 1.13 no.: 13, name: ang chian poh, no.
of shares: 2,319,525, %: 0.98 no.: 14, name: aw seoh bee, no.
of shares: 1,935,000, %: 0.82 no.: 15, name: tai mah sawmill company private ltd, no.
of shares: 1,914,000, %: 0.81 no.: 16, name: ng poh cheng, no.
of shares: 1,866,850, %: 0.79 no.: 17, name: ang hao yao hong haoyao , no.
of shares: 1,860,000, %: 0.79 no.: 18, name: lim hwee sin, no.
of shares: 1,773,000, %: 0.75 no.: 19, name: united overseas bank nominees private limited, no.
of shares: 1,663,350, %: 0.70 no.: 20, name: ocbc securities private limited, no.
of shares: 1,633,300, %: 0.69 no.: total , no.
of shares: 150,986,032 , %: 63.85 table end.
statistics of shareholdings as at 11 march 2024 substantial shareholders as at 11 march 2024 table: substantial shareholder holdings name: lee sze leong 1 , shareholdings registered in the name of substantial shareholders or their nominees: 973,696, %: 0.41, shareholdings in which substantial shareholders are deemed to have an interest: 71,140,302, %: 30.09 name: lee sze siong 2 , shareholdings registered in the name of substantial shareholders or their nominees: 1,061,713, %: 0.45, shareholdings in which substantial shareholders are deemed to have an interest: 71,140,302, %: 30.09 name: lee sze hao 3 , shareholdings registered in the name of substantial shareholders or their nominees: 967,144, %: 0.41, shareholdings in which substantial shareholders are deemed to have an interest: 71,140,302, %: 30.09 name: f.h. lee holdings pte limited 4 , shareholdings registered in the name of substantial shareholders or their nominees: 66,872,952, %: 28.28, shareholdings in which substantial shareholders are deemed to have an interest: 4,267,350, %: 1.80 table end.
notes: 1 lee sze leong is deemed to be interested in 66,872,952 shares held by f.h. lee holdings pte limited and 4,267,350 shares held by sing holdings limited.
2 lee sze siong is deemed to be interested in 66,872,952 shares held by f.h. lee holdings pte limited and 4,267,350 shares held by sing holdings limited.
3 lee sze hao is deemed to be interested in 66,872,952 shares held by f.h. lee holdings pte limited and 4,267,350 shares held by sing holdings limited.
4 f.h. lee holdings pte limited is deemed to be interested in 4,267,350 shares held by sing holdings limited.
shareholdings held in hands of public as at 11 march 2024, approximately 68.38% of issued share capital of the company was held in the hands of the public on the basis of information available to the company . accordingly, the company has complied with rule 723 of the listing manual of the singapore exchange securities trading limited.
treasury shares the company does not hold any treasury shares as at 11 march 2024. subsidiary holdings the company does not hold any subsidiary holdings as at 11 march 2024. directors' shareholdings as at 23 february 2024 as shown in the directors' statement in the company's annual report for the financial year ended 31 december 2023, the shares held by the directors as at 31 december 2023 remain unchanged as at 23 february 2024. mr lee sze leong transferred 50,000 shares in the company by way of a gift on 27 february 2024. notice of annual general meeting to all shareholders notice is hereby given that the annual general meeting of sing investments & finance limited will be held at seminar rooms 1 & 2 @ sbf center, 160 robinson road 06-01 singapore 068914 on thursday, 25 april 2024 at 3.00 p.meter. to transact the following businesses: as ordinary business 1. to receive and, if approved, to adopt the directors’ statement and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2023 together with the auditor’s report thereon.
resolution 1 2. to approve the payment of $405,000 as directors’ fees for the year ended 31 december 2023 2022: $480,000 . resolution 2 3. to declare a first and final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 6.0 singapore cents per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 december 2023. resolution 3 4. to re-elect mr lee sze leong as director, who retires pursuant to regulation 109 of the constitution of the company.
resolution 4 see explanatory note 11 5. to re-elect mr joseph toh kian leong as director, who retires pursuant to regulation 109 of the constitution of the company.
resolution 5 see explanatory note 12 6. to re-elect mr kuah boon wee as director, who retires pursuant to regulation 119 of the constitution of the company.
resolution 6 see explanatory note 13 7. to re-appoint messrs deloitte & touche llp as auditors of the company for the next financial year and to authorise the directors to fix their remuneration.
resolution 7 8. to transact any other business of an annual general meeting.
this notice has been made available on sgxnet and the company’s website and may be accessed at the url https://www.singfinance.com.sg/annual-general-meeting/.
a printed copy of this notice will also be sent to members.
notice of annual general meeting as special business to consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modifications, the following resolutions which will be proposed as ordinary resolutions: 9. general mandate to authorise the directors to issue shares or convertible instruments "that pursuant to section 161 of the companies act 1967 and rule 806 of the listing manual of the singapore exchange securities trading limited the “sgx-st" , authority be and is hereby given to the directors of the company to: a i allot and issue shares in the company “shares” whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or ii make or grant offers, agreements or options collectively, “instruments” that might or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of as well as adjustments to warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into shares, at any time to such persons and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes as the directors of the company may in their absolute discretion consider fit; and b for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the authority conferred by this resolution may have ceased to be in force, issue shares in pursuance of any instrument made or granted by the directors of the company while this resolution was in force, provided that: 1 the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this resolution including shares to be issued in pursuance of instruments made or granted pursuant to this resolution does not exceed 50% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph 2 below , of which the aggregate number of shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders of the company including shares to be issued in pursuance of instruments made or granted pursuant to this authority does not exceed 20% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph 2 below ; resolution 8 notice of annual general meeting 2 subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the sgx-st for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph 1 above, the percentage of issued shares shall be based on the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company at the time this resolution is passed, after adjusting for: i new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities; ii new shares arising from exercise of share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this resolution; and iii any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or sub-division of shares; 3 in exercising the authority conferred by this resolution, the company shall comply with the provisions of the listing manual for the time being in force unless such compliance has been waived by the sgx-st and the constitution for the time being of the company; and 4 unless revoked or varied by the company in general meeting this authority shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.
see explanatory note 14 10. authority to issue shares under sing investments & finance limited performance share plan 2020 resolution 9 "that pursuant to section 161 of the companies act 1967, the directors of the company be authorised and empowered to grant awards in accordance with the provisions of the sing investments & finance limited performance share plan 2020 the "psp" and to allot and issue from time to time such number of fully paid-up shares in the capital of the company as may be required to be allotted and/or issued pursuant to the vesting of the awards provided that the aggregate number of shares available under the psp and any other share-based schemes which the company may implement from time to time, and the psp, shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company on the day preceding the date of the awards" see explanatory note 15 by order of the board ong beng hong lee yuan company secretaries singapore, 27 march 2024 notice of annual general meeting explanatory notes: 1 members of the company are invited to attend the annual general meeting agm in person, as there will be no virtual participation option.
printed copies of the annual report will not be mailed to members.
access to the notice, proxy form and annual report is provided electronically through sgxnet at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements or on the company's website at https://www.singfinance.com.sg/annual-general-meeting/ and https://www.singfinance.com.sg/annual-reports/.
members can view these documents with an internet browser and a pdf reader.
while electronic access is encouraged, physical copies of the notice and proxy form will be sent to members of the company.
2 arrangements for participation in the agm physically members including cpfis and srs investors may participate in the agm by: attending the agm in person.
submitting questions to the chairman of the meeting in advance of, or at, the agm.
voting at the agm: themselves personally.
through their duly appointed proxy ies . cpfis and srs investors who wish to appoint the chairman of the meeting and not third party proxy ies as proxy to approach their respective cpf agent banks or srs operators to submit their votes.
please see item 5 below for details.
in the event members encounter covid-19 like symptoms prior to the meeting, members are strongly encouraged to exercise social responsibility to rest at home and consider appointing a proxy ies to attend the meeting.
we encourage members to mask up when attending the meeting.
3 relevant intermediary a member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead at the agm.
a member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the agm, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member.
"relevant intermediary" has the meaning ascribed to it in section 181 of the companies act 1967. 4 a proxy need not be a member of the company.
5 cpfis/srs investors who hold the company shares through cpf agent banks/srs operators: may vote at the meeting if they are appointed as proxies by their respective cpf agent banks/srs operators, and should contact their respective cpf agent banks/srs operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or may appoint the chairman of the meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the meeting, in which case they should approach their cpf agent banks/srs operators to submit their votes at least 7 working days prior to the date of agm i.e. by 3.00 p.meter. on 15 april 2024. 6 submission of instrument of proxy or proxy "proxy form" – by 3.00 p.meter. on 22 april 2024 the proxy form must be submitted through any one of the following means: if submitted personally or by post, be deposited at the registered office of the company at 96 robinson road 01-01 sif building, singapore 068899; or if submitted by email, be received by the company at singfinance-agm2024@singfinance.com.sg in either case, not less than 72 hours of training per employee before the time appointed for holding the meeting i.e. by 3.00 p.meter. on 22 april 2024, and failing which, the proxy form will not be treated as valid.
7 the company shall be entitled to, and will, treat any valid proxy form which was delivered by a member to the company by 3.00 p.meter. on 22 april 2024 as a valid instrument as the member's proxy to attend, speak and vote at the meeting if: a the member had indicated how he/she/it wished to vote for or vote against or abstain from voting on each resolution; and b the member has not withdrawn the appointment by 3.00 p.meter. on 22 april 2024. notice of annual general meeting 8 if the member is a corporation, the instrument appointing the proxy must be under seal or the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
9 completion and return of the proxy form by a member will not prevent him/her from attending, speaking and voting at the meeting if he/she so wishes.
the appointment of the proxy ies for the meeting will be deemed to be revoked if the member attends the meeting in person and in such event, the company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the relevant instrument appointing a proxy ies to the meeting.
10 submission of questions by members in advance of the meeting - by 5 april 2024 a members may also submit questions related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the meeting.
all questions, together with the members' full names, identification numbers, contact numbers and email addresses and manner in which they hold shares in the company "shares" , must be submitted by 5 april 2024 via email to singfinance-agm2024@singfinance.com.sg or by post to the registered office of the company at 96 robinson road 01-01 sif building, singapore 068899. b the company will publish the responses to substantial and relevant questions on the sgx website at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements or at the company's website at the url https://www.singfinance.com.sg/annual-general-meeting/ by 3.00 p.meter. on 19 april 2024. c the company endeavours to address i subsequent clarifications sought ii follow-up questions or iii subsequent substantial and relevant questions which are received after its responses referred to at b above, at the meeting itself.
where substantially similar questions are received, the company will consolidate such questions and consequently not all questions may be individually addressed.
d minutes of agm - the company will, within one month after the date of the agm, publish the minutes of the agm on sgxnet, and the minutes will include the responses to the questions which are addressed during the agm, if any.
11 mr lee sze leong, an executive director of the company, will upon re-election under resolution 4 above proposed in item 4, continue to serve as the chairman of the loan committee and as a member of the risk management committee and the nominating committee.
mr lee sze leong is the managing director and chief executive officer of the company.
12 mr joseph toh kian leong, a non-executive and independent director of the company, will upon re-election under resolution 5 above proposed in item 5, continue to serve as the chairman of the audit committee and as a member of the nominating committee.
13 mr kuah boon wee, a non-executive and independent director of the company, will upon re-election under resolution 6 above proposed in item 6, continue to serve as the chairman of the remuneration committee and as a member of the audit committee and the loan committee.
14 the ordinary resolution 8 proposed in item 9 above, if passed, will empower the directors of the company from the date of the agm until the next agm, or the date by which the next agm of the company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to allot and issue shares and convertible securities in the company up to a number not exceeding in total 50% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company for the time being for such purposes as they consider would be in the interest of the company, provided that the aggregate number of shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders pursuant to this resolution shall not exceed 20% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company.
for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued, the percentage of issued shares in the capital of the company will be calculated based on the company's total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the capital of the company at the time this resolution is passed after adjusting for a new shares arising from the conversion of convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time that the resolution is passed, and b any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares.
15 the proposed ordinary resolution 9 in item 10 aims to grant authorisation to the directors of the company to grant awards in accordance with provisions of the sing investments & finance limited performance share plan 2020 psp . the authority extends from the agm date until the next agm or the legally mandated agm date, or until the company revokes or alters this authority in a general meeting, whichever occurs first.
the directors may allocate fully paid-up shares as necessary for the awards' vesting, provided that the aggregate number of shares does not exceed 15% of the total issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings in the company's capital.
the psp was first approved by the shareholders of the company at the agm held on 20 may 2020. please refer to the company's letter to shareholder dated 28 april 2020 for future reference.
16 the annual report have been published and may be accessed at the company's website at the url https://www.singfinance.com.sg/annual-reports/.
notice of annual general meeting additionally, you can access the annual report on the sgx website at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
shareholders who prefer printed copies may request them by sending an email to singfinance-agm2024@singfinance.com.sg by 5 april 2024. to ensure the validity of the request, please: a specify “request for printed copies of the annual report" as the subject of the email; and b state the following: the full name of the shareholder as per cdp, cpf, srs and/or scrip-based records . the mailing address of the shareholder.
the telephone or mobile number of the shareholder.
the manner in which the shareholder holds shares in the company e.grams., via cdp, cpf, srs and/or scrip . by submitting such request, a shareholder agrees and acknowledges that the company and/or its service provider may collect, use and disclose his/her personal data, as contained in the submitted request or which is otherwise collected from him/her or his/her authorised representative s , for the purpose of processing and effecting his/her request.
personal data privacy: by submitting an instrument appointing a proxy ies and/or representative s to attend, speak and vote at the agm and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the company i consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the company or its agents for the purpose of the processing and administration by the company or its agents of proxies and representatives appointed for the agm including any adjournment thereof and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the agm including any adjournment thereof , and in order for the company or its agents to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines collectively, the “purposes" , ii warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy ies and/or representative s to the company or its agents , the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy ies and/or representative s for the collection, use and disclosure by the company or its agents of the personal data of such proxy ies and/or representative s for the purposes, and iii agrees that the member will indemnify the company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.
additional information on directors seeking re-election the following information relates to mr. lee sze leong, mr. joseph toh kian leong, and mr. kuah boon wee, who will be standing for re-election as directors "retiring directors" at the annual general meeting of the company on april 25, 2024. this information is provided pursuant to rule 720 6 of the listing manual of the singapore exchange securities trading limited, as detailed in appendix 7.4.1. table: director information name of director: date of appointment, mr lee sze leong: 20 february 1989 name of director: date of last re-appointment, mr lee sze leong: 26 april 2021 name of director: age, mr lee sze leong: 65 name of director: country of principal residence, mr lee sze leong: singapore name of director: the board's comments, mr lee sze leong: the board of directors, having considered the recommendation of the nominating committee, believes mr. lee can provide confident and decisive leadership.
he balances risks and opportunities effectively and possesses relevant knowledge and experience.
name of director: whether appointment is executive, and area of responsibility, mr lee sze leong: managing director/chief executive officer.
responsible for managing the business and operations, driving financial performance, and spearheading strategic development and execution of plans set by the board.
name of director: job title, mr lee sze leong: managing director/chief executive officer, loan committee chairman , nominating committee member , risk management committee member name of director: professional qualifications, mr lee sze leong: bachelor of business administration, university of hawaii name of director: working experience past 10 years , mr lee sze leong: managing director/chief executive officer of the company name of director: shareholding interest, mr lee sze leong: direct interest: 973,696 shares ; deemed interest: 66,872,952 shares held by f.h. lee holdings pte limited ; 4,267,350 shares held by sing holdings limited as at march 11, 2024 name of director: any relationship, mr lee sze leong: sibling of mr. lee sze siong, deputy managing director table end.
notes : this table summarizes key information for mr. lee sze leong.
information for the other directors would be provided in a similar format.
additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr lee sze leong item: conflict of interest including any competing business , response: no item: undertaking in the format set out in appendix 7.7 under rule 720 1 has been submitted to the listed issuer , response: yes item: other principal commitments including directorships – present response: sing investments & finance nominees pte.
ltd.
director response: sing holdings limited non-executive chairman response: f.h. lee holdings pte limited director response: hire purchase, finance and leasing association of singapore chairman response: finance houses association of singapore honorary treasurer response: singapore chinese chamber of commerce & industry vice-president, 61 st council response: chinese development assistance council board of trustees response: tanjong pagar – tiong bahru citizens’ consultative committee honorary chairman response: singapore hokkien huay kuan vice-president, 44 th term council response: singapore chinese dance theatre chairman item: other principal commitments including directorships – past, for the last 5 years , response: none item: a. whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
, response: no item: b. whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity not being a partnership of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
, response: no table end.
additional information on directors seeking re-election table: director declaration question: whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?, mr lee sze leong: no question: whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such purpose?, mr lee sze leong: no question: whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such breach?, mr lee sze leong: no question: whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been entered against him in any civil proceedings in singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?, mr lee sze leong: no question: whether he has ever been convicted in singapore or elsewhere of any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?, mr lee sze leong: no question: whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director or an equivalent person of any entity including the trustee of a business trust , or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?, mr lee sze leong: no question: whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?, mr lee sze leong: no table end.
additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr lee sze leong question: whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the management or conduct, in singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of: i any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in singapore or elsewhere; or ii any entity not being a corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in singapore or elsewhere; or iii any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in singapore or elsewhere; or iv any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?, answer: no question: whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the monetary authority of singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in singapore or elsewhere?, answer: no question: any prior experience as a director of a listed company?, answer: not applicable as mr lee sze leong is a retiring director seeking re-election table end.
additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr joseph toh kian leong date of appointment: 2 january 2019 date of last re-appointment: 26 april 2022 age: 68 country of principal residence: singapore the board's comments on this appointment: the board of the company has considered, among others, the recommendation of the nc and has reviewed and considered the performance and contribution of mr joseph toh kian leong to the board and board committees for re-appointment as a non-executive and independent director of the company.
accordingly, the board has recommended mr joseph toh kian leong for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
the board considers mr joseph toh kian leong to be independent.
whether appointment is executive, and if so, the area of responsibility: non-executive and independent director job title: audit committee chairman , nominating committee member professional qualifications: association of chartered certified accountants fellow, institute of singapore chartered accountants working experience and occupation s during the past 10 years: senior assurance partner of baker tilly tfw llp shareholding interest in the listed issuer and its subsidiaries: none any relationship including immediate family relationships with any existing director, existing executive officer, the issuer and/or substantial shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal subsidiaries : none conflict of interest including any competing business : no undertaking in the format set out in appendix 7.7 under rule 720 1 has been submitted to the listed issuer: yes other principal commitments including directorships - present: none additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr joseph toh kian leong other principal commitments including directorships – past, for the last 5 years: none a. whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?: no b. whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity not being a partnership of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?: no c. whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?: no d. whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such purpose?: no e. whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such breach?: no additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr. joseph toh kian leong question: whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been entered against him in any civil proceedings in singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?, answer: no question: whether he has ever been convicted in singapore or elsewhere of any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?, answer: no question: whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director or an equivalent person of any entity including the trustee of a business trust , or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?, answer: no question: whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?, answer: no question: whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the management or conduct, in singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:, answer: yes to i and ii ; no to iii and iv ., notes: in relation to i : mr. joseph toh kian leong was interviewed by the commercial affairs department "cad" more than 10 years ago for fraud by a client company's employee, in his capacity as audit engagement partner for this client company.
in relation to ii : mr. joseph toh kian leong was interviewed by cad in october 2013 as a potential witness for the deputy public prosecutor "dpp" in relation to the trial of a client, for which he was the audit engagement partner from around 1994 to 2005. however, he was subsequently not called up as a witness by the dpp.
additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr joseph toh kian leong ii any entity not being a corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in singapore or elsewhere; or iii any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in singapore or elsewhere; or iv any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
no k. whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the monetary authority of singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in singapore or elsewhere?
no any prior experience as a director of a listed company?
not applicable as mr joseph toh kian leong is a retiring director seeking re-election.
if yes, please provide details of prior experience.
if no, please state if the director has attended or will be attending training on the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the exchange.
please provide details of relevant experience and the nominating committee's reasons for not requiring the director to undergo training as prescribed by the exchange if applicable . additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr kuah boon wee date of appointment: 27 april 2023 date of last re-appointment: not applicable age: 57 country of principal residence: singapore the board's comments on this appointment including rationale, selection criteria, board diversity considerations, and the search and nomination process : the board of the company has considered, among others, the recommendation of the nc and has reviewed and considered the performance and contribution of mr kuah boon wee to the board and board committees for re-appointment as a non-executive and independent director of the company.
accordingly, the board has recommended mr kuah boon wee for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
the board considers mr kuah boon wee to be independent.
whether appointment is executive, and if so, the area of responsibility: non-executive and independent director job title e.grams., lead id, ac chairman, ac member etc. : remuneration committee chairman audit committee member loan committee member professional qualifications: bachelor of engineering degree 1st class honours from imperial college of science and technology, london 1987 to 1990 fellow of the institute of chartered accountants of england and wales advanced management programme at the wharton school, university of pennsylvania 2001 working experience and occupation s during the past 10 years: director since 2006 and group chief executive officer since 2010 of mtq corporation limited audit committee chairman of uob-kay hian holdings limited since may 2016 director of the hour glass limited since 2011 council member of singapore national employers federation chairman of the migrant workers assistance fund since 2018 vice president of the singapore chinese chamber of commerce and industry 2017 to 2022 chairman of ntuc learning hub 2013 to 2020 directors of business china 2016 to 2019 additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr kuah boon wee table: director information item: shareholding interest in the listed issuer and its subsidiaries, response: none item: any relationship including immediate family relationships with any existing director, existing executive officer, the issuer and/or substantial shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal subsidiaries, response: none item: conflict of interest including any competing business , response: no item: undertaking in the format set out in appendix 7.7 submitted to the listed issuer, response: yes table end.
other principal commitments including directorships - present: executive director/group ceo of mtq corporation limited director of mtq engineering pte.
ltd.
director of mtq fabrication pte.
ltd.
director of mtq equipment rental pte.
ltd.
director of blossomvale investments pte.
ltd.
director of violetbloom investments pte ltd.
director of everfield pte.
ltd.
director of mtq oilfield services w.l.l director of premier estate private limited director of pemac pte.
ltd.
director of premier sea & land pte.
ltd.
director of binder group pty limited director of binder holdings pte.
ltd.
director of binder asia pte.
ltd.
director of mtq binder holdings pte.
ltd.
director of in-line valve company limited director of mid-continent distribution pte.
ltd.
director of blossomvale nah pte.
ltd.
director of blossomvale nmo pte.
ltd.
director of the hour glass limited council member of singapore chinese chamber of commerce & industry chairman of singapore chinese chamber institute of business member of singapore national employers federation director of uob-kay hian holdings limited member of pro-enterprise panel pep vice-chairman of singapore business federation middle east business group additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr kuah boon wee other principal commitments including directorships – past, for the last 5 years: none declaration of directors a. whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at any time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
no b. whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity not being a partnership of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
no c. whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?
no d. whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such purpose?
no e. whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such breach?
no additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr kuah boon wee question: whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been entered against him in any civil proceedings in singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?, answer: no question: whether he has ever been convicted in singapore or elsewhere of any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?, answer: no question: whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director or an equivalent person of any entity including the trustee of a business trust , or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?, answer: no question: whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?, answer: no question: whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the management or conduct, in singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of: i any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in singapore or elsewhere; or ii any entity not being a corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in singapore or elsewhere; or, answer: no table end.
additional information on directors seeking re-election name of director: mr kuah boon wee iii any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in singapore or elsewhere; or no iv any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
no k. whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the monetary authority of singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in singapore or elsewhere?
not applicable as mr kuah boon wee is a retiring director seeking re-election.
any prior experience as a director of a listed company?
if yes, please provide details of prior experience.
if no, please state if the director has attended or will be attending training on the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the exchange.
please provide details of relevant experience and the nominating committee's reasons for not requiring the director to undergo training as prescribed by the exchange if applicable . sing investments & finance limited proxy form i/we , being a member/members of sing investments & finance limited the “company” , hereby appoint: name: and/or name: name, nric/passport no.: nric/passport no., proportion of shareholding: proportion of shareholding, no.
of shares: no.
of shares, % : % table end.
or failing the person, or either or both of the persons referred to above, the chairman of the annual general meeting "agm" as my/our proxy/proxies to attend, speak or vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the agm of the company to be held physically at seminar rooms 1 & 2 @ sbf center, 160 robinson road 06-01 singapore 068914 on thursday, 25 april 2024 at 3.00 p.meter. and at any adjournment thereof.
i/we direct my/our proxy/proxies to vote for, against or abstain the resolutions proposed at the annual general meeting as indicated hereunder.
if no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/their discretion, as he/they will on any other matter arising at the agm.
all resolutions put to the vote at the annual general meeting shall be decided by way of poll.
resolutions relating to: ordinary business no.: 1, resolutions relating to:: adoption of directors' statement and audited financial statements no.: 2, resolutions relating to:: approval of directors' fees no.: 3, resolutions relating to:: declaration of final dividend no.: 4, resolutions relating to:: re-election of mr lee sze leong as a director no.: 5, resolutions relating to:: re-election of mr joseph toh kian leong as a director no.: 6, resolutions relating to:: re-election of mr kuah boon wee as a director no.: 7, resolutions relating to:: re-appointment of messrs deloitte & touche llp as auditors and to authorise directors to fix their remuneration table end.
special business no.: 8, resolutions relating to:: general mandate to authorise the directors to issue new shares or convertible instruments no.: 9, resolutions relating to:: authority to issue shares under sing investments & finance limited performance share plan 2020 table end.
voting will be conducted by poll.
if you wish to exercise all your votes "for" or "against" the relevant resolution or to abstain from voting on the resolution in respect of all your votes, please indicate a tick ✔ or a cross x within the relevant box provided.
alternatively, if you wish to exercise some and not all of your votes “for” and/or "against" the relevant resolution and/or to abstain from voting in respect of the resolution, please indicate the number of shares in the boxes provided.
dated this day of 2024. signature s of member s /common seal important: please read notes overleaf total number of shares held: important note: this markdown represents the extracted text from the provided image.
the image contains a form and does not include charts or other complex graphical elements requiring table creation.
the form's structure has been translated into markdown tables to organize the information effectively.
notes: 1. each of the resolutions to be put to the vote of members at the agm and at any adjournment thereof will be voted on by way of poll.
2. please insert the total number of shares of the company "shares" held by you.
if you have shares entered against your name in the depository register as defined in section 81sf of the securities and futures act 2001 , you should insert that number of shares.
if you have shares registered in your name in the register of members, you should insert that number of shares.
if you have shares entered against your name in the depository register and shares registered in your name in the register of members, you should insert the aggregate number of shares entered against your name in the depository register and registered in your name in the register of members.
if no number is inserted, the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to relate to all the shares held by you.
3. a member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead.
a proxy need not be a member of the company.
4. where a member appoints two proxies, the appointments shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the proportion of his/her shareholding expressed as a percentage of the whole to be represented by each proxy.
the proxy form may be accessed on the sgx website.
5. a member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to attend the meeting and vote, is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote instead of the member, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member.
where such member appoints more than two proxies, the appointments shall be invalid unless the member specifies the number of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed.
6. "relevant intermediary" means: a a banking corporation licensed under the banking act 1970 or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity; b a person holding a capital markets services licence to provide custodial services for securities under the securities and futures act 2001 and who holds shares in that capacity; or c the central provident fund board established by the central provident fund act 1953, in respect of shares purchased under the subsidiary legislation made under that act providing for the making of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the central provident fund, if the board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.
7. a member can appoint the chairman of the meeting as his/her/its proxy but this is not mandatory.
8. the instrument appointing a proxy ies "proxy form" must be submitted to the company in the following manner: a if submitted personally or by post, be deposited at the registered office of the company at 96 robinson road 01-01 sif building, singapore 068899; or b if submitted by email, be received by the company at singfinance-agm2024@singfinance.com.sg in either case, not less than 72 hours of training per employee before the time appointed for holding the agm, that is by 3.00 p.meter. on 22 april 2024, failing which, the proxy form will not be treated as valid.
9. completion and return of the proxy form by a member will not prevent him/her from attending, speaking and voting at the agm if he/she so wishes.
the appointment of the proxy ies for the agm will be deemed to be revoked if the member attends the agm in person and in such event, the company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the relevant instrument appointing a proxy ies to the agm.
10. the proxy form must be under the hand of the appointor or of his/her attorney duly authorised in writing.
where the proxy form is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
where the proxy form is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument.
11. a corporation which is a member may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the agm, in accordance with section 179 of the companies act 1967 of singapore.
12. personal data privacy: by attending the agm and/or any adjournment thereof or submitting an instrument appointing a proxy, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms as set out in the notice of agm dated 27 march 2024. the company secretary sing investments & finance limited 96 robinson road 01-01 sif building singapore 068899 this page has been intentionally left blank.
this page has been intentionally left blank.
the provided image is completely white, containing no extractable information.
therefore, no markdown content can be generated.
singfinance contact information address: 96 robinson road 01-01, sif building, singapore 068899 telephone: 6305 0300 website: www.singfinance.com.sg facebook: www.facebook.com/singinvestmentsandfinance instagram: www.instagram.com/singinvestmentsandfinance company registration number: 196400348d