resustainability limited integrated annual report fy 2021-22 reimagining the future the image depicts a circular design with various icons representing sustainability initiatives, including renewable energy, recycling, eco-friendly transportation, and responsible consumption.
the overall theme is a commitment to a sustainable future.
there are no tables or charts in this image to extract.
contents about the report page 06 theme of the year: reimagining the future page 08 highlights for fy 2021-22 page 12 leadership message page 16 board & executive team page 22 about resl page 28 awards & recognition page 32 our values, purpose & strategic priorities page 34 corporate governance page 38 risk management page 44 sustainability @ resl page 46 value creation model page 52 stakeholder engagement & materiality assessment page 54 financial capital page 64 manufactured capital page 74 intellectual capital page 90 human capital page 100 social and relationship capital page 128 natural capital page 150 directors' report page 166 standalone financial statements & auditor's report thereon page 220 consolidated financial statements & auditor's report thereon page 298 gri index page 410 about the report image of a person with a laptop, representing the report 04 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 05 about the report india's largest integrated resource management company, re sustainability limited resl , is committed to making the world more sustainable.
we promote effective resource management in order to create increasing and sustained value for all our stakeholders.
in our second integrated report, we provide a comprehensive view of our progress, including quantitative and qualitative disclosures on the financial and non-financial aspects of our business.
our narrative also highlights the company's governance, business strategy, and emphasis on creating sustainable ecosystems globally.
the report discusses our relationship with key resources that help us to create long-term stakeholder and environmental value.
these resources are organized under six key capitals, namely, financial, manufactured, human, intellectual, natural, and social & relationship.
in keeping with our commitment to contributing to sustainable development globally, we have aligned our business objectives and growth strategies with the united nations sustainable development goals sdgs . the narrative of our overall performance also includes our contribution to the sdgs that are relevant to our business.
reporting principle this report is developed in accordance with the integrated reporting framework of the international integrated reported council iirc and the core requirements of the global reporting initiative gri . approach to materiality in presenting our sustainability performance, we have taken into account the issues that are most material to the business and our stakeholders.
material issues were determined on the basis of interactions with resl's senior management, employees and external stakeholders, and by referring to globally respected esg indices.
these material issues contribute to shaping the organization's growth strategy and plans.
reporting period the information reported is for the financial year from april 1, 2021, to march 31, 2022. reporting boundary the report covers information for all resl's operations in india unless stated otherwise.
unless otherwise stated resl refers to resl group data management the data in this report was compiled from a variety of internal sources and was verified by resl personnel.
our efforts include an analysis of conversion factors, assumptions, recurrent reviews, and audit trails.
feedback we value your interest in our sustainability efforts and invite you to share your feedback and questions with us.
contact details: name: govind singh e-mail address: govind.singh@resustainability.com reimagining the future for close to three decades, we have pioneered the waste management sector in india.
along this journey, we set several benchmarks – we established the first biomedical waste management facility in the country, the first industrial waste management facility in the country, the first integrated municipal waste management facility, and many others.
today, we stand at a point where we are managing 7 million tons of waste every year.
whilst we look back at our past with a sense of pride, we also realize that there is a lot more to do and a long way to go towards our goal of delivering at scale sustainability solutions across emerging economies.
as evidenced by the 2022 intergovernmental panel on climate change's ipcc recent sixth assessment report, the urgent call for sustainable development has never been stronger than in the present.
it is therefore clear and evident that what we do, has never been more important.
for sustainable development goals to be realised, the waste management sector needs to undergo a transformational change.
we believe that, as pioneers and sector leaders, we need to be at the forefront of this transformation.
therefore, as we reaffirm our purpose to create a more sustainable future for all, we have commenced a journey to redefine ourselves, from a leading waste management business to a global resource management and circular economy business.
our re-branding from ramky enviro engineers limited reel to re sustainability limited resl and our new visual identity is an expression of this intent.
as part of this transformation, we are reshaping our ambitions, refocusing our goals and realigning our expertise along a set of strategic priorities that include: sustainability impact at scale; innovation, inclusion & partnerships; operational excellence and digitalization; and a great place to work.
it is in this context and with this intent, we have set out to reimagine the future – a world with infinite resources and zero waste.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
highlights . the image is a simple graphic design showing a hand giving a thumbs-up gesture with stars floating above it.
it is likely meant to represent positive achievement or success.
there is no textual content to extract from this image beyond the title "highlights".
resl highlights fy 2021-22 ramky enviro engineers limited reel is now re sustainability limited 336 million units of electricity generated from waste to energy recovery facilities 22% fleet substitution with electric vehicles geographical expansion of operation at northeast - bmw under commissioning at agartala, tripura 5,000 tonnes per day of waste recycling first of its kind: precious metal recovery plant is under construction, hyderabad salt recovery from industrial waste trial runs in progress capacity addition facilities operations commenced : 2 tsdfs 1 c&d 1 msw 1 recyclables collection centre facilities under commissioning/expansion : 6 tsdfs 2 wte 7 msw 3 bmw 2 cetps advancing digitalization for internal operations and external stakeholder connect enhanced women empowerment women workforce initiative at narela, delhi marine waste management oman maritime waste treatment s.a.o.s initiative dei council diversity, equity and inclusion at workplace zero fatalities 50k+ csr beneficiaries financial highlights: 24.5% roce inr 459 cr pat inr 551 cr capital expenditure inr 940 cr ebitda notes: the image contains various icons representing each initiative or achievement.
there is no additional information or footnotes provided in the image.
leadership message the image shows a graphic design representing a leadership message, with a line drawing of a group of business people.
there is no textual content beyond the title "leadership message".
leadership message worldwide, leaders of developed and emerging economies are pledging billions of dollars for investment in sustainable development and solutions aimed at decarbonization.
parallelly, the idea of a circular economy is fast gaining traction, creating an immense change in waste generation, production, and consumption practices across industry sectors.
today, there is an increasing focus on minimizing waste generation and on viewing it as a resource of value.
these significant global changes are reason for hope and optimism.
on the one hand, they point to the growing recognition for increased sustainability worldwide.
on the other hand, they are the guiderails for re sustainability's resl's deepening evolution as a business focused on sustainable resource recovery and circular economy.
this change of direction promises tremendous opportunities for resl to create sustainability impact at scale.
it also enables us to substantially increase our contribution to achieving the un sustainable development goals that we have aligned with.
the esg approach to doing business with a well-formulated sustainability strategy and roadmap serves as resl's compass as we expand the scope of our business and work to create positive impacts for the business and the social and natural ecosystems in which we operate.
as we move ahead, we remain dedicated to leveraging the best of technology and innovation to create value at scale for the business and our varied stakeholder groups.
collaborations and targeted partnerships have a major role to play as we strive to realize our ambitions.
the impending launch of the unique innovation fund is a unique step, aimed to attract innovation efforts and partnerships that will enable us to move closer to fulfilling our aspirations.
in the coming years, we look forward to widening the scope of our collaborative associations by making the fund accessible to changemakers worldwide.
our people remain the bedrock of resl's sustained growth and success.
our commitment to increasing social inclusion and diversity will be achieved through internal initiatives such as the recently established diversity and inclusion council and through corporate social responsibility programmes among underserved communities.
the environmental impact of businesses is a critical consideration for many stakeholders, not least investors and communities.
this aspect is rapidly gaining recognition not only globally, but in india as well.
resl's focus on energy efficiency, decarbonization and effective water management are high priorities for the business while the implementation of circular economy principles in the company's processes will continue to find novel applications in our expanded scope.
as we move forward in a post-pandemic world, i would like to acknowledge everyone at resl and our many stakeholders for the resilience and fortitude they have displayed through some very trying times.
my sincere gratitude goes to the board members of resl, the executive team, our people and all other stakeholders who enable us to dream big, reimagine our role in the world and reshape our ambitions.
best wishes, bs shantharaju chairman < --image of bs shantharaju-- there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
leadership message fy 2021-22 has been a landmark year as we evolved from being ramky enviro engineers limited reel to re sustainability limited resl . powered by reshaped ambitions and a reimagined sustainable future, resl embodies the expanded scope of our business, transitioning from waste management to embracing sustainable resource recovery and a circular economy.
our new identity is an expression of our values and demonstrates the importance we place on technology and innovation at scale.
as a leading global resource management specialist, we are dedicated to creating a sustainable world that is abundant in resources and devoid of waste.
we have reiterated our commitment to creating sustainable value, underpinned by the pillars of environment, social, and governance esg . these dimensions are encapsulated in resl's proposition of creating sustainability impact at scale, fostering inclusion, innovation and partnerships, and in aspiring to be certified as a great place to work.
resl's expanded ambitions and consistent growth are rooted in ensuring our customer's sustainability objectives are addressed to high levels of satisfaction.
we continue to prioritize customer engagements and strive to introduce innovative solutions that support their growth trajectories.
in keeping with our ambition to create sustainability impact at scale, we have identified opportunities for business expansion in emerging economies and look ahead to reinforcing our footprint in these new international geographies.
in a year marked by economic challenges worldwide and the devastating second wave of the covid-19 pandemic, we remained focused on customer collections, a key component of our working capital.
this emphasis has stood us in good stead and resl registered revenues of inr 2,996 crores reflecting a growth of 17% over the previous year.
the company's top line grew across all business segments in india while top line for our international business saw a rise of 16%.
ebitda grew 25% to inr 940 crores, while margins expanded by 2%, driven by investments in future growth and effectively managed receivables.
additionally, pbt has recorded a 16% increase.
further, our credit rating has improved from stable to positive or aa, reflecting the company's sound fundamentals, financial management and consistent growth.
our financial performance owes credit to several factors.
innovation is key among these.
continuing to emphasize a culture of innovation within the organization, we are establishing a center of excellence research & innovation in hyderabad and envisage that it will lead, guide, and monitor all ongoing and future innovation projects.
sustainability initiatives recognizing that sustainability impact at scale calls for varied collaborations, we will launch the innovation fund, which gives sustainability innovators a platform to accelerate the development and implementation of ideas that can create large-scale impact.
through this fund, we would encourage innovation in decarbonization technologies, support the development and transition to a circular economy, and emphasize social inclusion as this shift occurs.
digitization too plays a strong role in our operations.
we have rolled out reeloop, a digital platform which gives our institutional customers a transparent view of the waste management process.
having seen its success in 8 cities in india, we now plan to make it more widely available in additional cities.
another technology-led initiative is the internal audit management system iams which supports improved risk and compliance management.
the integrated resource information system iris is soon to be deployed, with the aim of easing the process of monitoring our operations, from the collection of resource material to its disposal.
staying true to our vision of delivering world-class solutions with upgraded technology, resl rolled out several new initiatives in 2022. among these is the first-of-its-kind construction & demolition c&d recycling facility in hyderabad that provides a sustainable solution for waste generated during urbanization.
our hyderabad integrated municipal solid waste himsw site witnessed the inauguration of the world's first and india's largest landfill gas to compressed biogas plant which will support affordable transportation.
by 2025, india is estimated to have over 2 crore vehicles close to the end of their lifecycle.
taking the opportunity presented by the government of india's policy on vehicle scrappage and end-of-life vehicle management, resl announced a nationwide network of end-of-life vehicle recycling facilities on world environment day, supporting the theme of generationrestoration and reiterating our commitment to large-scale sustainable solutions.
the launch of our fleet of iot-enabled pickup trucks for hyderabad and secunderabad is envisaged to not only transform the waste management systems in the twin cities but also ensure the protection of the environment and people by deploying the latest technology.
resl's many endeavors include initiatives directed towards enabling citizens to adopt sustainable living practices.
the clean city delhi mobile application launched for residents of new delhi and the partnership with big fm in the big green ganesh initiative reflect our commitment to providing sustainable solutions in meaningful ways.
the best recognition of one's efforts is always that which emanates from critical and constructive scrutiny.
our efforts have been appreciated in the coveted cii 3r awards for excellence in waste management among several others that we have received in the current year.
resl's people have often extended themselves in moments of crisis and did so yet again as chennai was inundated late in 2021. resl's chennai team not only ensured efficient waste collection but also facilitated cleaning to minimize the risk of environmental and health hazards.
our people are the organization's most valuable resource, and their overall wellbeing and professional development is accorded due primacy.
we endeavor to engage meaningfully to foster a strong sense of belonging and ownership.
it is also a priority for us to build capacity to support employee productivity and to equip them with the skills to accept new challenges and responsibilities.
we also place strong emphasis on inculcating a culture and mindset of sustainability throughout the organization and have implemented initiatives that involve employees' active participation in achieving the company's sustainability goals.
while a periodic employee survey serves as a barometer of how we fare on supporting employee wellbeing and development, an external certification would enhance our credibility as an employer of choice.
to this end, we are working towards achieving a great place to work certification.
social inclusion is integral to resl's sustained growth.
we are making concerted efforts to enhance the diversity of our workforce and to be recognized as an equal opportunity employer.
deepening our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion, we established a diversity and inclusion council in fy 2021-22.
comprising members of our executive team and business operations, this council oversees the formulation and implementation of plans to enhance diversity and social inclusion within the organization.
our upstream value chain comprising our supply partners play a crucial role in fulfilling our sustainability ambitions.
we continue to implement initiatives that ensure we engage with those suppliers who run sustainable businesses and regularly screen our supply partners for environmental and social aspects.
we also support local procurement and, in the reporting year, directed 10% of our procurement expenditure towards local suppliers.
over the years, our corporate social responsibility csr initiatives have made a meaningful difference to the lives of the communities we work within.
in fy 2021-22, we maintained focus on each of the key thrust areas.
in addition, during the acute shortage of oxygen in the second wave of the pandemic, resl provided oxygen concentrators to the municipal authorities and government hospitals in multiple states in india.
these and other endeavors have won us the prci chanakya best hr initiative of the year-environmentally sustainable csr award for national and international achievers 2021. on behalf of resl, i am happy to present our second integrated report, developed in adherence with globally established standards and guidelines.
this report is a testimony to our efforts to reach for the highest levels of sustainability as an organization and to contribute to making the world more sustainable.
i would like to thank each one of our people at resl, the company's board of directors, investors, our customers, business partners, community members and other key stakeholders for their support.
without their faith and belief in our ambitions and capabilities, none of what we do would be possible.
best wishes, m goutham reddy managing director image of m goutham reddy board & executive team 20 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 21 board of directors b.s. shantharaju chairman and independent director mr. b.s. shantharaju is the chairman of the board and an independent director.
he is the chairman of the csr committee and serves as a member of the audit and nomination & remuneration committees of resl.
he has helped to lead and grow some of india's largest public services companies.
in his most recent role as ceo, he contributed to the expansion of indus towers into one of the top telecom companies in india.
prior to resl, he has held positions at bg group, smithkline beecham pharmaceuticals which is now a part of glaxo smithkline , hindustan aeronautics and eicher tractors.
narayan seshadri independent director mr. narayan k. seshadri is an independent director and chairman of the audit committee, risk management committee and the nomination & remuneration committees of resl.
mr. seshadri is the chairman & ceo of halcyon resources and management along with tranzmute capital which he co-founded in 2008. in addition, he currently serves as an independent director on the boards of several companies including sbi life insurance, astrazeneca pharma india, kalpataru power transmission, magma fincorp, pi industries, and wabco india.
in 2006 he established a special situations fund to invest in distressed and undervalued businesses.
hwee hua lim non-executive director ms. lim hwee hua is a non-executive director.
she is a member of the nomination & remuneration and csr committees of resl.
she is also a senior advisor to kkr and executive director of tembusu partners.
previously, she served as an elected member of singapore's parliament from december 1996 until may 2011 and served as minister in the prime minister's office.
before joining the singapore cabinet, ms. lim was managing director at temasek holdings where she oversaw divestments, company restructurings and sat on several corporate boards.
vaishali nigam sinha independent director ms. vaishali nigam sinha is an independent director and the chairperson of the esg committee of resl.
she also serves as the chief sustainability, csr and communications officer at renew power, one of india's largest renewable energy ipps independent power producer . under the ambit of renew india initiative rii , vaishali drives the company's csr and sustainability initiatives and is also founding chair, renew foundation.
as a former investment banker, vaishali worked for a decade at wall street and then london.
after that, with her return to india, she pursued her journey as a social entrepreneur.
committee membership key: c: chairperson m: member blue: audit committee green: nomination & remuneration committee black: executive board committee red: esg committee yellow: risk management committee teal: csr committee board of directors rohan suri non-executive director mr. rohan suri is a non-executive director and member of the audit and risk management committee of resl.
he joined kkr in 2012 and is a member of the private equity team.
mr. suri has been closely involved with multiple investments including alliance tire group atg , bharti infratel, five star finance, gland pharma, hdfc ltd., jio platforms, max financial services, max healthcare, reliance retail, sbi life insurance and vini cosmetics.
prior to kkr he was associated with bain & co.
at their new delhi and san francisco offices.
m. goutham reddy executive director, managing director mr. m. goutham reddy is the managing director of resl.
he is a member of executive board committee, risk management committee and csr committee at the company.
mr. reddy brings nearly 25+ years of experience related to the environment.
he has the credit and distinction of establishing india's first integrated hazardous waste, medical waste and municipal waste management facilities and has been part of developing india's largest waste to energy project.
prior to being the md & ceo of resl, he worked as executive director of ramky group, an infrastructure conglomerate focusing on public and environmental infrastructure and real estate.
masood mallick executive director, chief executive officer mr. masood mallick is the chief executive officer of resl.
along with that, he is also a member of executive board committee, esg committee and risk committee at the company.
he has worked with leading global corporations, investors and financial institutions on large capital projects, m&a, risk management and sustainability issues for over 25 years, across four continents.
mr. mallick has also advised the government of india on environmental policy and legislation, including regulatory standards and the country's sustainable development goals.
anil khandelwal executive director, joint managing director mr. anil khandelwal is the joint managing director of resl and is a qualified chartered accountant.
he also serves as a member of executive board committee and risk committee at the company.
with over 30 years of professional experience working with international corporations, mr. khandelwal brings extensive financial and commercial expertise including managing cash flow needs to foster organizational growth in india and international markets.
before joining resl, he was the chief financial officer with tata projects ltd, a subsidiary of the tata group.
board composition non-executive and non-independent directors rohan suri hwee hua lim independent directors b.s. shantharaju narayan seshadri vaishali nigam sinha executive team about re sustainability limited over the last 30 years resl revolutionized integrated waste management in india and abroad in our avatar as ramky enviro engineers limited.
our achievements and single-minded commitment to a sustainable future led us to consider reshaping our ambitions and expanding the ambit of our contribution to a sustainable world for all.
in fy 2021-22, we reaffirmed our purpose and directed our expertise and goals to creating long-term value and building resilience for a more sustainable world.
from being a business primarily focused on waste management, we redefined ourselves as a sustainable resource recovery and circular economy business.
we are now re sustainability limited, resl , a best-in-class global resource management specialist, committed to enabling a resource-abundant and zero-waste future with scale, speed, and innovation.
we continue to be a leader in the resource management sector in india, providing services to manage significant amounts of industrial and municipal solid waste as well as bio-medical waste.
more information about us is available on our corporate website https://resustainability.com/ our business solutions industrial waste management 1.1 mn+ tons of industrial waste handled per annum end-to-end secure logistics and processing of all types of hazardous waste municipal solid waste 4.6 million tons of waste processed and disposed 4.1 million tons waste collected and transported smart and holistic solutions e.grams., street sweeping, doorstep pickup, transportation, processing and disposal bio medical waste serving 400k+ beds across 40,000 healthcare establishments safe transportation and disposal of hospital and pharmaceutical waste including covid-19 waste , rejected or expired products waste to energy 336 million units generated from 2 wte plants with a combined capacity of 43.8 megawatt design, build and operate waste-to-energy plants recycling circular economy through value recovery from industrial, commercial, domestic waste, electronic waste, and construction and demolition waste etc. integrated environmental services integrated solutions blue-chip clientele best-in-class technology and r&d capabilities other business integrated end-to-end automated car park management facilities management marine waste management marpol a picture of a waste management truck.
our clientele we are a preferred partner for leading pharmaceutical, manufacturing, it, and fertilizer companies, as well as governments, municipal bodies, and healthcare establishments.
our presence resl today has an extensive presence spanning 21 indian states and 10 international countries across the asia pacific, south asia, middle east, africa, and the usa.
we are headquartered in hyderabad, in telangana state in south india.
map illustrating resl's operational locations across various countries.
key figures: 15+: municipal corporations in india 18k+: industrial clients 40k+: healthcare establishments in india regional breakdown of operations: india: 20 municipal waste facilities 17 industrial waste facilities 20 bio-medical waste facilities 6 c&d waste facilities 4 recyclables collection centres 3 plastic recycling facilities 2 e-waste recycling facilities corporate office singapore: car park management facilities management oman & uae: marine waste facility sohar, oman material recovery facility dubai medical and hazardous waste treatment facility abu dhabi epc and o&m projects awards and recognition the following is a list of awards and recognitions received: best waste management company of the year award, 2021 & 2022: 9th global safety summit awards best medical waste management practice award, 2021: middle east waste and recycling awards 2021, uae commendation for significant achievement in environment management himsw , 2021: 16th cii itc sustainability awards best hr initiative of the year - environmentally sustainable csr, 2021: public relations council of india excellence in managing plastic waste: cii 3r awards commendation for significant achievement in environment management dmswsl , 2021: 16th cii itc sustainability awards business excellence award 2021 for outstanding contributions in plastic waste management under epr services, 2021: policy times certificate of merit challengers category: frost and sullivan & teri cii national award for the best environmental practices, 2021: cii green co.
best employer award, 2020 awarded in 2021 : times ascent and world hrd congress best epr strategy award, 2022: bw recycling for greener tomorrow awards covid 19 excellence award, 2021: global safety summit image depicting various award trophies.
our values, purpose, and strategic priorities resl is committed to ethical business practices, ensuring customer satisfaction, innovation and ensuring the wellbeing of our people and communities to create shared value.
values integrity quality, timely and budgetary deliverance customer satisfaction safety, health and environment innovation social commitment purpose to be a leading provider of sustainability solutions across emerging economies strategic priorities sustainability impact @ scale inclusion, innovation and partnerships operational excellence and digitalization great place to work //image of a person looking through a telescope on an arrow, representing progress.
strategic priorities resl's strategy emanates from our proposition to create sustainability impact at scale, foster inclusion, innovation and partnerships and to aspire to be a great place to work.
additionally, we also emphasize operational and digital excellence as we strive to establish resl as a sustainable resource recovery and circular economy business committed to enhancing the sustainability of the world.
introducing reeloop app sustainability impact @ scale to achieve sustainability impact at scale, we are working towards establishing resl as a global player in circular economy.
we aim to reposition, scale up and actively grow priority businesses such as integrated waste management, bio-medical waste and recycling while restructuring the growth roadmap for other solutions.
achieving our ambition of being a globally recognized leader in sustainability solutions requires that we create impact on a very large scale.
we are laying the groundwork to be widely known as the partner of choice for sustainable solutions and for making zero waste to landfill a reality in india and emerging economies.
to this end, we look ahead to expanding our footprint in emerging economies and will do so by strengthening our presence in the middle east while entering new markets in south east asia.
image of a female employee inclusion, innovation and partnerships our focus on inclusion, innovation and partnerships will see resl foster an ecosystem of innovation through the innovation fund, as well as reinforce and forge new partnerships in technology research with cleantech innovators, academic institutions and corporates.
we are also working to promote a culture of innovation within the organization through targeted activities.
industry partnerships play an important role in realizing our ambitions and we aim to continue to participate actively in various forums.
community development, in many different dimensions, is integral to how we do business.
our sustained growth includes the wellbeing of the communities around us who will continue to receive support for socio-economic development through our corporate social responsibility csr initiatives.
operational excellence and digitalization we are putting in place plans to adopt latest technologies such as 5g that will support several planned and ongoing initiatives.
this technology will be harnessed to enhance efficiency as we roll out the integrated resource information system iris company-wide; it will also support the deployment of the reswm iot software solution for our msw operations.
further, it will play a key role in increasing transparency as we employ it to expand and upgrade our easy payment mechanism.
continuous improvements in operational excellence are fundamental to maintaining a sustained growth trajectory.
we prioritize this aspect of our business through efforts to strengthen a culture of safety, ensuring operational compliance, carrying out rigorous monitoring and automating key processes.
we will continue to augment the sustainability of our business by identifying opportunities that help us lower our carbon footprint and achieve net negative carbon status e.grams., through alternate fuels, electric mobility, solar energy, creating tree cover on scale etc. we also aim to be a water positive business in the coming years.
image of employees working together great place to work resl's people are our most powerful growth engine and ensuring the highest levels of employee wellbeing and satisfaction are among our foremost priorities.
we endeavour to create and deliver outstanding employee experiences and look forward to being certified as a great place to work by 2025. image of a diagram showing communication and work there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
corporate governance we believe that corporate governance is about creating sustainable value for the organization and all our stakeholders by ensuring sound decision making, and management underpinned by integrity, accountability, transparency, and an inclusive approach.
corporate governance at resl is driven by the highest standards of quality and ethical conduct.
the board's committees and our well-established policy framework guide the ethical governance of the company, so essential to our continued growth towards greater sustainability.
the board committees are described briefly below.
diagram showing the board committees audit committee the audit committee is responsible for the timely disclosure of the company’s financial performance and disclosures in accordance with legal obligations.
additionally, the audit committee updates the board and organization on changes and developments in the business and regulatory environment and promotes high standards of ethical conduct, transparency, and fairness in the organization’s operation and management.
this committee is tasked with various governance, finance, risk, compliance related works including: selecting or reappointing statutory auditors and paying their fees reviewing financial statements before they are submitted to the board as well as internal audit findings participating in the company’s significant financial transactions overseeing implementation of the whistle blower mechanism nomination and remuneration committee the nomination and remuneration committee develops and sets the standards to appoint directors and senior management for the company.
the principal roles of this committee include advising the board on the nomination or re-appointment of the directors and on remuneration and commissions.
the committee makes recommendations on board diversity and criteria to assess the performance of board members.
risk management committee the risk management committee is tasked with supporting the board of directors to identify, assess and mitigate internal and external risks that impact the organization’s operations and strategy.
this committee approves resl’s risk management framework and reviews the company’s risk management processes.
together with the audit committee, the risk management committee oversees the mitigation of significant risks that have been recognised by the business and key functions.
executive board committee this committee comprises resl’s executive directors who together are responsible for managing the company’s daily operations.
in doing so, this committee enables the board to focus on ensuring high standards organizational governance and helps the management to effectively manage the day to day operations.
esg committee the esg committee is responsible for upholding the company’s commitment to environmental sustainability and conservation, including climate change, health and safety of its employees and the communities in which it operates, corporate governance, reputation management, and diversity.
the committee also sees to it that pertinent procedures and guidelines are developed and implemented, as well as the periodic evaluations and preventative measures are taken to manage any risks to the environment, society, and health and safety that may result from the everyday activities of the company.
csr committee this committee recommends csr projects for resl to undertake, in accordance with the organization’s csr policy.
the committee is also involved in determining associated project costs and the roles and duties of various stakeholders and monitors project outcomes and the financial costs of csr activities.
policy framework the board of directors has approved governance policies that are formulated to protect the organization's interests as well as those of all internal and external stakeholders.
code of conduct and business ethics at resl, we are committed to lawful and ethical behaviour.
resl's code of conduct and business ethics describes how we aspire to work and guides us in our business relationships.
this code helps us to build long-term relationships with our clients, suppliers, authorities, business partners, employees and all other stakeholders.
it also carries guidelines that help the board to regulate and monitor the ethical governance and culture of the organization.
over the past four years there have been no significant incidents of code of conduct breaches.
whistle blower policy/vigil mechanism anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy gift and entertainment policy at resl, we believe that the company competes for and earns respect and business though the quality of our personnel, products, and services, not with gifts or lavish entertainment.
resl's gift and entertainment policy restricts the use of company funds or assets for gifts, gratuities, or other favours to government officials or any other individual or entities in the private or public sector that has the power to decide or influence the company's commercial activities.
likewise, business entertainment and the payment of travel, and lodging expenses are provided to someone doing business with the company only if it is infrequent, modest, and intended to serve legitimate business goals.
risk management policy this policy aids the risk management and audit committees in recognizing current and potential risks that resl faces from financial, external, and other circumstances.
it calls for identified risks to be immediately mitigated with oversight from the board committee.
data management and governance policy the aim of this policy is to safeguard resl's data management processes and protect the company against security, privacy, and privacy-related threats.
the policy requires that resl also comply with applicable local laws and regulations in this respect.
prevention of sexual harassment posh of women at workplace resl has zero tolerance for sexual harassment and gender-based discrimination and treats complaints of harassment seriously.
the company's posh policy adheres with india's sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013. it describes the conditions/scenarios that constitute harassment during the company's business and provides instructions on how to file complaints and seek redressal.
the organization's posh policy is implemented by the posh committee, a management body, which also oversees the prompt and proper resolution of complaints.
in accordance with legal regulations, each resl location has a posh committee.
the company periodically conducts trainings to enhance awareness and information about sexual harassment, the channels for filing complaints, and resl's zero-tolerance stance.
related parties policy this policy applies to all transactions transfers of assets, obligations, or services, without regard to consideration made with the board of directors, key managerial personnel of the company and their close families, and related parties.
to ensure there is no conflict with the company's interests, the policy lays down criteria for transactions that are conducted at arm's length and requires the permission of the audit committee, board of directors, or shareholders as necessary . further, the policy calls for related party transactions to be disclosed.
40 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 41 case study: sustainability month, 2021 over the years, resl has marked the first week of november as ethics and compliance week, an initiative to reiterate the organization's values and philosophy of functioning among all employees.
in fy 2021-22, the event was celebrated on a larger scale, with the entire month of november designated as sustainability month, 2021. the theme of the celebrations was embedding sustainability through governance, risk and compliance with the objective to encourage building a better and sustainable future for resl while creating organizational, social and environmental values.
the event comprised multiple engaging activities that attracted the participation of resl employees from across the company's many sites and locations.
knowledge sessions were conducted on sustainability, information security and technology for sustainability, governance, risk and compliance, hr policies, diversity and social commitment.
risk management at resl, risk management supports value creation through a comprehensive process of risk identification, defining implications for the business, prioritization, and mitigation.
we take into consideration a variety of different risks that emanate from within the organization as well as from the external business, economic, regulatory, environmental, and social landscapes.
along with becoming resustainability and expanding the ambit of our business into sustainable resource management, we developed an enterprise risk management erm framework in fy 2021-22.
this was accompanied by numerous trainings and workshops that established and reiterated the importance of risk management across the organization.
we also finalized the detailed risk registers for every business and support function of resl during this time.
we are in the process of establishing dedicated risk champions and risk owners at different touchpoints in the organization.
being the final owners of risk, our business and function heads will take responsibility for managing risk at an operational level.
the offices of the general counsel and chief compliance officer will monitor the implementation of the erm framework with guidance from the board's risk management committee.
table: key risks identified for resl risk category: socio-political risks, risk summary: lack of co-operation and poor information among communities around our operations can impact business continuity and revenues, response/mitigation plan/action: csr programs are being conducted to improve relationships and support the growth of the local areas.
awareness sessions to reduce fear of emissions from plants.
response/mitigation plan/action: local workforce has been hired to create more awareness and relationships.
continuous dialogue with the local communities to improve relationship and understanding of resl's business.
risk category: compliance risks, risk summary: severe operational and reputational consequences from non-adherence with legal and regulatory requirements, response/mitigation plan/action: a compliance tool has been implemented with a comprehensive list of applicable compliances.
regular audits at different levels have been conducted to ensure proper monitoring of compliances.
response/mitigation plan/action: legal team maintains a tracker of licenses and permits.
continuous trainings have been provided.
risk category: human resource risks, risk summary: gaps in talent attraction and retention can adversely impact revenues and profitability, response/mitigation plan/action: performance-based leadership development programs and role enhancements have been implemented to retain and develop leaders and key talent internally.
risk category: environmental risks, risk summary: impact on business from climate change and related regulations, response/mitigation plan/action: implemented continuous emissions monitoring system cems with data access to pollution control boards risk category: safety risk, risk summary: adverse health and safety events leading to injury/loss of life, response/mitigation plan/action: adequate health and safety procedures and infrastructure have been implemented.
daily toolbox talks and briefings on safety trainings.
weekly and monthly trainings are implemented.
response/mitigation plan/action: graphical awareness posters and trainings have been implemented to increase awareness.
facilities have been assessed for risk of natural disasters and mitigation plans have been developed.
response/mitigation plan/action: audit plan for safety conducted.
observations, root causes and mitigations are shared and implemented across sites.
cultural changes to ohs have been developed.
procedures and standards have been updated.
note: the image contained several bullet points under each risk category and response section; these have been consolidated for clarity in the markdown table.
the image also included visual representations likely charts or diagrams , but those could not be reproduced in a text-based markdown format.
sustainability @ resl sustainability has been the cornerstone of resl's business from its inception, over 25 years ago.
reiterating our commitment to sustainable development, in fy 2021-22, we transitioned from ramky enviro engineers ltd to re sustainability, embedding sustainability across our value chain.
our commitment confirms our endeavours to reimagine the world sustainably and is demonstrated in our commitment to building a robust business ecosystem, ensuring that we create value for our people and communities and exemplify leadership in climate action, effective resource management and environmental protection.
we have adopted the esg approach to sustainable growth and value creation and have ensured that these considerations underpin all aspects of the business.
our commitment to sustainability is also reflected in our esg charter and a comprehensive esg program which guides strategy formulation and the actions we take to make the world a more sustainable place.
in addition, our strategy for sustainable growth emphasizes increased adoption of circular economy principles.
sustainability at resl is overseen by the board's esg committee, led by an independent director with extensive sustainability experience, to guide our efforts to achieve our esg goals.
notes: the image contains a diagram illustrating the interconnectedness of business ecosystem, people, and environment within resl's sustainability framework.
no specific numerical data or tables are present in the provided image.
our sustainability framework our sustainability strategy is built on three pillars that align with the esg approach: business ecosystem, people, and the environment.
each pillar comprises clearly defined objectives and is supported by a well-defined roadmap that enables us to align our work with the sdgs and contribute to their fulfillment.
positively impact communities wherever we are good health and well-being sdg 3 quality education sdg 4 gender equality sdg 5 decent work and economic growth sdg 8 reduced inequalities sdg 10 responsible consumption and production sdg 12 enhance wellbeing, safety and health at work good health and well-being sdg 3 decent work and economic growth sdg 8 promote diversity and equality of opportunities gender equality sdg 5 decent work and economic growth sdg 8 provide environmental solutions to emerging economies clean water and sanitation sdg 6 affordable and clean energy sdg 7 decent work and economic growth sdg 8 industry, innovation and infrastructure sdg 9 sustainable cities and communities sdg 11 partnerships for the goals sdg 17 build sustainable, resilient models and partnerships affordable and clean energy sdg 7 decent work and economic growth sdg 8 industry, innovation and infrastructure sdg 9 partnerships for the goals sdg 17 act ethically and ensure compliance decent work and economic growth sdg 8 responsible consumption and production sdg 12 innovate technologies for a circular economy industry, innovation and infrastructure sdg 9 responsible consumption and production sdg 12 demonstrate climate leadership and net negative carbon status climate action sdg 13 improve environmental quality and mitigate pollution sustainable cities and communities sdg 11 responsible consumption and production sdg 12 . diagram showing the sustainability framework's three pillars and their interconnected sdgs.
recommiting to sustainable development goals strengthen the means of implementation & revitalize the global partnership and sustainable development partnership with iits - landfill design validation and sustainability policy advocacy - ficci, cii, assocham partnership with neeri for environmental assessments partner with the national bank for agriculture and rural development nabard to enable farmers to conserve and manage natural resources such as soil and water promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels human rights redressal system grievance redressal system protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss diversion of waste from landfill through coprocessing and other means incorporation of vertical landfills 30% project area under green cover conserve and sustainably use the oceans, sea and marine resources for sustainable development oman maritime waste management s.a.o.s treatment project target shipping related industries in the port that generate waste take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts around 32% of fleet consist of compressed natural gas cng and electric vehicles ev 12% aux power consumption maintained in wte ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns salt recovery plant reduces the load on landfills and the salt being hygroscopic, does not generate leachate, thereby prevents soil contamination 1,83,561 paver blocks/kerb stones/bricks made from c&d waste 83,678 mt of compost generated from municipal solid waste make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable 45,94,402 mt of msw processed and disposed 3,10,985 mt of c&d waste handled 49,035 mt of bmw handled toilets, solar lights, drainage works, road repairs, are part of our csr activities reduce inequality within and among countries current share of women employees in all management positions has significantly increased diversity, equity and inclusion council and equal opportunity employer end hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture inclusion of organic farming, consumers got nutritious food which was free from chemicals our csr activities increased beneficiaries crop yield by 200 kgs per acre cost of cultivation reduced from inr 28,000 to inr 18,000 through organic farming ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages employee wellbeing initiatives robust ohs system, trainings, initiatives, and presence of a safety committee food, ppe material, oxygen concentrators, support to phcs, medical camps, flood relief activities, drinking water facility through 13 ro plants bore wells & medical aid 15,000 families benefitted from resl's health initiatives ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all school renovation activities isha- integrated school holistic approach project wherein government schools receive assistance in the form of scholarships, educational materials, classroom construction, hygienic sanitation etc. impact: 3,500+ students across 5 states to achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls women's day celebration diversity, equity and inclusion council ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all 500 - 1,000 lph capacity ro plants installed across multiple states recycle and reuse of water: ro, mee, atfd, spray drier, mvr plants ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all the solar plant at hyderabad integrated municipal solid waste treatment facility produced 0.225 mu of electricity 2 wte plants at hyderabad and delhi that generate 336 mu of electricity promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all inr 2,996 cr revenue and inr 551 cr capital expenditure 24.5% roce making employees a part of sustainability goals innovation fund build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization & foster innovation mechanized stabilization introduced to automate the treatment process 11,42,583 mt of industrial hazardous waste handled re sustainability limited image of the sustainable development goals wheel value creation model drivers: integrity , inputs: financial capital capex allocated for organization's growth: inr 551 cr working capital: inr 847 cr debt-equity ratio: 0.30, value created: financial capital ebitda: 940 cr 5-year cagr: 14.05% revenue growth roce at 24.5% in fy 21-22 sustainable growth driven by operational performance drivers: customer satisfaction , inputs: manufactured capital india: - msw: 20 facilities - tsdf: 17 facilities - plastics recycling: 3 facilities - recyclables collection centre: 4 facilities - e-waste: 2 facilities singapore – car park management & facilities management middle east – marine waste facility, material recovery facility, medical and hazardous waste treatment facility, value created: manufactured capital 16 facilities are certified for iso 9001, 14001, and 45001 standards waste to resources: - energy produced: 335,883 megawatt-hours - number of paver blocks/kerb stones/bricks made: 183,561 - rdf sent to cement industry : 162,200 mt - plastics recycled: 5,986 mt - compost produced: 83,678 mt - cbg generated from landfills: 47.5 mt drivers: innovation , inputs: intellectual capital 11 researchers/scientists in resl r&d centers across 3 indian states resource allocation for advancing towards digitalization, value created: intellectual capital digitalization tools for internal operations and external stakeholder connect – reeloop, iris, iams unique initiative: - marine waste management marpol - innovation fund - salt recovery from industrial waste drivers: quality, timely and budgetary deliverance , inputs: human capital total number of regular full-time employees in india: 10,204 28,537+ hours of training per employee of training provided 94,703 total man-hours of training per employee of safety training provided to management employees cost for external training incurred: inr 8,61,000 dei council constituted, value created: human capital 25% representation of women on the board 100% of employees receive performance and career development reviews zero reported fatalities employee engagement score: 5.3 drivers: safety, health and environment , inputs: social & relationship capital resl csr expenditure: inr 10 cr approx.
employee volunteering: one day in a year encouraged engaging with 3,700+ suppliers strategic training and development sessions conducted for customers, value created: social & relationship capital improving farmer livelihood: 2000 families access to safe drinking water: 13 ro plants installed women empowerment: positive lifestyle change for 88.5% of women trained promoting education: upgraded classroom infrastructure in 30 schools digital payment gateway tool to formalize informal waste sector programs to create awareness for segregation of waste drivers: social commitment , inputs: natural capital 500 kw solar plant set up at himsw facility 43.8 megawatt waste to energy plant established 8 mee/evaporation plants in operation 1 mvr plant in operation, value created: natural capital strategic focus on waste to resource – rdf, waste heat recovery, and recycling avoided emissions fossil fuel burning through wte: 261,989 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent dry scrubbing system developed to reduce the water usage in pollution control devices renewable energy generated from solar power plant: 225.46 megawatt-hours 12% aux power consumption maintained in wte table end.
purpose: to be a leading provider of sustainability solutions across emerging economies notes: the diagram shows a visual representation of the value creation model, illustrating the interaction between drivers, inputs, and value created across various capital types.
specific data points are extracted into the table above.
stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment stakeholder engagement at resl, we focus on maintaining relationships based on mutual trust, transparency, and accountability with our many stakeholder groups.
we engage with them on an ongoing basis on numerous topics using a variety of appropriate channels, both formal and informal.
table: stakeholder engagement channels and topics stakeholder group: employees, engagement channels: internal employee communications, townhall meetings, trainings, leadership webinars, engaging leadership sessions, team building activities and employee engagement initiatives, social media, topics/areas of concern: company's mission, vision, values, health and safety, compliance; capacity building; internal communications and achievements; sustainability objectives and initiatives stakeholder group: customers, engagement channels: in-person dialogues, grievance redressal system, trade shows, topics/areas of concern: customer satisfaction; trust and transparency-based relationship building; achieve customer sustainability goals stakeholder group: suppliers, engagement channels: quarterly review meetings, supplier audits and onboarding system, topics/areas of concern: transparency; sustainable procurement stakeholder group: local communities, engagement channels: csr and social development initiatives, topics/areas of concern: community development; enhanced quality of life; environmental preservation stakeholder group: government & regulatory authorities, engagement channels: mandatory compliance reports, industry forums, statutory meetings, policy advocacy, topics/areas of concern: compliance with esg requirements stakeholder group: investors, engagement channels: board meetings, annual general meeting, investor meets, topics/areas of concern: governance and financial performance; approvals and information rights as required by the articles of association; esg performance; business updates; growth plans stakeholder group: bankers, engagement channels: in-person meetings/visits, topics/areas of concern: transparent financial transactions; debt repayment as per agreed schedule; funding arrangements table end.
materiality assessment we believe that true value is created only when we channel our resources to address issues that are significant for our stakeholders and impact their lives meaningfully.
we identify material issues using a robust and systematic process of identifying a universe of material issues followed by in-depth stakeholder interactions to prioritize them.
this process is depicted below.
1 identification based on: resl's integrated report for fy 2021 peer sustainability reports external standards a broad list of issues identified across 6 capitals: financial, natural, human, manufactured, intellectual, social & relationship 2 prioritization multiple discussions with internal and external stakeholders across several categories external esg standards that represent multi-stakeholder requirements comprehensive representation of stakeholder needs in a materiality matrix esg standards and the stakeholder groups they represent: investor, supply partner, ngo requirements, sustainability accounting standards board sasb , dow jones sustainability index djsi , msci, global reporting initiative gri indian regulatory requirements: business responsibility and sustainability reporting brsr overall stakeholder requirements: un sustainable development goals sdgs a diagram showing stakeholder engagement methods.
different stakeholders regulatory body, clients, community, senior management, employees, investors, suppliers are shown with their respective engagement methods in person, video call, online survey . resl materiality following their prioritization, the material issues are then mapped on two axes, namely: importance to external stakeholders and importance to resl.
the resultant materiality matrix is depicted below.
table: resl materiality matrix s.no.: 1, universe of issues: fleet fuel management, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: manufactured, natural capital s.no.: 2, universe of issues: air emissions, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: low, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 3, universe of issues: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 4, universe of issues: water efficiency, recycle and reuse, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 5, universe of issues: biodiversity management, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 6, universe of issues: hazardous and non-hazardous waste management, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: low, capital type: manufactured capital s.no.: 7, universe of issues: sustainable supply chain management, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: all capital s.no.: 8, universe of issues: chemical safety, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: manufactured capital s.no.: 9, universe of issues: product safety and quality, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: manufactured capital s.no.: 10, universe of issues: sustainable raw materials, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 11, universe of issues: occupational health and safety, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: human capital s.no.: 12, universe of issues: community engagement/ csr, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: social & relationship capital s.no.: 13, universe of issues: human rights across value chain, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: social & relationship capital s.no.: 14, universe of issues: employee training and skill development, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: human capital s.no.: 15, universe of issues: talent attraction & retention, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: low, capital type: human capital s.no.: 16, universe of issues: promotion of diversity and inclusiveness, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: human capital s.no.: 17, universe of issues: sustained profitability, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: medium, capital type: financial capital s.no.: 18, universe of issues: corporate governance, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: high, capital type: all capital s.no.: 19, universe of issues: branding and reputation, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: medium, capital type: all capital s.no.: 20, universe of issues: customer support and satisfaction, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: social & relationship capital s.no.: 21, universe of issues: regulatory compliance, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: all capital s.no.: 22, universe of issues: innovation and r&d, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: low, capital type: intellectual capital s.no.: 23, universe of issues: data privacy & cyber security, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: low, capital type: all capital s.no.: 24, universe of issues: sustainability disclosures, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: high, capital type: all capital table end.
material issues and reasons for importance the rationale behind choosing the material issues is as mentioned below: table: material issues and reasons for importance material issues: natural capital material issues: fleet fuel management, reason for importance: fossil fuels are a major source of greenhouse gas emissions increasing cost of fossil fuels impacts operational costs material issues: air emissions, reason for importance: area of high concern and risk for health emissions are a priority with respect to regulatory compliance material issues: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, reason for importance: high risk to the climate and health increasing focus on renewable energy among investors and global peers regulatory requirements require action on greenhouse gas emissions material issues: water efficiency, recycle and reuse, reason for importance: rapid groundwater depletion and increasing contamination resl operates a few facilities in water stressed areas and needs continued access to water the regulatory environment with respect to water is dynamic and calls for different responses material issues: chemical safety, reason for importance: health risks potential risk of customer backlash and damage to resl image in the event of an accident material issues: hazardous and non-hazardous waste management, reason for importance: regulatory risks arising from non-compliance as waste management is a core business area, any gaps pose high reputational risks note: this issue is also relevant to natural capital material issues: human capital material issues: occupational health and safety, reason for importance: health of the organization's workforce is high priority employees' health and safety have significant implications for operational continuity material issues: human rights across value chain, reason for importance: high regulatory demand for adherence area of high risk for resl's reputation material issues: social and relationship capital material issues: community engagement/csr, reason for importance: communities are key to operational continuity and sustainable business growth non-adherence poses risk of reputational loss material issues: sustainability disclosures, reason for importance: key to building and maintaining transparent and trust-based relationship with investors and other stakeholders material issues: financial capital material issues: sustained profitability, reason for importance: area of priority to ensure business continuity and growth as well as to prevent bankruptcy material issues: across all capitals material issues: corporate governance, reason for importance: essential to operating to high standards of transparency and accountability any governance lapses could result in lowered trust and credibility among investors and other stakeholders material issues: regulatory compliance, reason for importance: key to operational continuity and to resl's reputation table end.
illustrative image depicting a sustainable city.
financial capital image of a money bag and coins 62 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 63 there is no tabular or chart data in the provided image.
the image primarily contains a graphic representation of the concept of "financial capital." financial capital as corporates across the globe are riddled with the pressing challenge of the climate crisis, resl has ensured that cities remain clean, and residents stay safe by provisioning continual resource management services.
resl's comprehensive and proven financial planning process ensures timely sourcing of funds and its optimum utilization by investing in sustainable business growth for the future.
large projects which are highly capital intensive are funded through long-term loans especially for waste to energy wte projects and municipal solid waste msw integrated projects, which helps to maintain a better debt-equity mix to optimize returns for equity holders.
we at resl are majorly focused on customer collections, as it is critical to our working capital.
customer payments within the due dates are ensured to help reduce the working capital requirements and enhance cash position.
most of our opex and capex fund requirements are met through the internal accruals generated from the operations.
our cash flow from operations cfo in percentage of ebitda stands as the best in the industry which is indicative of the cash position of the company to meet almost all capital requirements through internal sources.
financial planning focus areas overview customer collections major working capital element of current assets payments ensured within due dates to reduce working capital requirements and enhance cash position minimizing higher costs of funds generate large amount of long-term loans at best interest rates with 100% covenants compliance new project investment viability strong process in place to evaluate new project investment viability ensures the achievement of timely and targeted returns as per company policy generates revenue and profitability for the company for longer periods a diagram showing the financial planning process.
financial planning process overview allocation of funds: based on pre-approved budget to the group companies based on their requirement for opex as well as capex.
generated funds allocation: to subsidiaries, joint ventures and investments in capital assets to support their growth through various means such as inter-corporate loans, unsecured debt, equity infusion etc. debt maturity profile alignment: with long gestational projects, and maintaining flexible capital structure in line with the business needs will help in savings on interest cost and ensures the desired liquidity levels.
day-to-day operations management: through operating cash surplus.
the surplus funds are invested in short-term instruments like term deposits and mutual funds.
robust monitoring mechanism: to track key performance drivers.
we have top-quality financial performance indicators which are best in industry.
resl's financial metrics consolidated table: financial indicators fy 2021-22 inr cr unless otherwise specified indicator: capital expenditure, value: 550.64 indicator: debt finance raised, value: 410.10 indicator: equity finance raised, value: 12.41 indicator: revenues, value: 2,996.91 indicator: 5-year cagr, value: 14.05% indicator: ebitda, value: 940.13 indicator: pat, value: 459.01 indicator: working capital, value: 847.32 indicator: free cash flow, value: 3.56 indicator: debtors/receivables turnover, value: 2.78 indicator: inventory turnover, value: 7.32 indicator: interest coverage ratio, value: 17.55 indicator: current ratio, value: 1.91 indicator: debt-equity ratio, value: 0.30 indicator: operating profit margin, value: 23% indicator: eps inr , value: 1,102.89 indicator: roe, value: 16.6% indicator: roce ce net of cash , value: 24.5% indicator: reported taxes, value: 102.34 indicator: effective tax rate % , value: 18.2% indicator: cash tax rate % , value: 21.7% table end.
resl highlights for fy 2021-22 ebitda ebitda margins expanded by 2% from 29% in fy 21 to 31% in fy 22. all segments reported healthy and double-digit growth.
domestic business grew by 29%, and international by 24% despite the drop in singapore covid grants.
growth in msw by 28%, iwm by 20%, bmw by 20%, wte by 63%, recycling by 612%, and me by 148% showcase a strong growth path.
resl will continue to invest for future growth.
provision for doubtful debts pdd significantly reduced from 81 cr in fy 2021-22 to 40 cr in fy 2021-22 due to better management of receivables and acquiring regular payments from major customers in the municipal segment.
revenue revenue growth by 17% compared to fy 2020-21.
ebitda has grown by 25%.
pbt grew by 16% compared to fy 2020-21 despite higher depreciation due to asset capitalizations.
business top line has grown across all major segments in india: municipal msw , industrial iwm , bio-medical bmw , waste to energy wte , and recycling.
international business grew by 16% in top line.
singapore reported growth across cleaning, car park/facility management segments.
middle east reported double-digit growth in top line and entered design build own operate dboo project model.
capex and key ratios overall capex including investments of rs.570 cr has been invested during fy 2021-22.
more than 70% was for the growth of new projects across msw, iwm, wte, bmw, and recycling.
projects across singapore and jvs/associates in the middle east also received investments.
key ratios achieved are the best in the industry: roce ce net of total cash 24.5%, roe 16.6%, dscr 6.2x, debt: equity 0.3x, and net debt to ebitda 0.39x. external credit external credit rating of the company was reaffirmed at 'aa' or 'positive', and the outlook updated from 'stable' to 'positive'.
this is indicative of the firm's growth and achieved targets.
notes: the provided image contains charts illustrating ebitda and pat trends from fy2017-18 to fy2021-22, along with diagrams depicting industrial processes.
the numerical data from these charts has been summarized in the tables above.
key achievements for fy 2021-22 msw 36% tpd growth the overall msw handled tpd tonnes per day has grown by 36%.
hyderabad c&t scope has been expanded.
chennai's new c&t contract has been started and fully ramped up.
iwm 10% overall tonnage growth overall tonnage grew by 10%; better mix & rate has contributed to 9% of the top line along with the new tsdf in saltora and delhi which are being ramped up.
wte 95%+ plant load factor in hyderabad wte hyderabad wte fully ramped up in fy 22 and started delivering better results than expected due to better waste quality, operational excellence.
bmw 14% no.
of beds growth no.
of beds grew by 14% and margins expanded by 3% from 33% in fy 2020-21 to 36% in fy 2021-22 . major growth comes from increase in c&d with full scale ramp up achieved in noida and fathulguda c&d sites.
better volumes/new contracts and favourable prices under both paper/crm have helped to achieve 7x ebitda growth.
one more recyclables collection centre has been added.
recycling 7x edibta growth technology initiatives fy 2021-22 successfully completed the migration of sap hana at our international projects in singapore and the middle east, bringing the entire resl group under one erp system.
implemented secured banking system for auto payment disbursements integrated with sap hana using h2h connectivity.
implemented order to cash, quality, and production modules for the industrial business segment; roll-out to bio-medical business in-progress.
created an online secured digital payment collection solution partnering with pioneer s in payment gateway for business partners to have improved collections and a reconciliation system.
improved it security systems to enable: end-point security and encryption periodic security assessments establishment of security csirt and command center developed and implemented msw operations command center for process excellence and kpi monitoring.
developed an e-invoicing system and enabled qr code identification system.
. note: this placeholder represents the flowchart in the original image illustrating technology initiatives.
strategic focus of financial management at resl project shikhar successfully implemented project shikhar to transform various aspects of our business.
target of annualized cost reduction/profit improvement and delivering the full potential which will help to achieve better ebitda margins across various business segments.
capability building, leadership development and upgradation and institutionalization of key processes.
under project shikhar, we approved 53 ideas worth inr 54.4 crores.
ideas worth inr 5.6 crores were implemented.
fight against covid-19 despite covid 2nd wave, resl did not stop business for even a single day.
our employees were at the forefront of the nation's covid fight through the year, keeping our cities clean and handling 50 tons+ covid waste daily to ensure no reinfections occur.
lenders reduced cost of borrowing from existing lenders as well as induction of new lenders in the system.
projected way forward erp sap hana : to be expanded to integrate and automate all manual processes.
operational cash collection: focus on operational cash collection through various schemes and improvement in payments from municipalities with continuous focus on outstanding receivables.
capex spend: enhance capex spend across all key business segments towards growth capex.
capital structure optimization: short-term and long-term fund planning for optimizing the capital structure and to invest in major capital-intensive projects with lower finance cost and also re-financing of major wte projects.
recycling business: significant focus on recycling business – operational excellence in plastics manufacturing process.
e-waste and end of life vehicle elv plants to be commissioned and operate at full scale under new segments.
external rating improvement: improvement of external rating of the group by at least one notch.
image likely shows a flowchart depicting the projected way forward.
manufactured capital 72 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 73 waste handled resl's waste management facilities across the country manage several million total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of waste each year, employing environment-friendly technologies to convert waste into sustainable products.
the table below shows the total waste handled under different categories for fy 2021-22.
table: total waste handled fy 2021-22 waste: municipal solid waste msw processed and disposed , quantity of waste handled mt : 45,94,402 waste: msw collected and transported, quantity of waste handled mt : 41,16,239 waste: industrial/hazardous waste, quantity of waste handled mt : 11,42,583 waste: biomedical waste bmw , quantity of waste handled mt : 49,035 waste: construction & demolition c&d waste, quantity of waste handled mt : 3,10,985 waste: plastics recycled, quantity of waste handled mt : 5,986 waste: recyclables collected and redirected to authorized recyclers, quantity of waste handled mt : 8,043 waste: e-waste treated, quantity of waste handled mt : 411 table end.
\ including compost, rdf, wte etc. municipal solid waste management resl processed and disposed 45,94,402 mt of municipal solid waste at 11 locations in india, including 2 waste to energy wte plants.
with a staff of more than 8,000 people and one of the biggest transportation fleets in the country, we primarily serve municipal corporations as our clients.
our offerings include waste collection, which includes doorstep pickup and street sweeping, as well as the delivery of municipal solid waste to processing facilities.
we use transfer stations when necessary, during transit.
resl collected and transported 41,16,239 mt municipal solid waste at 13 locations during the fy 2021-22.
industrial waste handled at treatment, storage, and disposal facilities tsdf we collect, transport, store, and handle hazardous material at our facilities, and ensure they are disposed of appropriately.
either secure landfills or thermal decomposition, commonly referred to as incineration, are used for disposal.
when a landfill is fully utilized, we permanently seal it and keep an eye on it to ensure relevant central pollution control board cpcb guidelines and the hazardous & other waste management & transboundary movement rules, 2016 and its subsequent amendments, are complied with.
at present, we have 17 operational tsdfs.
6 more tsdfs are being established and are at different stages of construction.
in the reporting period, resl managed approx.
1.14 million mt of various hazardous waste as follows: direct landfill dlf : 2,52,379 mt stabilization: 7,96,310 mt incineration inc : 84,171 mt alternative fuel & raw material afr : 9,723 mt our processing facility is fully geared up to segregate waste and extract as much value from organic material, plastic, glass, metals, and construction debris as is feasible.
from msw, the following products were generated: compost: 83,678 mt rdf to cement industry: 1,62,200 mt rdf to energy production: 10,49,264 mt cbg generated: 47.5 mt recyclables recovered: 26,425 mt energy generated: 3,35,883 megawatt-hours we have state-of-the-art dual chamber incineration facilities and laboratories that are accredited by the national accreditation board for testing and calibration laboratories nabl /ministry of environment, forest, and climate change moef&cc . we also have mechanized stabilizing systems, and other facilities and services that meet international standards.
high-end machinery like excavators, backhoe loaders, forklifts, dozers, compactors, incinerators, weighbridges, and specially designed waste carrying vehicles are some of our assets.
we have also put in place state-of-the-art equipment to track emissions and the effect of our operations on the quality of the air continuous emission monitoring system cems . we have leveraged digital tools, such as sap sd module to automate the processes from waste weighment to disposal and from disposal to invoicing.
a fleet digitization programme has also been adopted for improved accessibility of information, leading to higher operational efficiency.
biomedical waste management resl is one of india's top suppliers of bio-medical waste management services through its subsidiaries.
at present, we have 20 operational facilities.
7 more facilities are being planned and are in various stages of implementation.
we work with more than 40,000 healthcare facilities nationwide, managing up to 49,035 mt of biomedical waste annually.
in the reporting period, total quantity of plastics and glass recovered from the waste and then sent for recycling are 5,298 mt and 1,813 mt respectively.
in addition to the healthcare establishments, pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms are among our clients, for whom we handle the secure disposal of rejected goods and expired products.
with prompt customer collections, safe waste treatment and disposal, we strive to deliver world-class service.
we continuously upgrade our vehicles, shredders, autoclaves, and incinerators to meet international requirements as part of asset management for bio-medical waste.
case study: entry into emerging geographies with the establishment of environmental infrastructure at the active pharmaceutical ingredients api manufacturing park at munshigonj, bangladesh bangladesh, with its proximity to india and rapid economic and industrial growth, offers an opportunity for resl's expansion ambitions.
being a large producer of textiles, leather goods, pharmaceuticals, etc., the country's industries generate considerable quantities of industrial waste which are hazardous in nature.
in addition, urban populations produce large quantities of solid waste and sewage.
except for a few municipal solid waste dump yards and medical waste handling facilities managed by city corporations, the country has limited facilities for waste management.
however, this situation is changing as there is now considerable emphasis on waste management, by the government as well as industries.
the bangladesh association of pharmaceutical industries bapi , with support from the government, planned to establish an industrial park to house api manufacturing industrial units.
the park was to include wastewater management facilities, in compliance with local regulations as well as the requirements of the us fda in order to export to international markets.
however, no plans had been made for the management of other waste.
resl spotted an opportunity in this situation and emphasized to bapi that it should also install infrastructure to sustainably manage all other types of waste.
in addition, we also made a case for maintaining the industrial park as a clean and green industrial area.
our plan was accepted, and bapi and resl agreed to develop and maintain environmental infrastructure in the industrial park.
the facilities were developed with an investment of united states dollar 15 million and include: envisaged park infrastructure better acceptance of the products manufactured at the park in global markets enhanced value for the park as an investment destination enabling manufacturing units to concentrate on their core strengths of production, product development, market enhancement, etc., while a common facility takes care of waste management and environmental sustainability obligations the industrial park providing an environment which would enhance employee wellbeing and productivity infrastructural facilities treatment and reuse of entire quantity of wastewater generated within the park making it a zero liquid discharge zld industrial area scientific disposal of hazardous solid wastes insulating their permeability into ground and ground water thermal destruction of highly toxic waste circularity solutions for solid wastes such as plastic, paper, packaging material with a view to achieve a zero waste regime the establishment of waste management infrastructure on a large scale is a feather in our cap as it showcases positive outcomes of our efforts to promote sustainable solutions in an emerging market as well as successful market expansion.
construction and demolition c&d waste management this division of resl's business creates new materials that are suitable for use in the construction industry.
these include a variety of construction, demolition, and worksite waste from excavation, road building, demolition, and maintenance activities.
during fy 2021-22, we processed 3,10,985 mt of c&d waste.
we measure processed quantities digitally and monitor processes with remotely closed-circuit televisions, enabling the facility to run as efficiently and productively as possible.
we currently have six functioning facilities, and two more are being built specifically to process c&d waste.
waste material is crushed, cleaned, and sized appropriately at our facilities so that it can be used to make lean concrete, tiles, paver blocks, bricks, etc. nearly 92% of the waste gets converted to useful products as represented below: coarse aggregates: 24% fine aggregates: 9% coarse sand: 7% fine sand: 18% soil: 34% c&d facilities have manufactured 1,83,561 paver blocks/kerb stones/bricks in fy 2021-22.
we continued to increase the durability of paver bricks and tiles in fy 2021-2022, decreased the amount of brick in aggregates, and minimized the amount of silt in sand, all of which increased the usefulness of recycled output.
our operations ran as per plan and smoothly.
today we earn approximately rs 35 lakhs per month and have seen an increase of over 40% in ebitda from this facility.
this initiative showcases our commitment to creating and managing resources responsibly and to helping to protect the environment by preventing its degradation.
management of e-waste, plastics, and recycling at present resl has two e-waste recycling facilities.
one facility for 'recycling of e-waste and industrial hazardous and non-hazardous waste with precious metal recovery' is under construction.
resl has 3 plastics recycling facilities in operation and 4 recyclables collection centres where we collect waste and redirect to authorized recyclers for recycling.
the following wastes are collected and sent for recycling: paper/corrugate: 7,129 mt plastics: 635 mt metal: 62 mt wood: 216 mt case study: construction and demolition c&d waste management our c&d waste recycling plant in noida receives waste from 14 collection points.
the recycled aggregate is converted into lean concrete, paver blocks, tiles, bricks etc. at the plant and is then sold in the market.
initially, the sale of tiles was slow, resulting in a growing stock of recycled aggregate.
simultaneously, the quantities of c&d waste we received also increased and we faced an acute shortage of storage space in the facility.
additionally, we had limited experience in the construction industry and did not have a strategy to help us approach the industry to sell tiles.
undeterred, we formed a team of existing employees drawn from different functions.
they were provided with basic information about the c&d sectors.
together we formulated a plan and began to meet potential buyers like stockists, private homeowners/builders, footpath developers, contractors, relevant persons in road construction projects etc. the team became a part-time sales team and in the very first month earned resl a revenue of rs 12 lakhs which rose to rs 45 lakhs in subsequent months.
once the surplus stock was sold, the team was dismantled, and case study: advanced e-waste processing technology to tackle e-waste problem in india one of the fastest-growing waste streams in the world today is electronic waste e-waste , which refers to the waste produced by end-of-life electrical & electronic equipment including computers, mobile phones, and others.
according to the e-waste global monitor 2020 a programme co-hosted by the united nations study, the world generated a staggering 53.6 million tons of e-waste in 2019, or 7.3 kilograms on average per person.
with 24.9 million tons, asia produced the most e-waste in 2019. according to ngt/official cpcb's estimation records for the financial years 2018-2019, india is expected to produce 7,71,215 mt of the 21 types listed in the e-waste guidelines.
it is estimated that more than 90% of the waste is processed in the informal sector, which dominates e-waste treatment in india and some other developing nations.
several rare earth metals, precious metals, ferrous, and non-ferrous metals can be found in e-waste.
unscientific methods used in the processing of e-waste are linked to serious negative effects on the environment, human health, and the economy of the nation.
the informal sector also makes sourcing, channelling, and collecting of e-waste the main challenges, because the market is value driven and there are no trans-boundary constraints.
although there are a growing number of recyclers and dismantlers for the processing of electronic waste, they are only able to do primary processing up to the printed circuit board level due to economic reasons.
advanced technology is required to process them further to recover metal.
against this backdrop and keeping in view the country's need for scientific and advanced e-waste processing, resl partnered with reldan metals of the usa to establish an electronic and industrial waste recycling facility with the capability to recover precious metals.
in 2021, resl initiated advanced e-waste processing technology to tackle the e-waste problem in the country at dundigal.
state of the art facility advanced thermal, pyro, hydro metallurgical process technology 20,000 mt feedstock processing capacity in 13.36 acres first leed platinum certified facility in asia designed to reduce environmental impact advanced e-scrap processing facility fully secured and isolated facility 200+ direct and indirect jobs hub and spoke model with hyderabad as processing hub and collection points in tier 1 & 2 cities all over india . image shows the exterior and interior of the facility.
. image shows the exterior and interior of the facility.
. image shows the exterior and interior of the facility.
recycling lithium-ion batteries the urgency to mitigate the climate crisis by lowering greenhouse gas emissions is driving countries worldwide to promote electric mobility, renewable energy, and energy storage solutions.
lithium-ion batteries lib are integral to the ongoing mobility and energy transition.
however, the acquisition of lithium through ore mining and brine extraction involves the use of large quantities of chemicals and water and jeopardizes natural ecosystems as well as the availability of safe water for communities and agriculture.
the environmental and social hazards of lithium extraction make it imperative to recycle and reuse the metal to the greatest extent possible.
along with its emphasis on adopting renewable energy and promoting electric mobility, the indian government envisages the country as a manufacturing hub for lib.
however, accessing raw materials is foreseen to be challenging and it is crucial that the country prioritize recycling of lib to realize this ambition.
adopting circularity in lib will also offer the advantage of recycling and reusing other components such as nickel, cobalt, magnesium, and graphite.
the global lib recycling market is estimated to reach $22.8 bn by 2030 while the opportunity in india is assessed at $1,000 mn in the same time frame.
with our commitment to promoting circularity, resl has recently entered the lib recycling space.
we have initiated processes like collection, discharging and primary processing and aim to eventually recover key materials.
we intend to establish a hub and spoke operating model and are in the process of deciding the most viable option to scale up our operations nationally and internationally.
waste to resources millions of tons of waste are handled annually by our waste management facilities across the nation, which use environmentally friendly technology to turn waste into products like compost, refuse derived fuel rdf , energy, and compressed biogas cbg , among others.
table: waste to resources - quantity manufactured product: compost, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 83,678 product: rdf to cement industry, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 162,200 product: rdf to energy production, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 1,049,264 product: cbg generated, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 26,425 product: recyclables recovered from msw, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 47.5 product: energy produced from wte plants, units: kilowatt-hours, quantity manufactured: 33,588,354 product: alternative fuel and raw material afr , units: mt, quantity manufactured: 9,723 product: plastics recovered from bmw, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 5,298 product: glass recovered from bmw, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 1,813 product: sand/aggregate/soil recovered from c&d waste, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 287,246 product: paver blocks/kerb stones/bricks, units: number, quantity manufactured: 183,561 product: plastics recycled, units: mt, quantity manufactured: 5,986 table end.
two wte plants in delhi and hyderabad have a capacity of 24 megawatt and 19.8 megawatt respectively, generating 335.88 mu in fy 2021-22.
two more wte plants are under construction, and another two are in the planning stages.
the ideal way to manage waste that is neither recyclable nor compostable, according to resl, is to convert municipal solid waste into energy.
the process is depicted below: equipment used in wte process: rdf handling cranes rdf fired boilers semi dry flue gas cleaning system & bag filter steam turbine air cooled condenser water treatment plant transformers using air-cooled condensers, low temperature steam is transformed into water after energy production.
this water is recycled in boilers to produce steam that is extremely heated and then used in turbines to produce energy.
case study: waste to energy plant at dundigal, hyderabad it was observed that most of the projects in the waste-to-energy sector took a long time for construction and erection.
resl took the initiative to combat this challenge by setting up a system that catered to manpower availability, machinery run time, manual bar bending timing, fixing and removal of shuttering works.
through this initiative, resl helped reduce the execution time by parallelly working on procurement, construction, erection, and installation.
the initiative incorporated the use of motorized bar bending machines instead of manual bar bending that helped reduce the downtime of machinery.
the conventional shuttering was replaced with peri shuttering, and we reduced almost one and a half year's worth of labor cost and equipment idle time.
timely work order issuance, timely procurement with execution along with manpower mobilization were used as measurable indicators that demonstrate the outcome of this intervention.
this initiative set a benchmark in the indian wte industries.
systems and certifications across all our sites, we uphold the highest standards of quality in our operations.
16 facilities have certifications for iso 9001, 14001, and 45001 standards.
we are in the process of getting 42 more other facilities certified.
in addition, our facilities obtain certification in quality assurance and control from iit and equivalent independent assessors for landfills.
the process of choosing supplier partners is also centred on upholding the highest standards.
before inviting them for a comparative assessment and financial discussions all prospective suppliers are first assessed on their technical competence and alignment with resl's requisite criteria.
at resl, quality risk management is given top priority.
at each of our waste management facilities, we have implemented a quality risk management system, and hazards are determined based on internal audits.
to ensure complete adherence to defined protocols, these are then followed up by a verification process.
in the reporting year, 56 internal audits were completed.
iso standards usa operations resl provides environmental services for the maritime, oil & gas industries along the texas gulf coast houston and corpus christi . our services include collection of ship sludges and bilges, ship cargo washings, united states department of agriculture usda / animal and plant health inspection service aphis regulated garbage, general garbage and wastes dumpsters services, tank cleaning of barges and sea going vessels etc. during fy 2021-22, we served more than 1,500 vessels.
singapore operations re sustainability cleantech managed more than 140 unique projects ranging from commercial buildings, industrial sites, institutional establishments, to purpose-built facilities such as singapore sports hub, changi terminal 3 as well as events comprising of local and international offerings.
we have specialized services such as bus stop cleaning and maintenance business along with façade cleaning and pest control services rendered by designated teams led by our subject matter experts in the said fields.
notwithstanding the routine and periodic nature of cleaning, we have provided numerous disinfections works and enhanced cleaning services with proficiencies certified by the relevant government agencies.
re sustainability services in singapore: 15% expansion of parking operations 40% expansion of waste management business waste management: customer base expanded to 50 from 25 resl operates 210 car parks and 595 automated parking lanes new contract: 50 additional carparks to be implemented next year middle east operations uae and oman resl manages its operations pertaining to the marine waste facility at sohar, oman and material recovery facility at dubai.
additionally, we also have medical and hazardous waste treatment facility at abu dhabi and other epc and o&m projects in the middle east.
highlights: 13,253 mt recyclables recovered at dubai's material recovery facility.
2,961 mt of waste treated, and 126 healthcare establishments served through biomedical waste treatment facility at abu dhabi, uae since august 2021 594,156 mt of waste at sohar lf and 25,078 mt of waste at khasab lf handled at oman landfills for fy 2021-22 service provided to a number of ships at marpol facility at sohar, oman: 38 ships intellectual capital 88 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 89 intellectual capital ongoing innovation to develop new solutions is a way of life at resl.
we continually develop technologies that help us customize solutions to advance our commitment to customers for sustainable operations and development.
these solutions have not only resulted in enhanced customer satisfaction, but they also support customer businesses and ours to comply with regulatory requirements as well as contribute to an important revenue stream for resl.
importantly, the solutions we deploy contribute to preserving the environment, not only in terms of air, water and soil health, but also ensuring cleaner, healthier and safer surroundings.
we emphasize inculcating a mindset of innovation among our people.
we conduct regular brainstorming and training sessions across our sites and run annual events like the sustainability and innovation month, which invites the participation of employees in large numbers.
we are in the process of setting up a center of excellence research & innovation in hyderabad which will serve to spearhead, guide and monitor all ongoing and future innovation projects.
our innovation activities a flowchart depicting the company's innovation activities, including scaling up recycling, diverting high-moisture waste, improving compost quality, salt recovery, and mechanization of stabilization.
we have partnerships with the top indian research institutions listed below: central institute of petrochemicals engineering & technology cipet for plastic recycling indian institute of chemical technology for waste treatment technologies universities, iits, and neeri for research in environmental management research & development our research & development r&d centers in telangana, maharashtra and new delhi are the hubs for innovation at resl centrally guided and coordinated by centre of excellence at hyderabad.
our r&d efforts are directed towards developing sustainable solutions with improved technology and process automation in order to best address the needs of our customers and the rapidly growing market for environment-friendly products and services.
a line drawing of a scientist using a microscope, representing the company's r&d efforts.
in one of our innovative initiatives, we are working to divert waste away from landfill and incineration to reduce the landfill footprint, reduce leachate generation and minimize emissions.
we are scaling up recycling of bottom ash from wte and construction debris converting them into construction aggregates and products for construction.
we are converting various hazardous and other wastes to useful materials that can reduce natural resource consumption.
improving quality and quantity of compost ongoing project an image of the company's compost facility.
salt recovery plant mechanized stabilization innovation fund resl has a unique innovation acceleration initiative to create, develop and implement ideas pertaining to environment and social transformation in 2022. it is a call to submit ideas that could create a difference for the first level submission.
participants would be shortlisted from the pool of applications received, who will be provided with guidance and support from the industry experts to fine tune their entries for the second level.
through the structured "innovation funnel", participants would be able to take their project from proof of concept/ pilot scale to full-scale implementation.
innovation fund helps to create difference at scale an eco-innovation could have the potential to transform the sustainability dynamics and resl provides the platform to maximize the potential of such ideas.
themes fuels and energy from waste waste segregation and treatment technologies social inclusion and community engagement towards circular economy recycling and resource recovery technologies new circular economy and decarbonization business models what we offer?
financial support up to inr 5 crore go to market support 1:1 mentoring technology validation customised incubation program long term partnership opportunity process and operational excellence digitalization is an area of high priority at resl.
we are working to enhance our capabilities to connect and engage digitally with key stakeholders such as employees, customers and suppliers.
our efforts address 4 key themes, summarized below.
cloud computing: based on a cloud first and mobility first approach, we have leveraged google cloud platform to build technology cloud infrastructure that is scalable, reliable and secure.
data driven organization: we are building a data driven organization by monitoring, visualizing and analyzing data from our operations, leading to better insights which drive faster and enable smarter decisions.
collaboration tools: our investments in analytics and capabilities to digitally connect with suppliers and service providers enable us to ensure we engage with the right providers while protecting resl's interests.
we are also developing tools that support our customer centric operations and enable convenient and secure engagement with customers in areas such as payments, complaints redressal, performance related feedback etc. global delivery model: in this respect, we leverage artificial intelligence-based tools to enhance the agility of digitally enabled processes in accounts payable ap /accounts receivable ar , manufacturing, and services operations.
digitalization reeloop reeloop is a digital platform that formalizes the highly informal waste management system that comprises of safai sathis, informal waste collectors, waste aggregators, and kabadiwalas.
it collects data pertaining to the geographical location from where the waste is collected, the person from whom the waste is collected, the amount and type of waste collected along with the amount paid to the person against the waste collected.
this app ensures transparency to our customers in the institutionalized system of waste management by tracking and tracing the waste from collection to processing.
reeloop app helps our drccs, and material recovery facilities to digitize their day-to-day activities like dry resources collections, record keeping, settlements, and transactions and have complete visibility of collection centre operations.
we are currently operational in 8 indian cities, and we plan to scale it up to other cities and other waste materials.
integrated resource information system iris waste management coupled with resource recovery and recycling provides a great opportunity for resl to emerge as a circular economy company and act as a catalyst to india's sustainability journey.
one of the enablers to achieving it is to have accurate data & traceability of the materials being handled.
the monitoring of material flow across the various waste management spectrum's coupled with waste characterization, end-use tracking, recycling & resource recovery can provide valuable information about the overall business operations.
hence it is proposed to have a “data lake” developed for capturing the key data across all business segments.
the data sources can be structured data from weighbridge records, reeloop transaction data, sales invoices, power generation, rfid tags from vehicles, or unstructured data like pictures & videos from cctv footage.
iris is a digital platform of resl for the integration of economic, environment, and resource factors.
iris will be used to track and trace the movement of resources across all our business platforms.
it is a tool that integrates all our solutions and provides real-time information about the material we have collected, treated, stocked, recovered, recycled, and disposed of.
this eases the process of monitoring our entire business operations.
iris has been in making since last year and would take the grounds next month.
iris: integrated resource information system data security we accord high priority to ensuring the security of data — our own as well as that of our customers and suppliers.
resl implements well-established it security and cyber security policies and procedures that enable us to run safe and secure operations and enjoy the trust of our employees, customers, and suppliers.
our systems minimize security risks and prevent unauthorized access and usage.
we use google-enabled security processes to protect our operations against cyber threats.
in addition, we implement processes to prevent e-mail spam, phishing, and snooping attacks.
security management measures are integrated in our it systems and our processes are also enabled for security incident responses.
to ensure that our systems and processes are strong, our it business continuity processes are regularly tested.
this is supplemented with periodic internal audits as well as training sessions and ongoing communication e.grams., teaser e-mails that contribute to the integrity and robustness of our systems.
data privacy we place high importance on ensuring data privacy, for the organization as well as individuals.
various controls, monitoring systems, and tools have been deployed to prevent data leaks and maintain integrity.
we leverage the latest technologies to ensure end-to-end encryption of data and have installed software to protect against data corruption and transmission of malware.
additionally, advanced firewalls and patch management, av, and utilities help us to minimize the risk of data attacks, generated through end-user computing and server farms.
while systems provide physical protection, we support our employees with awareness and training to ensure that they also ensure privacy of sensitive digital data through their everyday practices at the workplace.
no information security/cyber security breaches were observed across resl in the last four financial years.
additionally, for the upcoming fiscal year, we intend to pursue iso 27001 accreditation.
internal audit management system iams internal audit management system helps not only in reducing risks but also supports risk and compliance management teams with an intelligent, collaborative, and connected risk management platform.
with audit, risk, and compliance data all in a single system of record, not only do we have a complete view of risk across the enterprise, but our teams are also connected, aligned, and can collaborate with help of this tool.
it helps us to conduct audit at any site at any time and ensures greater assurance via automated evidence gathering, final engagement reports and certification.
iams is a platform that tracks everything on one dynamic dashboard and spots trends, compares performance across sites/teams, drills down into details protecting organization and addresses risk gaps as and when they arise.
iams has been in the making and will be deployed in the near future.
illustrative diagram of the iams system illustrative diagram of the data security system illustrative diagram of the data privacy system human capital . 98 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 99 human capital the vision of resl is to create a diverse, agile, and engaged workforce.
our human resources department works tirelessly to achieve set objectives to support the vision and to provide effective results in hiring, developing, retaining, and engaging staff members.
the importance we place on developing our workforce starts with a structured and comprehensive induction and onboarding process.
it is intended to acquaint new hires with the organization’s systems and functioning, our values, and work culture.
it also helps them to understand their own roles, responsibilities, and employment benefits, as well as the opportunities available to them to engage and contribute to resl’s development.
at resl, the development of our people is at the forefront.
our well-organized performance management system helps employees advance in their careers by empowering them to establish high standards and objectives to reach their full potential.
a succession planning program for key roles places a consistent emphasis on business continuity as well.
darwin box, the human resources management system hrms , was introduced across the organization as part of our ongoing commitment to enhance employee delight and process automation.
with real-time data availability, this system has allowed a transparent and effective decision-making system which serves as the self-service portal for critical information for employees.
we also introduced vibe on demand, an enterprise social networking tool that enables staff members to actively shape the culture of the company through casual social interactions.
we use this platform for posting relevant information and updates about the company and related activities.
at resl, employee safety on the job is of utmost significance.
in line with the directions of the board of directors and senior leadership team, health and safety systems have been strengthened and best-in-class safety standards have been achieved at 10 sites and further 45 sites are in the process of achieving best-in-class safety standards under phase 2. employee wellbeing we periodically hold medical camps for physical health check-ups for our staff as it relates to their wellbeing.
we recognize the significance of mental health and aim to foster an environment of openness and acceptance.
we encourage flexible working hours of training per employee for employees.
we conduct employee engagement events on a monthly basis ranging from festival celebrations to sports and outdoor activities.
every team is encouraged to go on a quarterly team outing event sponsored by the company as per our team outing policy.
employment at resl, our goal is to revitalize and transform the company so that it is prepared for the future.
we are pursuing process excellence and strengthened capacity building through the implementation of project shikhar to effectively compete in dynamic international markets.
currently, resl has 10,204 full-time employees in india and we ensure that we hire the top talent available since our organization aspires for best-in-class standards.
our onboarding and induction process makes sure that the organization's processes, cultures, and policies are clearly communicated.
it also makes it easier for new hires to adjust to the company and their new positions and responsibilities.
table: resl personnel gender and age breakdown fy 2021-22 employee category: top management, <30 years male: -, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 3, 30-50 years female: -, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 2, 50 years female: -, total: 5 employee category: senior management, <30 years male: -, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 8, 30-50 years female: -, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 12, 50 years female: -, total: 20 employee category: middle management, <30 years male: -, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 67, 30-50 years female: -, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 24, 50 years female: 1, total: 92 employee category: junior management, <30 years male: 12, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 233, 30-50 years female: 11, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 32, 50 years female: 2, total: 290 employee category: associates/non-management, <30 years male: 2,603, <30 years female: 134, 30-50 years male: 4,720, 30-50 years female: 1,653, 30-50 years others: 5, 50 years male: 450, 50 years female: 232, total: 9,797 employee category: grand total , <30 years male: 2,615 , <30 years female: 134 , 30-50 years male: 5,031 , 30-50 years female: 1,664 , 30-50 years others: 5 , 50 years male: 520 , 50 years female: 235 , total: 10,204 table end.
table: resl employee category fy 2021-22 employee category: regular full time, male: 8,166, female: 2,033, others: 5 employee category: regular part time, male: 27, female: 3, others: 0 table end.
new hires by age and gender india category: <30 years, male fy 2020-21 : 147, female fy 2020-21 : 34, male fy 2021-22 : 710, female fy 2021-22 : 48 category: 30-50 years, male fy 2020-21 : 172, female fy 2020-21 : 8, male fy 2021-22 : 627, female fy 2021-22 : 260 category: 50 years, male fy 2020-21 : 8, female fy 2020-21 : 1, male fy 2021-22 : 48, female fy 2021-22 : 39 category: total , male fy 2020-21 : 327, female fy 2020-21 : 43, male fy 2021-22 : 1,385, female fy 2021-22 : 347 table end.
employee turnover by age and gender india category: <30 years, male fy 2020-21 : 85, female fy 2020-21 : 17, male fy 2021-22 : 143, female fy 2021-22 : 22 category: 30-50 years, male fy 2020-21 : 89, female fy 2020-21 : 6, male fy 2021-22 : 158, female fy 2021-22 : 18 category: 50 years, male fy 2020-21 : 9, female fy 2020-21 : 0, male fy 2021-22 : 21, female fy 2021-22 : 1 category: total , male fy 2020-21 : 183, female fy 2020-21 : 23, male fy 2021-22 : 322, female fy 2021-22 : 41 table end.
parental leave data for fy 2021-22 : male, number of employees entitled to parental leave: 2,349, number of employees who took parental leave: 54, number of employees due to return to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 54, number of employees who returned to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 54, return to work rate: 100% : female, number of employees entitled to parental leave: 153, number of employees who took parental leave: 10, number of employees due to return to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 10, number of employees who returned to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 10, return to work rate: 100% table end.
benefits provided to employees resl provides various benefits to its employees through the group personnel accident policy, group health insurance policy, and stock ownership facility.
all permanent employees of resl are entitled to 24 days of earned leave, 9 days of sick leave, and 6 days of casual leave per year.
in the post-covid return-to-work setup, there are flexible working hours of training per employee and work-from-home arrangements to help employees adapt to situational changes.
a corporate buffer of inr 10 lakhs from the existing health insurance policy was allocated to employees affected by covid-19 across sites in india.
a covid corpus of inr 2 crore was set aside for employee emergency requests, provided as a short-term loan.
sites were equipped with oxygen concentrators to handle emergencies.
hardship allowance was extended to employees.
eligible female employees are extended maternity leaves as per the act, and male employees are given 3 days of paternity leave.
learning and development we at resl maintain that an organization is only as good as the individuals it develops.
therefore, continuous growth is only feasible if the people who make up our foundation consistently improve their skills and realize their full potential.
we are dedicated to the all-around development of our staff members and carry out several programs to foster their professional and personal development.
we provide in-depth training and development courses centrally and locally, led by outside experts.
hours of training received by category and gender of employees, fy 2021-22 india table: hours of training by category and gender description: top management m12 and cxo , male: 25, female: 0, total man-hours of training per employee: 25 description: senior management m9-m11 , male: 768, female: 14, total man-hours of training per employee: 782 description: middle management m5-m8 , male: 4,639, female: 176, total man-hours of training per employee: 4,815 description: junior management trainees - m4 , male: 5,563, female: 702, total man-hours of training per employee: 6,265 description: associates/ non-management s&og , male: 16,640, female: 10, total man-hours of training per employee: 16,650 description: total , male: 27,635 , female: 902 , total man-hours of training per employee: 28,537 table end.
training received by category and gender of employees, fy 2021-22 india table: employee training programs training programs offered to employees: success program, male: 120, female: 42, total hours of training per employee: 1,296, brief about the training: project based training program for cespl employees training programs offered to employees: 100 day cdp for chemists, male: 19, female: 1, total hours of training per employee: 720, brief about the training: competency development program training programs offered to employees: my life my choice program, male: 52, female: 11, total hours of training per employee: 4,032, brief about the training: 7 habits of highly effective people training programs offered to employees: creating wow factor program for marketing, male: 12, female: 2, total hours of training per employee: 112, brief about the training: for marketing and business development employees training programs offered to employees: managerial skills effectiveness, male: 3, female: 0, total hours of training per employee: 144, brief about the training: for f&a employees table end.
programs for upgrading employee skills transition assistance programs table: skill upgradation programs description: internal courses for skill upgradation, total number of hours of training per employee offered: 36, number of employees attended: 20 description: external courses for skill upgradation, total number of hours of training per employee offered: 56, number of employees attended: 17 table end.
//image of the page number and re sustainability limited logo.
employee engagement and wellbeing employee engagement initiatives employee huddle ideathons & compliance trivia questions living the values leadership webinars promote relationships employee engagement boost morale initiatives for healthy institutional interaction coffee & conversation enables open employee conversations with general counsel & chief compliance officer professional and personal conversations with senior leadership boosts interconnectedness and employee satisfaction ask me anything provides a platform to have conversations with senior leadership to bolster relationships and interconnectedness within the organization speakopen program promotes an open culture within the company provisions for a platform to voice opinions and concerns hotline allows voicing concerns regarding potential violations of the company's principles and ethics without the fear of repercussions on themselves employee contributions and recognition employee contributions and successes are recognized and honored in a variety of ways, including financially and through rewards.
fixed and variable remuneration increments serve as the primary form of financial compensation, while honors like the shikhar awards serve to recognize service milestones and performance successes.
employee health & wellbeing a graphic depicting various aspects of employee health and wellbeing, including online courses on health and wellbeing, presentations on healthy pursuits, regular medical camps, and the encouragement of a healthy work-life balance.
we conduct an employee engagement survey to gauge the effectiveness of our efforts to increase employee engagement.
participants must have worked for resl for at least one year to participate.
the results of this poll reflect both areas where the company has satisfactorily handled employees' requirements and those that need improvement, which we work to address.
we received a score of 5.3 out of 10 on the employee engagement survey during fy 21-22.
employees & sustainability goals an image depicting hands holding a young plant, symbolizing the company's commitment to sustainability.
making employees a part of sustainability goals integration of esg goals in all business operations celebration of sustainability events at regular intervals for active participation of employees and to develop sustainability as a culture specific kras related to sustainability, safety, and innovation selection of sustainability champions based on performance diversity, equity and inclusion 20% women hiring in fy 2021-22 illustrative graphic showing diverse symbols representing people.
issues relating to diversity are gaining traction in recent times.
resl has made efforts to increase the diversity of our workforce.
women made up 20% of our new hires in fy 2021-22, and we made sure that personnel from under-represented groups had higher representation.
ramky women network has been merged with dei council as a platform that enables women to actively contribute to the expansion of the company.
resl is extensively working to build the social fabric of the communities we work in and to be an equal opportunity employer we consistently work to advance diversity within the company and make sure that our hiring procedures reflect this goal.
by adding female candidates to our teams, resl promotes initiatives aimed at increasing the number of women in the workforce.
we commemorated women's day in 2021 and highlighted the numerous steps taken with respect to their greater inclusion in the resl workforce.
percentage increase of women hires fy 2019-2022 fy: 2019-20, percentage increase: 2% fy: 2020-21, percentage increase: 18% fy: 2021-22, percentage increase: 20% table end.
diversity, equity and inclusion council resl strives to maintain a diverse workforce as a global company.
resl strives to maintain a diverse workforce with representation of people from various age groups, identities, cultures and religions.
to enhance our diversity, equity, and inclusion commitment, we established a diversity, equity and inclusion council during fy22, which is headed by the md & ceo and global chro.
name: mr. rahul dua, role: mea business, location: dubai name: ms. habibah, role: sea business, location: singapore name: mr. amrendra kumar, role: recycling business, location: telangana name: mr. pankaj m, role: finance function, location: telangana name: ms. radha pathak, role: qa, industrial waste mgmt., location: punjab name: ms. neelchal, role: mbd, industrial waste mgmt., location: bengaluru name: mr. rk sai, role: operations, industrial waste mgmt., location: telangana name: ms. chandrakala p, role: legal, location: telangana table end.
case study: women drivers/helpers in narela, delhi to enhance women participation in the workforce and support women empowerment, resl has engaged women drivers and helpers to handle waste in one complete ward.
currently, we have 8 women drivers who operate lmvs and 8 helpers who handle door-to-door collection of waste.
out of 118 vehicles, 8 of them are handled and operated by women.
highlights: women drivers/helpers adequately emphasize the importance of source segregation during waste collection and create public awareness.
maintain good rapport with all stakeholders.
good care is ensured for the vehicles, including proper washing and servicing done on scheduled timings.
near-zero absenteeism is observed.
inspires more women to be involved in such roles.
all complaints are addressed on priority.
we are planning to implement a similar model in other wards and target to achieve 25% women participation in the nearest future.
human rights integrity and moral conduct are fundamental to the company, and we firmly believe in safeguarding and supporting human rights.
as an equal opportunity employer, resl does not accept employee discrimination based on gender, religion, or other factors.
resl abides by the model standing orders, the company's code of business conduct, and the legal compliances of the indian states where we operate, in all professional dealings with employees and business partners/affiliates.
additionally, we make sure that our service providers train their staff in accordance with the laws that apply to them.
for instance, when we hire a private security firm, we make sure that their staff is trained in line with the private security agencies regulation act, 2005. our concern for human rights and intolerance of discrimination extends to all our operations.
we adhere to the rules that each nation sets forth for the management of its workforce, and we have developed systems for handling complaints.
in the reporting year for our operations in india and abroad, we did not receive any reports of discrimination, sexual harassment, and other human rights violations.
forced and child labour resl abides by the company's policy that mandates us to only hire people above the age of 18 years.
we follow model standing orders and make sure that all of our sites are in conformity with labor regulations, which prevents us from hiring anyone who is underage or who is being forced into employment against their will.
our operations abroad abide by local laws.
freedom of association and collective bargaining we support the right to collective bargaining.
due to the existence of unions at three of our sites, staff members are able to communicate with the company's management and, if necessary, use mediation to settle disagreements.
when necessary, the audit committee intervenes to look into major violations of conduct and ensure prompt and appropriate resolution.
resl has institutionalized systems to ensure a robust grievance redressal mechanism.
for substantial operational changes, we provide employees notice in advance.
this timeframe was established in accordance with the model standing orders and was agreed upon with the unions.
international operations likewise adhere to the required notice period as per the relevant country's labor legislation.
occupational health & safety ohs workforce occupational health and safety is one of our key areas of focus for continuing improvement.
through routine trainings, reviews, audits, and communication via regular newsletters, our system to manage h&s aligns and enables all locations to comply with corporate ohs policies and protocols.
the company's h&s policy and management system applies to all of resl's locations as well as the shopfloor staff, and it is ensured that each location follows the ohs guidelines ascertained by the company.
16 of our operational sites are certified with iso 45001, a few of our new sites are under certification, and the remaining sites will follow shortly.
roadmap of resl's health & safety management system in india image of roadmap the image depicts a roadmap with the following steps: support the sites with corporate h&s directives sops, guidelines and policies : icon - document align all the sites under a unique and harmonized system: icon - sliders weekly catch-up meetings, monthly mis review and quarterly review meetings: icon - meeting measure the site performance with a score card/kpi formats: icon - speedometer conduct corporate audits at all sites for improvement and bringing down unsafe situations: icon - audit conduct corporate trainings for the site team and other stakeholders towards building competency levels: icon - training newsletter published quarterly and annually – compilation of all sites, mapping the improvements made, incident trend, leading and lagging indicators: icon - newsletter follow-up site visits to review the progress and support h&s and line management for a smooth h&s drive: icon - follow-up coordinate iso 45001 audits and support the sites in getting certified: icon - certificate support and monitor h&s regulatory compliances: icon - magnifying glass there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
h&s governance structure for all overseas operations, specific national directives are followed with the support of their respective governance bodies.
a member of the leadership team oversees the overall governance structure for h&s, which is made up of key executives responsible for corporate health and safety, and regional/zonal heads who cascade corporate-level plans and directives to the sites under their supervision.
the corporate zonal coordinators have their sites allocated.
the plans and directions from the head of sustainability & innovation and corporate h&s lead consultant are cascaded down for implementation through zonal coordinators across the sites.
for the regular management of ohs-related concerns at sites, the company has also established safety committees with representation from management and workers.
the committees have the responsibility of locating concerns at the worksite and resolving them there or escalating them as appropriate.
every site has a safety committee which meets on a monthly basis to resolve any issues.
guidelines for creating a safety committee a diagram showing the roles and responsibilities within the safety committee.
the safety committee identifies and takes suitable decisions on the issues related to operations on health, safety & environment at the project or at the company level.
the wellbeing of our workers is our foremost focus, and we jointly take countermeasures to ensure a safe work environment for all.
the committee comprising of representatives from operations, maintenance, logistics and workshop, human resources, occupational health committees ohc , security and others with equal representation from workmen is formed under the above guidelines.
they discuss issues related to health, safety and environment in operations and recommend mitigation strategies to present to the appropriate level of management.
leadership team mr. masood mallick: ceo dr. k. srinivas: head - sustainability & innovation mr. ramesh reddy: sr. dy.
manager corporate h&s mr. anand khumar: independent consultant - health & safety mr. saravana kumar: manager for southern region chennai mr. millind mullay: manager for western region mumbai mr. himadri chatteerje: manager for eastern region kolkata mr. arun kumar: manager for northern region delhi health & safety training schedule 2022 - 2023 table: health & safety training modules module no: module-1, topic: ehs induction, frequency: new hire, target audience: new employees sites module no: module-2, topic: chemical handling in laboratory msds, hazardous chemical handling, chp, chemical compatibility, ppes, spillage handling, general safety & hazardous waste disposal ., frequency: half yearly, target audience: all lab / storage shed team module no: module - 3, topic: lab pack, frequency: quarterly, target audience: all lab team at sites module no: module - 4, topic: emergency response plan, frequency: monthly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 5, topic: office safety, frequency: annual, target audience: all at office module no: module - 6, topic: mock drill, frequency: quarterly / half yearly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 7, topic: safety in maintenance work / ptw system, frequency: quarterly, target audience: engineering team at sites / facility team module no: module - 8, topic: contractor safety, frequency: half yearly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 9, topic: near miss and incident reporting management, frequency: quarterly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 10, topic: basics of resl business / process safety, frequency: quarterly, target audience: all sites module no: module - 11, topic: basics of fire and fire fighting theory , frequency: monthly / quarterly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 12, topic: basics of first aid both theory and practical , frequency: monthly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 13, topic: first aid deep practical - from external expert , frequency: half yearly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 14, topic: h&s - legal information, frequency: half yearly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 15, topic: practical training on fire fighting., frequency: half yearly, target audience: all at sites module no: module - 16, topic: jsa & sop awareness, frequency: quarterly, target audience: all at sites table end.
health and safety training all resl locations receive proper guidelines, safe operating procedures, trainings, and regular safety-related communication in accordance with this management system.
details about the safety trainings given to resl staff during the reporting year are shown in the table below.
table: key performance indicators kpis for health and safety training - fy 2021-22 kpi: total number of occupational health and safety training provided number , fy 2021-22: 3,284 3,231 by sites and 53 by corporate kpi: man-hours of training per employee of training management , fy 2021-22: 94,703 kpi: man-hours of training per employee of training contract , fy 2021-22: 154,084 table end.
a diagram showing the structure of the safety committee, including its relationship with workers, security, operation, maintenance, logistic & workshop, and human resources.
work-related fatalities and injuries category: all employees, description: fatalities as a result of work-related injury, fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 0, fy 2020-21: 2, fy 2021-22: 0 description: the number of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities , fy 2018-19: 3, fy 2019-20: 3, fy 2020-21: 4, fy 2021-22: 2 description: the number of recordable work-related injuries, fy 2018-19: 17, fy 2019-20: 20, fy 2020-21: 67, fy 2021-22: 8 category: all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, description: fatalities as a result of work-related injury, fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 1, fy 2020-21: 2, fy 2021-22: 0 description: the number of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities , fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 0, fy 2020-21: 0, fy 2021-22: 1 description: the number of recordable work-related injuries, fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 15, fy 2020-21: 16, fy 2021-22: 2 table end.
at resl, we have significantly reduced work-related injuries and strive to put continual efforts for the maintenance of the same.
we have had zero work-related fatalities for fy 2021-22 and strive to continue the same with our best in place workplace safety measures and equipment.
for chemical safety, we have an internal protocol for storage that is based on compatibility.
we refer to safety data sheet sds for the handling and storage of fresh chemicals.
we follow the hira process which includes: activity, hazard, associated risk, probability l/m/h , severity l/m/h , controls existing / adequate , risk level and remarks job security analysis jsa for all critical operations associated risks activity / event: brake failure, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: preventive maintenance, current available controls in place at site: weekly preventive maintenance, skill requirements: driving skills, training requirements: road safety associated risks / hazard: speed control device, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: speed control device, training requirements: defensive driving activity / event: tire burst, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: preventive maintenance, current available controls in place at site: preventive maintenance, skill requirements: trained person, ppe requirements: na, training requirements: preventive maintenance associated risks / hazard: speed control device, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: defensive driving, skill requirements: defensive driving, training requirements: defensive driving activity / event: logistics, associated risks / hazard: over speed, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: trainings, current available controls in place at site: defensive driving, ppe requirements: reflective jackets, training requirements: defensive driving associated risks / hazard: hazardous waste transport license and training, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: hazardous waste transport license and training, skill requirements: na, ppe requirements: organic vapor mask, training requirements: na associated risks / hazard: vehicle fitness certificate, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: vehicle fitness certificate, ppe requirements: helmets, signage requirements: speed limit activity / event: spillage, associated risks / hazard: spill control kit, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: spill control kit, ppe requirements: hand gloves, signage requirements: hazardous waste symbols, training requirements: spill control activity / event: loading / unloading of wastes, associated risks / hazard: incompatibility of different types of waste, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: close monitoring while loading, current available controls in place at site: close monitoring, skill requirements: static discharge methods, ppe requirements: hand gloves, training requirements: fire fighting associated risks / hazard: static charge, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: static discharge methods, current available controls in place at site: trained drivers, ppe requirements: cotton dress code, training requirements: static discharge methods associated risks / hazard: fall / trip hazard at time of waste covering, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: certified ladder, current available controls in place at site: certified ladder, skill requirements: working at height, ppe requirements: hand gloves, nose mask, safety belt, signage requirements: work at height, training requirements: height work associated risks / hazard: small nuisances while loading and unloading, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: ppe, current available controls in place at site: organic vapor mask & goggles, skill requirements: usage of ppe as required, ppe requirements: organic vapor mask & goggles, signage requirements: ppe usage, training requirements: usage of ppe associated risks / hazard: dust nuisances, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: ppe, current available controls in place at site: dust mask, skill requirements: usage of ppe as required, ppe requirements: dust mask, training requirements: usage of ppe table end.
logic on hazards / risk assessment and control description: a flowchart illustrating the process of hazard/risk assessment and control, starting with the main activity, breaking down into sub-activities, and culminating in a hazard/risk assessment to nullify or minimize the severity level.
the process emphasizes following the hierarchy of controls, focusing on engineering and administrative controls, defining appropriate ppes, signage, and stakeholder training.
ohs initiatives deep assessment on focus pillars fire safety electrical safety machine safety transport safety ppes hygiene safety infrastructural improvements based on assessment recommendations process & sub-process review and study for generating safe operating procedures for performing job safety analysis jsa behaviour based safety steering committee activation 5s to 6s conversion life saving rules, reporting unsafe activities & conditions safety mascot for resl counter measure verification review and measure the progress hand-hold the implementation process across different sites table: hazard/risk assessment and control measures activity / event: handling of hydraulic devices, associated risks / hazard: accidents / incidents, required / standard controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: preventive maintenance inspection by 3rd party competent person, current available controls in place at site: preventive maintenance every six months 3rd party competent person inspection, skill requirements: handling of hydraulic devices, ppe requirements: nose mask, ear plugs, hand gloves &safety shoes, signage requirements: handling of hydraulic devices, training requirements: ppe usage handling of hydraulic devices activity / event: biannual checking hydraulic devices by competent person, associated risks / hazard: biannual checking hydraulic devices by competent person table end.
notes: our sites utilize job security analysis jsa and hazard identification and risk assessment hira for a comprehensive safety process, including app-based reporting for unsafe activities and conditions.
a comprehensive module is under review.
social & relationship capital image of people holding hands in a circle 126 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 127 there is no textual content or tables to extract from the provided image.
the image is primarily a graphic design element representing social and relationship capital.
social & relationship capital customer engagement customers across markets look for value-added solutions and experiences from service providers in today's highly dynamic and competitive market.
at resl, maintaining a continual and engaging client connection and ensuring their satisfaction is given top priority.
we are dedicated to researching and implementing new ideas to improve our customers' experience with resl.
we seek out interactions with our clients and meet with them once a month to resolve problems and discuss any requirements that they may have.
to enable each resl unit to communicate pertinent information to their respective customers, we also make sure that each unit is regularly updated with the most recent policies and regulations.
in addition, we also use social media to provide relevant information that promotes discussion and keeps us connected.
a diagram illustrating customer engagement channels including resl official website, tsdf website, linkedin, facebook, and updates through the corporate office.
customer satisfaction customer feedback forms are maintained at sites corrective actions are taken periodic feedback from customers customer relationships engagement with different stakeholder associations online and in-person training programs offline seminars customer grievance redressal customers can address their concerns through a site-level escalation matrix as under: level 1: manager business development mbd head level 2: project head customer can reach corporate office via email or helpline number provided on the website in case concerns are not being addressed at the site.
campaigns environmental awareness programs trade shows iec programs there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
supplier engagement we make sure that the suppliers', employees', officials', and directors', as well as all other members of their staff, uphold sustainability values.
we require our suppliers to sign a declaration when they join our network, to comply with the policies i.e., i applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to the indian prevention of corruption act, and all applicable laws related to bribery and corruption, and ii the company's anti-bribery & anti-corruption policy, gifts & entertainment policy, and whistleblower policy when rendering services to re sustainability limited.
a flowchart depicting the supplier assessment process, including supplier assessment, engagement, and audit.
supplier assessment for fy 2021-22, resl had 3,700 tier 1 suppliers.
we screened all major suppliers on environmental and social aspects in the current financial year and approximately 40% of the procurement expenditure was spent on local suppliers.
there were no supplier grievances recorded in the reporting year.
supplier assessment: based on their manufacturing and financial capabilities e.grams., turnover, order book value, quality management system ; and resources e.grams., manpower and machinery, ehs and eco-friendly initiatives . third-party assessment services for assessment of the vendors.
supplier engagement: scheduled half-yearly meetings with major suppliers to maintain healthy interconnectedness with critical suppliers to maintain long-term relationships and strengthen trust between resl and suppliers.
half-yearly/annual feedback is taken from the project/user team regarding vendor performance on quality, timely completion, and safety.
supplier audit: audit/third party assessment of vendors at the time of new vendor onboarding.
measures taken by resl to enhance the capacity of local and small vendors regular feedback to suppliers on their performance.
timely payments to small contractors.
on-time deliveries.
board & managerial level responsibilities.
compliance with social standards with suppliers included in legally binding agreements.
engagement with non-compliant suppliers to reach compliance.
toolbox talk with suppliers.
vendor relationship meetings.
esg objectives and kpis integrated in the scm strategy a diagram illustrating the integration of esg objectives and kpis into the supply chain management scm strategy.
parameters of resl's social standards for suppliers the diagram illustrates resl's commitment to social responsibility by outlining key parameters for suppliers, including optimum working hours of training per employee, freedom of association and collective bargaining, non-discrimination, health and safety, minimum living wages, acceptable living conditions, and the prohibition of corporal punishment, disciplinary practices, forced labor, and child labor.
resl maintains a robust feedback mechanism with suppliers through relevant departments.
engagement with the investors re sustainability limited resl uses the following methods to interact with investors: approvals obtained from shareholders during various general meetings one-on-one meetings with investors to get their approvals on various matters identified as "affirmative vote matters" under the aoa of the company formal approval letters from investors for matters covered under the "affirmative vote matters" meetings with investors for finalization of company strategy and the overall annual business plan agreements with suppliers and aggregators amc signed with various suppliers long-term service agreements introduction of ev and cng fleet workshops are being conducted due to the presence of a large fleet at delhi and hyderabad engagement with regulatory bodies resl provides services to different municipalities, urban local bodies ulbs , government-owned companies, government departments, and public-private partnership companies.
our business model is a public-private partnership, and in some of our businesses, we provide engineering, procurement, and construction and o&m services to the municipalities.
for msw, we have specific agreements in place with nagar council/nagar nigam/ulbs, while for iwm, we have a concession-based model where the government provides a concession for a specified time period.
furthermore, the government itself acts as a regulator in this sector, e.grams., the pollution control board ensures effective management and disposal of waste as per various laws laid down by the government of india.
resl uses legatrix, a compliance monitoring tool, to map the compliances and regulations applicable to the company.
we have a team under the general counsel and chief compliance officer to monitor this compliance tool.
we also have a dedicated process to provide necessary training and guidance to employees regarding the usage and benefits of this tool.
all the amendments in various laws are reviewed and discussed with the respective compliance owners and are mapped in the tool regularly.
we also have a provision for the internal auditors to evaluate the effectiveness of the compliance monitoring mechanism, and they in turn present their findings and recommendations to the audit committee of resl.
corporate social responsibility resl's csr efforts align with our focus on reimagining the future and contributing to making the world more sustainable.
our initiatives are designed not only to create opportunities for socio-economic development in the communities we work among, but they also ensure environmental improvement.
our csr initiatives' impact is measured against the national priorities and sustainable development goals.
vision: to focus on equitable, sustainable, and accessible development opportunities for the communities we serve, employees, consumers, stakeholders, and the public at large.
csr at resl we channel our csr activities through the ramky foundation and engage with several partners, including financial institutions and not-for-profit organizations.
we endeavor to engage resl's sites in implementing at least one csr project and also encourage employees to participate in csr initiatives one day a year.
the areas we emphasize to create enduring and sustainable value reflect our organizational focus as well as national priorities and the sdgs.
csr thrust areas our csr activities span 13 states and union territories in india across varied geographies.
telangana, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu, karnataka, maharashtra, punjab, madhya pradesh, rajasthan, delhi, uttar pradesh, west bengal, jharkhand, bihar.
table: csr activities by thrust area and location s.no: 1, thrust area: health, activities: food, ppe material, oxygen concentrators, support to phc's, medical camps, flood relief activities, drinking water facility through 13 ro plants bore wells & medical aid, locations: telangana, maharashtra, west bengal, tamil nadu, madhya pradesh, karnataka, rajasthan, bihar, no.
of beneficiaries/families/villages/units: 15,000 families s.no: 2, thrust area: natural resource management, activities: organic farming, plantation, lift irrigation & canal works, locations: andhra pradesh, telangana, tamil nadu, delhi, rajasthan, maharashtra, no.
of beneficiaries/families/villages/units: 2,000 families and 10 villages s.no: 3, thrust area: rural development, activities: toilets, solar lights, drainage works, road repairs, construction community hall, sewing machine, computer literacy, locations: andhra pradesh, telangana, maharashtra, tamil nadu, odisha, rajasthan, no.
of beneficiaries/families/villages/units: 6 villages and 1,500 beneficiaries s.no: 4, thrust area: education, activities: school renovation & integrated school holistic approach isha , locations: rajasthan, telangana, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu, karnataka, maharashtra, punjab, west bengal, odisha, uttar pradesh, no.
of beneficiaries/families/villages/units: 30 schools and 15,000 students table end.
caption: distribution of oxygen concentrators under covid care facility promoting health we promote health by directing our efforts on various aspects including access to safe drinking water, hygienic sanitation facilities as well as community-based nutrition and disease preventive measures.
through our efforts, we endeavor to improve access to healthcare and address topics that are widespread national challenges in health and sanitation today.
mother and child healthcare over the years, we have been working to address malnutrition , mother and child health , which are major concerns for the country.
the integrated child development services icds , a pan-india community-based project provides nutrition and maternal healthcare to expectant and new mothers as well as infants and children, through anganwadis located within their communities.
aligning our emphasis on healthcare with this service, in fy 2021-22 resl supported the construction of anganwadis in udaipur rajasthan . impact: the construction of anganwadi school is complete and 45 children attend it regularly.
safe drinking water india's jal jeevan mission rural aims to ensure adequate and safe drinking water for each household in rural india by 2024. at resl, we strive to make safe drinking water available to the communities that surround our operations and have enabled this with the installation of ro plants 500 - 1,000 lph capacity across multiple states.
impact: 8 ro plants and 1 water dispenser/cooler in a women's college across 5 states.
sanitation facilities in schools the country's right of children to free and compulsory education rte act, 2009 mandates schools to provide hygienic sanitation facilities to students.
this requirement not only addresses health issues related to sanitation but also the challenge of student attrition and completion of schooling.
resl supports education and health by constructing toilet facilities in government schools.
impact: 1,500 students and 60 teachers.
image description: a picture of a school building with a colorful mural depicting children.
case study: transforming education by developing infrastructure in government schools years of research and psychological investigations have shown that the physical environment and infrastructure of schools play a significant role in academic performance.
a pleasant and conducive learning environment, coupled with facilities that promote hygiene and health encourage regular school attendance, resulting in better learning and academic outcomes.
in the mehtab devi mishrimal agarwal govt.
senior secondary school in gandhipura, barmer district rajasthan, classrooms were wholly inadequate for the students enrolled in the school.
they were overcrowded as lessons for students of three different classes were held in a single room.
in other instances, teaching took place in uncovered spaces.
the space constraint was exacerbated during the rains and hot summers and the lack of space caused many problems for students and staff.
before: classrooms and learning environment image description: a picture showing the inadequate state of classrooms before improvements.
under the isha program, resl provided 6 additional classrooms and an ro plant for safe drinking water.
the impact was positive as student enrollment increased from 600 to 750 and academic performance improved across all classes.
image description: a picture showing the improved state of classrooms after improvements.
education we actively support integrated school holistic approach isha through which government schools receive assistance in many forms such as student scholarships, educational material, uniforms, construction of new classrooms, provision of hygienic sanitation and drinking water facilities, refurbishing existing infrastructure etc. in the reporting year, we supported government schools in multiple states with building and repairing classrooms and other infrastructure.
additionally, we enabled students in dundigal, telangana to gain free of charge access to vidya volunteers and paid for the honoraria of the volunteers.
impact: 3,500+ students across 5 states footnotes: 1. jal jeevan mission 2. all schools must have separate toilets for girls and boys: supreme court downtoearth.org.in natural resource management judicious and efficient use and management of natural resources is a key element in sustainable development worldwide.
we partner with the national bank for agriculture and rural development nabard to enable farmers to conserve and manage natural resources such as soil and water and to adopt agricultural practices that are both sustainable and profitable.
the new methods we have introduced to farmers include organic farming and intercropping which have resulted in a shift away from conventional practices such as chemical pesticide and fertilizer use.
as a result, not only have farmers contributed to bettering land health and greening the environment, but they have also gained from healthy yields, lower cost of inputs and opportunities for improved livelihoods.
in other initiatives in natural resource management, we have also promoted chemical-free cultivation of paddy and introduced sustainable farming in tribal communities.
our efforts in water management include construction of ground level reservoir and supporting rural communities to upgrade and maintain water bodies such as ponds.
impact: immediate impact: the cost of cultivation was reduced by inr 10,000 and the yield increased to 200 kgs per acre of land.
financial impact: reduction in the cost of cultivation from inr 28,000 to inr 18,000 was achieved by using organic inputs.
social impact: the farmer communities of swayambhu varam are satisfied with the results they achieved by implementing organic farming techniques.
after witnessing the success of polavarapu apparo, many farmers adopted organic farming.
there was a change in farmer mentality pertaining to 'more chemicals, more yield'.
consumers get nutritious food which is cultivated without the use of any chemicals.
environment impact: fertility of the soil increased.
residue from the pesticides decreased.
growth of farmer-friendly microbes in the soil was noticed.
case study: organic farming in swayambu varam while there is growing awareness and demand for organic foods in india, farmers in the country continue to make extensive use of chemical methods, primarily to achieve higher yields and income.
against this backdrop, resl introduced organic agriculture in the village of swayambu varam.
the initiative has been rolled out as a pilot project with 40 farmers on 30 acres of land.
it provides know-how of new cultivation practices that, at lower cost, result in the same yields as conventional agriculture.
the inputs include natural fertilizers and pesticides such as farmyard manure, green leaf manure, neem oil and cake, vermicompost, bio fertilizer, trichoderma cards, etc. in order to incentivize farmers to adopt these new methods, all inputs are funded by resl and provided free of charge.
the many impacts of this project are noteworthy.
the cost of cultivation per acre has reduced from inr 28,000 to inr 18,000.
at the same time, crop yield has increased to 200 kgs per acre.
beyond the financial gain, participating farmers are satisfied with the results of organic farming methods and have voluntarily come forward to embrace these for the long run.
moreover, they are contributing to the health of the consumers of their produce.
importantly, their new practices contribute to improving soil health as pesticide residue has decreased and the growth of plant and soil-friendly micro-organisms have increased.
farmer polavarapu apparo has been cultivating paddy for the last 3 decades and has subscribed to the belief that increased use of chemicals generates higher crop yields.
however, over the years, the cost of cultivation increased while the yield was not very satisfactory.
when he was introduced to organic farming, he had many doubts.
after several awareness creation and training sessions, he was convinced and cultivated paddy organically on 1 acre under the guidance of state government agriculture officials and the resl team.
although the field continued to be affected by pest and disease, these were of a lower intensity compared to chemical farming and the crop yield increased.
this experience changed his perception of organic farming and motivated him to adopt natural cultivation practices to a larger extent.
case study: wadi project kalipada das and kanai das are farmers in gobrageria village, west bengal.
they had half an acre of land that was lying barren owing to a scarcity of water.
the wadi project enthused them to try out alternate crop cultivation and earn a livelihood from the land.
under the project, they received 16 mango and 24 cashew nut plants.
they did all the preparatory work like staking and manure application themselves and followed the advice they received to cultivate the crops appropriately.
today 100% of their plants are thriving.
the core objective of this project was to ensure comprehensive tribal development including natural resource management, micro-finance initiatives, health development, and women's empowerment, through people's participation.
the projects aimed to rejuvenate the environment in an integrated and comprehensive way to enhance the quality of life for poor tribal families.
keeping in view the tribal ways stemming from their history as well as socio-cultural and geographical realities, resl along with nabard's support with tribal development fund helped implement the project to benefit tribal families.
the major focus of the program is to develop the livelihood of the scheduled tribes who have uncultivated fertile land and depend on rainwater for cultivation.
the project incorporates a sustainable way to use locally available resources and ensures that it not only benefits the farmers but the environment as well.
at keshiary block, west midnapur district in west bengal , the project provides 450 land-owner families 'wadi' orchard support and 50 landless families with micro-enterprise support.
kanai das was also keen to learn how to keep his land free of unwanted grasses and came forward to practice intercropping on his land.
he did the necessary work to grow eggplant on 10 decimals of land.
this effort has yielded a profit of inr 8,000 for him.
142 integrated annual report 2021-22 143 re sustainability limited rural development our efforts in rural development are directed towards enabling rural communities to live better quality lives by making sustainable changes.
in fy 2021-22, our initiatives included construction and upgradation of drainage systems, constructing facilities e.grams., community hall for multi-purpose use by village residents, installation of solar lights and drinking water infrastructure.
impact: 25 solar lights in the state of odisha.
drainage system was constructed at pemmanahalli village, karnataka.
provision of material support for the construction of a drainage system at nimbua, punjab.
10 individual sanitary lavatories have been constructed at madhuranthakam village, tamilnadu for below poverty line families.
road repairing works were done in jarela village, rajasthan and pulvakarai village tamil nadu.
skill development and training at resl we strive to contribute to the nation by enabling the youth from marginalized communities to learn employment-oriented skills and find appropriate livelihood opportunities.
our skill development centers provide vocational training to youth from nearby communities and train them in a variety of vocations such as assistant electrician and entrepreneurship among women etc. we also support them to set up their own businesses, if they wish to become entrepreneurs.
impact: 50 individuals successfully completed the assistant electrician course in association with tata strive.
60 individuals benefited through our entrepreneurship skills program which was conducted in association with we hub.
women's empowerment it is a priority for resl to ensure the inclusion and empowerment of women, within the organization as well as in the communities in which we work.
through our initiatives, we support them to achieve financial sufficiency and improved socio-economic parity in the societies in which they live and work.
we have adopted a holistic approach to empowering women.
therefore, our programs address different yet interrelated dimensions that help women to be self-relevant.
we assist them in learning income-generating skills and financial management and facilitate access to government schemes.
we also disseminate information on women's rights.
aligning with our focus on promoting health, we conduct health camps and awareness sessions on women's health and hygiene.
impact: 30 women completed training from the nellore centre and 150 women have completed training in mumbai.
most of the women reported that they have started earning a steady income by using the skills they learnt.
one of our training centers received a work order for stitching school uniforms.
while 86.5% of the women up-skilled themselves through our training centers and 88.5% of them claimed that their training brought a positive change to their lifestyle.
case study: income generating opportunities for women a college graduate, kajal bhoir is in the early-mid-twenties and lives in a joint family which includes her parents and siblings.
the family income amounts to approximately rs 12,000 per month and is insufficient for them to make ends meet.
kajal enrolled for a tailoring course at resl resource center at bhoirwada, taloja in navi mumbai, maharashtra.
although she was initially uncertain about the benefits of doing the course, she soon realized that the training in tailoring as well as the soft skills she was learning could help her set up her own enterprise, earn an income and achieve financial sufficiency.
today, she is convinced that the new vocational training she has received as well as communication and financial management skills that she has learnt will help her fulfill her dream of starting her own design and tailoring boutique.
case study: resl and tssdc resl, along with tata strive skill development centre tssdc , collaborated to train 50 rural youth as assistant electricians.
of the certified 50, 88% were placed, and 91% of these joined the job.
ravula spandana's success story 23-year-old ravula spandana, from thalamadugu, a small village in adilabad district, telangana, participated in this course.
her family's sole reliance on agriculture was insufficient to fund her education, leading her to seek job opportunities.
she learned about the collaboration between resl and tssdc in hyderabad, which offered tata strive's assistant electrician course.
this course improved her practical knowledge and skills in electrical maintenance.
upon completion, the tata strive team prepared her for a placement interview, and she secured a position as a maintenance technician at wipro through amaze facility management services, hyderabad.
she began with a salary of inr 16,000 per month and is committed to working harder for a better future.
tata strive expressed satisfaction with her progress and noted a significant positive change in spandana before and after completing the course.
her employer also sent a letter of appreciation.
natural capital 148 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 149 natural capital the united nations estimates that urbanization will cause the world's urban population to grow from 55% in 2018 to 68% by 2050. india, china, and nigeria are projected to contribute significantly to this growth, with india alone adding 416 million urban residents.
this shift will have not only economic impacts but will also influence people's lifestyles and health.
importantly, growing urbanization has implications for waste management and the current and future state of the environment.
according to government estimates, india currently produces 65 million tons of waste each year.
a major problem in india's waste management system is the lack of scientific and organized waste segregation at the source.
the environmental balance is greatly threatened by unattended dumps, unsorted waste, and a lack of garbage bins in residential and commercial locations.
finding new landfills and moving the garbage piles, along with the lack of waste segregation by dumping recyclables, organic waste, and toxic waste together, makes waste management a greater burden for the indian fabric.
urban landfills are coming under more pressure as a result of growing urbanization, and the laws governing this industry are not being adequately applied on the ground.
resl believes in being future-ready and, with the backing of our investors, is working to address environmental challenges that accompany socioeconomic growth.
we are transitioning from a waste management to a resource management organization with a conscious focus on fostering circular economies.
as we expand our portfolio to meet evolving market demands, r&d for creative resource management solutions also receives sustained attention.
we continue to emphasize efficient consumption of water and energy while lowering emissions and waste generation.
our focus on minimizing our environmental impact encompasses all our operations in india.
snapshots table: resl sustainability initiatives initiative: biogas plant, description: generates 48 tons of compressed biogas cbg used as automobile fuel and for flaring.
initiative: solar plant, description: generates 225 megawatt-hours at himsw treatment facility.
initiative: waste-to-energy plants hyderabad & delhi , description: generate 336 mu of electricity.
initiative: fleet composition, description: around 32% consists of compressed natural gas cng and electric vehicles ev . initiative: water consumption reduction, description: achieved significant reduction through the use of a dry scrubbing system.
initiative: incinerator emissions control, description: uses cems for all incinerators and caaqms/ocems at a few locations.
initiative: biodegradable bag collection, description: uses biodegradable bags for bmw collection in ludhiana and chandigarh.
caption: image showing a landfill.
energy and emissions electrical energy consumption we aim to reduce purchased electricity consumption through different initiatives like shifting to solar, led, power factor maintenance, control on power losses etc. in the reporting year, the solar power facility at hyderabad integrated municipal solid waste treatment facility produced 0.225 mu.
waste to energy our waste to energy wte facility operates by using waste as a fuel to generate steam for turbines used in electricity production.
msw, which is neither readily compostable nor easily recyclable is used as fuel for the wte plant.
this helps us to significantly reduce waste sent to landfills and for minimizing adverse environmental impacts.
resl's auxiliary consumption stands at 12.49% which showcases our energy usage efficiency for power generation operations.
table: electricity consumption and generation mu year: fy 19-20, electricity purchased from grid kilowatt-hours : 1,04,52,698, electricity generated mu : 146, auxiliary consumption mu : 24 year: fy 20-21, electricity purchased from grid kilowatt-hours : 1,18,25,764, electricity generated mu : 234, auxiliary consumption mu : 34 year: fy 21-22, electricity purchased from grid kilowatt-hours : 1,95,41,831, electricity generated mu : 336, auxiliary consumption mu : 42 table end.
energy efficiency and optimization are our prime focus and we ensure that regular external audits are conducted.
initiatives such as energy efficient pumps, vfd installation for motors and compressed air network optimization are implemented across our operations.
notes: the image shows an aerial view, likely illustrating the company's commitment to environmental sustainability.
case study: energy optimization measures it was observed that the auxiliary consumption of the power plant was at the higher end since the commissioning of the project.
after keen observation and experience gained along with several brainstorming sessions, hyderabad msw energy solutions pvt.
ltd.
hmespl was collectively decided upon and implemented.
with a capacity of 24 megawatt commissioned in august 2020, hmespl is a standalone project of re sustainability limited.
its goal is to reduce the footprint of the waste dump site by using 1200 tpd of processed municipal solid waste as fuel while maintaining continuous operation with no significant outages.
with this initiative, the next export of the plant increased up to 2% and the auxiliary consumption reduced from 12% to 10%.
thermal energy consumption resl uses diesel for operations and fleet management.
we use biomass, coal and furnace oil in boilers along with cng for our cng fleet.
the tables depict the usage of diesel and other sources of energy for fy 2021-22.
the addition of operational sites in this cycle has been the reason for the increase in the total diesel consumption.
we have a c&d plant in hyderabad along with two tsdfs in saltora, west bengal, and delhi, and one msw in narela which have become operational.
table: diesel consumption litres fiscal year: fy 19-20, consumption litres : 1,49,30,809 fiscal year: fy 20-21, consumption litres : 1,51,23,078 fiscal year: fy 21-22, consumption litres : 1,72,10,521 table end.
table: other energy consumption gigajoules fuels: coal, total gigajoules : 37,837 fuels: furnace oil, total gigajoules : 305 fuels: biomass, total gigajoules : 67,703 fuels: compressed natural gas, total gigajoules : 47,551 table end.
approaches for optimization of energy a diagram illustrating various approaches such as auto logic for differential pressure control for bfp, super heater steam temp correction to differential pressure control incorporated, blade angle changed for air cooled condenser fans and control logic developed for air cooled condenser, and atmospheric temp correction incorporated in acc logic.
emissions as a responsible business entity we are dedicated to reducing carbon emissions.
our company's actions demonstrate our strong position against climate change through our two-pronged decarbonization strategy, which entails increasing the proportion of renewable energy and improving energy efficiency.
scope 1 emissions presented below cover diesel, cng, furnace oil and coal only, and scope 2 emissions account for electricity purchased from the grid.
for fy 2021-22, we see an increase in scope 1 and scope 2 emissions as our msw business has grown by 36% tpd overall and by 10% in iwm, tonnage grew by 10%.
the emission factor used in the calculation of scope 1 and scope 2 emissions in the last two financial years has been updated, and the revised emission values are reported in the table below.
table: emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent type of emission: scope 1, fy 19-20: 42,947, fy 20-21: 46,602, fy 21-22: 53,312 type of emission: scope 2, fy 19-20: 8,257, fy 20-21: 9,342, fy 21-22: 15,438 type of emission: total emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent , fy 19-20: 51,204, fy 20-21: 55,944, fy 21-22: 68,750 table end.
waste at resl, waste is a significant resource.
we make sure that the waste we collect is handled in a way that has the least negative impact on the environment.
in keeping with our commitment to incorporating principles of circular economy into how we manage waste, we invest in r&d and in infrastructure to recover materials for use in our operations and to provide eco-friendly solutions.
during fy 2021-22, our research and development expenditure on pilot projects was around inr 3 crore.
our research and development wing undertakes various projects through the centre of excellence; drum decontamination, mechanized stabilization, and salt recovery were explored.
the tables below depict the types and quantities of waste generated within our facilities and the proportion of waste diverted from the landfills for fy 2021-22.
waste management data mt table: waste generated, diverted, and landfilled waste: ash, waste generated within the facilities mt : 229,940, waste diverted from landfill mt : 66,550, waste diverted to landfill mt : 163,390 waste: sludge, waste generated within the facilities mt : 97,642, waste diverted from landfill mt : 20,999, waste diverted to landfill mt : 76,643 waste: mee salt, waste generated within the facilities mt : 4,341, waste diverted from landfill mt : 0, waste diverted to landfill mt : 4,341 waste: others, waste generated within the facilities mt : 2,744, waste diverted from landfill mt : 4, waste diverted to landfill mt : 2,740 waste: total , waste generated within the facilities mt : 334,667 , waste diverted from landfill mt : 87,553 , waste diverted to landfill mt : 247,114 table end.
others include: iron scrap, plastic scrap, and used oil etc. additionally, in our efforts to optimize reagent usage and save landfill airspace, we are substituting acceptable waste streams for traditional reagents.
reagent optimization reduced landfill volume by 59,894 cubic meters while conserving resources like cement and lime.
the diagram illustrates the process of recovering salt from industrial waste, involving the mixing of dissolved sodium sulphate waste with activated carbon and the subsequent recovery of salt.
this image shows a sample of the recovered salt.
leachate management leachate from waste disposed in landfills is an environmental hazard as it contaminates both soil and water sources.
however, this risk can be mitigated by converting leachate into usable water.
an agitated thin film dryer atfd plant that showcases the best technological solution for treating leachate will soon be commissioned at hyderabad tsdf.
the aim of this installation is to augment the leachate disposal system without any adverse impact to the environment.
the process involves evaporating the leachate under controlled conditions by using steam as the source of heat.
the evaporated liquid is then captured in a condenser where it is collected as condensate.
in turn, the condensate can then be used for different activities at resl sites where it can be appropriately used.
this conversion demonstrates how resl puts to use the principles of circularity and promotes a culture of sustainability within the organization.
water india is the second most populous nation in the world, with 1.41 billion people.
more than 6% of this population does not have access to clean water.
water availability per person depends on a nation's population, and in india, the country's per capita water availability is declining because of rising population.
in 2001 and 2011, the average annual water availability per person was estimated to be 1,816 cubic metres and 1,545 cubic meters, respectively.
these figures may further decline to 1,367 cubic metres by 2031. water is needed at our locations for various purposes such as cooling, domestic use and landscaping our premises.
due to the increase in the data coverage and the addition of new facilities in fy 2021-22, our water withdrawal has increased from the last financial year.
during the reporting year, 6,54,622 kl of water was withdrawn to be used at different sites.
water conservation is a priority at resl and the following reuse/recycling methods were planned and implemented to reduce our water intake: 8 multiple effect evaporators mee / evaporation plants in operation 1 mechanical vapour recompression mvr plant in operation 1 mvr plant and 2 mee/atfd plant will be in operation soon 2 mvr plants and 1 atfd plant in planning stage leachate management: best practices for minimizing the leachate quantity for treatment have been adopted.
at our waste management facilities, closed sheds with impermeable flooring are preferred for waste storage, processing etc. at msw facilities, leachate is utilized for spraying on landfill for dust control, circulated to compost plants to keep the windrows moist.
excess leachate is sent to lined storage ponds, treated in leachate treatment plants with an option to reuse the treated water in different processes.
at tsdfs, leachate is utilized for spraying on landfill for dust control, for stabilization of waste etc. part of the leachate, after adequate treatment, is utilized in spray driers attached to the incinerators for flue gas cooling.
excess leachate shall be treated using thermal evaporation and other means.
treatment options at different facilities include: reverse osmosis ro plants, multiple effect evaporators mee along with agitated thin film dryers atfds , or mechanical vapour recompression mvr plants.
oman maritime waste treatment omwt s.a.o.c: clean seas.
your choice, our mission the waste generated by maritime waste is a growing environmental hazard.
the international maritime organization's marpol regulations require ships to dispose their waste at port reception facilities and every port is required to provide suitable services.
the omwt s.a.o.c. is a joint venture between re sustainability, khimji ramdas, al ahlia environmental services and nature group plc.
we service the port of sohar in oman and operate as its exclusive marpol port reception facility.
we collect all types of solid and liquid waste from ships either with our specially built collection barges or using trucks, as desired by shipping companies.
we use the best available technologies to treat, process and purify waste contaminated water and return it to the oceans, suitable for marine life.
omwt's commercial operations comprise maritime waste collection, a monetary contribution by the port's management to cover operational costs and end-of-waste sales to oils traders and scrap dealers.
we commenced providing services in early 2022 and have fulfilled 25 jobs.
apart from waste collection from ships, we are targeting other shipping-related industries in the port that generate waste.
we are also well placed to compete in other gcc ports and look ahead to expanding our services beyond sohar port.
recycling options reverse osmosis ro plants multiple effect evaporators mee & agitated thin film dryers atfd mechanical vapour recompression mvr plants dry scrubbing system at some bmw facilities, a water-saving initiative called dry scrubbing system dss is implemented, which is detailed in the diagram below: reduces temperature of the exit gas from 1000+ °c to 200°c controls the particulate matter controls other pollutants diagram showing components like air cooled heat exchanger, ceramic filters, activated carbon, lime powder image of a ship at the port directors' report & financial statements 164 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 165 1. financial results: in compliance with the provisions of section 133 of the companies act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, the company has prepared its standalone and consolidated financial statements as per the indian accounting standards 'ind as' for the fy 2021-22.
the consolidated and standalone financial highlights of the company's operations are as follows: a consolidated financial results table: consolidated financial results inr lakhs particulars: revenue from contract with customers, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 299,691, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 255,644 particulars: other income, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 2,780, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 4,740 particulars: total income , 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 302,471 , 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 260,384 particulars: total expenditure, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 245,081, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 211,627 particulars: profit before exceptional items & taxes, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 57,390, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 48,758 particulars: net profit before tax , 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 56,135 , 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 48,561 particulars: total tax expense, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 10,234, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 8,806 particulars: net profit after tax , 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 45,901 , 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 39,755 table end.
further, the performance of the company is as provided below: on a consolidated basis, during the financial year ended on 31st march 2022, the company recorded total revenue of inr 302,471 lakhs previous financial year inr 260,384 lakhs . on a consolidated basis, the company made a net profit after tax for the current year amounting to inr 45,901 lakhs as compared to the previous financial year inr 39,755 lakhs.
on a standalone basis, during the financial year ended on 31st march 2022, the company recorded total revenue of inr 38,029 lakhs previous financial year inr 36,846 lakhs . on a standalone basis, the company made a net profit after tax for the current year amounting to inr 4,805 lakhs as compared to the previous financial year inr 4,194 lakhs.
amounts mentioned in points 1 & 2 are rounded off to the nearest amount in lakhs b standalone financial results table: standalone financial results inr lakhs particulars: revenue from contract with customers, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 38,029, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 36,846 particulars: other income, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 4,764, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 3,273 particulars: total income , 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 42,793 , 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 40,119 particulars: total expenditure, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 35,887, 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 34,770 particulars: net profit before tax , 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 6,906 , 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 5,349 particulars: total tax expense, 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 2,101 , 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 1,155 particulars: net profit after tax , 1st april 2021 to 31st march 2022: 4,805 , 1st april 2020 to 31st march 2021: 4,194 table end.
2. performance & state of the company affairs: during the financial year, the company changed its erstwhile name from "ramky enviro engineers limited" to "re sustainability limited” resl , with effect from 10th february 2022. the new identity unites the company's various service offerings with its purpose to build a circular economy model and reflects its commitment to the philosophy that there is no such thing as waste—everything has the potential to be a resource.
the intent is to be synonymous not just with ‘recycle,’ but also with ‘rethink, reduce, reuse, repurpose, replenish and restore.’ this brand positions the company as a leader in environmental sustainability, with scale, expertise across industries, and an array of innovative technological solutions that turn waste into value.
3. change in the nature of business if any: the company or any of its subsidiaries, associates, or joint ventures have not changed the nature of business during the financial year under review.
4. share capital as on 31 march 2022: during the financial year under review, there were no changes in the company's authorised, issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital.
table: authorised share capital equity shares:: class a - 20,25,22,450 shares of inr 10 each., number of shares: 2,02,52,24,500 equity shares:: class b - 100 shares of inr 10 each., number of shares: 1,000 equity shares:: preference shares: equity shares:: cumulative compulsory convertible preference shares – 1,00,000 shares of inr 100 each., number of shares: 1,00,00,000 equity shares:: optionally convertible redeemable preference shares – 13,44,000 shares of inr 15 each., number of shares: 2,01,60,000 equity shares:: redeemable preference shares - 71,145 shares of inr 100 each., number of shares: 71,14,500 equity shares:: total , number of shares: 2,06,25,00,000 table end.
table: issued, subscribed, & paid up share capital equity shares:: class a - 41,77,358 shares of inr 10 each., number of shares: 4,17,73,580 equity shares:: class b - 100 shares of inr 10 each., number of shares: 1,000 equity shares:: preference shares: equity shares:: optionally convertible redeemable preference shares – 13,39,472 shares of inr 15 each., number of shares: 2,00,92,080 equity shares:: total , number of shares: 6,18,66,660 table end.
5. employee stock option scheme: the board, on the recommendation of the nomination and remuneration committee of the company, approved the share option plan of 84,594 equity shares esop plan-i for employees of the company and its subsidiaries and share option plan of 4,893 equity shares esop-plan-ii for key employees of the company at its board meeting held on 2nd may, 2019 and same was approved by the members of the company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 2nd may, 2019. the report on employee stock option scheme disclosures as required under rule 12 9 of companies share capital and debentures rules, 2014 is provided in annexure-i to this report.
6. reserves: on the standalone basis, during the financial year, the company has transferred inr 356.55 lakhs into the shares based payment reserves.
table: board of directors and key managerial personnel as of 31 march 2022 s. no: 1, name: mr. bs shantharaju, designation: chairman & independent director, din: 00068501 s. no: 2, name: mr. narayan k. seshadri, designation: independent director, din: 00053563 s. no: 3, name: mrs. hwee hua lim, designation: nominee director, din: 08305430 s. no: 4, name: mrs. vaishali nigam sinha, designation: independent director, din: 02299472 s. no: 5, name: mr. rohan rakesh suri, designation: nominee director, din: 07074450 s. no: 6, name: mr. m. goutham reddy, designation: managing director, din: 00251461 s. no: 7, name: mr. masood alam mallick, designation: whole time director designated as joint managing director , din: 01059902 s. no: 8, name: mr. anil khandelwal, designation: whole time director designated as joint managing director , din: 02552099 table end.
table: key managerial personnel kmps as of 31 march 2022 s. no: 1, name: mr. m. goutham reddy, designation: managing director designated as managing director & ceo s. no: 2, name: mr. masood alam mallick, designation: whole time director designated as joint managing director s. no: 3, name: mr. anil khandelwal, designation: whole time director & cfo designated as joint managing director & cfo s. no: 4, name: mr. govind singh, designation: company secretary table end.
changes during the financial year: mr. rohan rakesh suri din: 07074450 was appointed as nominee director of the company with effect from 15th september, 2021, with the consent of all board members in the meeting held on 15th september 2021. mr. bhuvan srinivasan din: 08357898 resigned as nominee director due to other pre-occupations, effective 15th september 2021. the board accepted the resignation on 15th september 2021. mr. rupen mukesh jhaveri din: 01820858 resigned as nominee director due to other pre-occupations, effective 15th september 2021. the board accepted the resignation on 15th september 2021. mr. m. goutham reddy din: 00251461 , managing director, retires by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting and will offer himself for reappointment.
the board recommends his reappointment.
7. dividend: with a view to conserve resources for expansion of business, the directors have decided not to recommend any dividend for the financial year under review.
8. directors and key managerial personnel: the members of the company’s board are eminent persons of proven competence and integrity.
besides experience, strong financial acumen, strategic astuteness, and leadership qualities, they have a significant degree of commitment towards the company, and they devote adequate time to meetings.
the board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on company/business policy and strategy apart from other board business items.
9. statement on declaration from independent directors: pursuant to the provisions of section 149 7 of the companies act, 2013, the independent directors of the company have submitted a declaration that each meets the criteria of independence as provided in section 149 6 of the act, and there has been no change in circumstances that may affect their status as independent director during the year.
the company has also received a declaration from all independent directors that they have registered their names in the independent directors data bank.
the independent directors have complied with the code for independent directors prescribed in schedule iv of the companies act, 2013. 10. auditors: a. statutory auditor: pursuant to the provisions of section 139 of the companies act, 2013, m/s s. r. batliboi & associates llp, chartered accountants, hyderabad firm registration no.
101049w/e300004 were appointed as statutory auditors of the company by the shareholders at the annual general meeting agm held on 30th december 2018 for a period of four years commencing from the conclusion of the 24th annual general meeting until the conclusion of the 28th annual general meeting of the company.
the company intends to re-appoint the statutory auditors for a second term of five consecutive years in its ensuing agm from the conclusion of the 28th agm till the conclusion of the 33rd agm of the company.
b. secretarial auditor: pursuant to the provisions of section 204 of the companies act, 2013 and the companies appointment and remuneration of managerial personnel rules, 2014, the board, on the recommendation of the audit committee, appointed m/s r & a associates, company secretaries, hyderabad as the secretarial auditors of the company at the board meeting held on 05th august 2021 for the financial year 2021-22.
c. internal auditor: pursuant to the provisions of section 138 of the companies act, 2013, the board, on the recommendation of the audit committee, appointed m/s kpmg india, chartered accountants, hyderabad firm registration no.
ba-62445 as internal auditors for the financial year 2021-22 at the board meeting held on 01st november 2021. d. cost auditor: pursuant to the provisions of section 148 of the companies act, 2013, the company has not appointed any cost auditors as the central government has not prescribed cost audit for any of the activities of the company for the financial year 2021-22.
accordingly, the maintenance of cost records as specified by the central government is not required by the company.
11. details in respect of frauds reported by auditor under section 143 12 : during the year under review, there were no frauds reported by the auditors as provided under section 143 12 of the companies act, 2013. 12. explanations or comments by the board on every qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer made by statutory auditor and secretarial auditor a. statutory auditor: the auditors’ report s to the members of the company in respect of the standalone financial statements and the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended march 31, 2022 are self-explanatory.
during the year under review, no observations have been raised by the statutory auditors of the company for which board explanation is required.
b. secretarial auditor: the secretarial auditors have submitted their report, confirming compliance by the company of all the provisions of applicable corporate laws.
the secretarial audit report for the financial year ended 31st march, 2022 in form mr-3 is annexed to the directors report - annexure -ii and forms part of this report.
following are the observations raised by the secretarial auditors in their report along with the explanation/ comments given by board.
observation: pursuant to e-waste management rules, 2016, the company has filed annual return in form-3 for the financial year 2020-21 for tukkuguda project site with the state pollution control board beyond the prescribed time., boards response: the filing has been acknowledged with a delay of 3 days only which was due to reason that the person acknowledging the report in pcb was not available during that time due to ongoing covid pandemic.
13. compliance to secretarial standards: pursuant to the provisions of section 118 of the companies act, 2013, the company has complied with the applicable provisions of the secretarial standards issued by the institute of company secretaries of india and notified by ministry of corporate affairs.
14. particulars of loans, guarantees or investments under section 186: the company is covered under the definition of infrastructure project and facilities as prescribed in schedule vi of the companies act, 2013, therefore, except sub section 1 other provisions of section 186 are not applicable.
however, particulars of loans given, investments made and guarantees given and securities provided during the year under review have been disclosed in note no.
4 of the audited standalone financial statements for the financial year 2021-22.
15. material changes and commitments if any affecting the financial position of the company occurred between the end of the financial year of the company to which the financial statements relate and the date of the report as part of company’s business strategy the company proposes to significantly enhance its focus on recycling and become a company with high focus on circular economy.
in line with the same and with an intent to expand the business the management proposed to the shareholders and the board of directors’, who approved the plans to set up an integrated recycling ir park in hyderabad.
the ir shall be set up by ramky reclamation recycling private limited rrrpl , 100% subsidiary of the company.
in order to set up the ir, rrrpl has entered in to an agreement with ramky integrated township limited ritl , to purchase a parcel of land at an all-inclusive consideration of inr 500 crores subject to the seller fulfilling certain conditions.
in order to provide financial support to rrrpl, the company has provided inter-corporate deposits of inr 250 crores to pay advance to ritl.
16. the web address where annual return referred to in sub-section 3 of section 92 has been placed: as per the requirements of section 92 3 of the act and rules framed thereunder, the copy of the annual return for fy 2020-21 is uploaded on the website of the company and the same is available at web-link - https://ramkyenviroengineers.com/investor/ 17. details of subsidiaries/ joint ventures/ associate companies: during the year under review, no subsidiary/joint venture/associate companies have become or ceased to be its subsidiary/ joint venture/ associates companies as per the provisions of companies act, 2013 except following:- 1. the company has sold 51% of its stake in visakha solvents limited on 29th june, 2022, and the approval was obtained on 1st november, 2021. 2. the company has sold 51% of its stake in b & g solar private limited on 2nd november, 2021, the board approval for which was obtained on 19th march, 2021. 3. pursuant to the merger order passed by honourable nclt bench, hyderabad on 09th july, 2021, the following companies had merged into the ramky reclamation and recycling private limited formerly known as jodhpur msw private limited which is wholly owned subsidiary of resl.
table: subsidiaries and their relationship with resl s. no: 1, name of transferor company: ramky reclamation and recycling limited, nature of relationship with the resl: wholly owned subsidiary s. no: 2, name of transferor company: deccan recycling private limited, nature of relationship with the resl: step-down subsidiary s. no: 3, name of transferor company: delhi cleantech services private limited, nature of relationship with the resl: wholly owned subsidiary s. no: 4, name of transferor company: ramky e-waste management limited, nature of relationship with the resl: wholly owned subsidiary table end.
4. pashamylaram cetp private limited was incorporated as step down subsidiary company on 11th february, 2022. 5. kesda waste management limited was incorporated as a subsidiary on 23rd june, 2021. 6. ip msw solution private limited was incorporated as wholly owned subsidiary company on 30th december, 2021. 7. ramky cleantech environmental services – sole proprietorship l.l.c., was incorporated in october, 2021 in uae.
a detailed report on the performance of the aforesaid subsidiary, joint ventures or associate companies and their contribution to the overall performance of the company during the period under review is provided under form aoc-1, attached herewith as annexure-iii.
18. number of board meetings: the board meetings were held at regular intervals to discuss and decide on strategies apart from other regular board related items.
however, in case of a special and urgent business need, the board’s approval was taken by passing resolutions through circulation, as permitted by law, which were noted in the subsequent board meetings.
the meetings of the board of directors were held eight 08 times during the year on the following dates: table: board meeting attendance s. no: 1, date of meeting: 24th april, 2021, board strength: 9, no of directors attended: 7 s. no: 2, date of meeting: 14th may, 2021, board strength: 9, no of directors attended: 9 s. no: 3, date of meeting: 05th august, 2021, board strength: 9, no of directors attended: 9 s. no: 4, date of meeting: 15th september, 2021, board strength: 9, no of directors attended: 9 s. no: 5, date of meeting: 01st november, 2021, board strength: 8, no of directors attended: 7 s. no: 6, date of meeting: 17th december, 2021, board strength: 8, no of directors attended: 7 s. no: 7, date of meeting: 04th february, 2022, board strength: 8, no of directors attended: 8 s. no: 8, date of meeting: 04th march, 2022, board strength: 8, no of directors attended: 8 table end.
further, the following circular resolutions were passed unanimously by the board:- table: circular resolutions s. no: 1, date of circulation: 22nd september, 2021, date of approval: 27th september, 2021 s. no: 2, date of circulation: 24th january, 2022, date of approval: 24th january, 2022 table end.
19. meeting of the independent directors pursuant to the requirements of schedule iv of the companies act, 2013, a separate meeting of the independent directors of the company was convened on 25th march, 2022 to review the matters as laid down in schedule iv of the companies, act, 2013. all the independent directors attended the meeting.
20. committees: 1. audit committee the primary objective of the committee is to monitor and provide effective supervision of the management's financial reporting process, to ensure accurate and timely disclosures, with the highest levels of transparency, integrity and quality of financial reporting.
in accordance with the provisions of section 177 of the act, 2013 read with companies meetings of board and its powers rules, 2014, the board of directors of the company has re-constituted audit committee on 15th september 2021. the details of the audit committee constitution as on 31st march 2022 are mentioned below: table: audit committee constitution march 31, 2022 sr. no.: 1, members of the audit committee: mr. narayan seshadri, category: independent director, din: 00053563, designation: chairman sr. no.: 2, members of the audit committee: mr. b s shantharaju, category: independent director, din: 00068501, designation: member sr. no.: 3, members of the audit committee: mr. rohan suri, category: nominee director, din: 07074450, designation: member table end.
the meeting of the audit committee was held six times 6 during the year on the following dates: table: audit committee meeting dates 2021-2022 s. no: 1, date of meeting: 14th may, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 2, date of meeting: 11th june, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 2 s. no: 3, date of meeting: 05th august, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 4, date of meeting: 01st november, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 5, date of meeting: 07th january, 2022, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 6, date of meeting: 04th february, 2022, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 table end.
mr. rupen jhaveri, nominee director of the company resigned on 15th september 2021 and was replaced by mr. rohan suri as the member of the audit committee.
2. nomination and remuneration committee "nrc" the objectives of the nrc are to identify persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the board their appointment and removal and shall carry out evaluation of every director's performance.
the role and function of nrc includes criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the board a policy, relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees.
in accordance with the provisions of section 178 of the act, 2013 read with companies meetings of board and its powers rules, 2014, the board of directors of the company has re-constituted nomination and remuneration committee nrc on 15th september 2021. the details of the nomination and remuneration committee constitution as on 31st march 2022 are mentioned below: table: nrc constitution march 31, 2022 sr. no.: 1, members of the nrc: mr. narayan seshadri, category: independent director, din: 00053563, designation: chairman sr. no.: 2, members of the nrc: mr. b s shantharaju, category: independent director, din: 00068501, designation: member sr. no.: 3, members of the nrc: mrs. hwee hua lim, category: nominee director, din: 08305430, designation: member table end.
the meeting of the nomination and remuneration committee "nrc" was held three times 3 during the year on the following dates: table: nrc meeting dates 2021-2022 s. no: 1, date of meeting: 14th may, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 2, date of meeting: 05th august, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 3, date of meeting: 04th february, 2022, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 table end.
the nrc policy has been placed on the website of the company: 3. corporate social responsibility "csr" committee in accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the companies act, 2013 read with companies corporate social responsibility policy rules, 2014, the board of directors of the company have duly constituted a corporate social responsibility csr committee consisting of the members as mentioned below.
in accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the act, 2013 read with companies corporate social responsibility policy rules, 2014, the board of directors of the company has re-constituted corporate social responsibility csr committee on 15th september 2021. the details of the same as on 31st march 2022 are mentioned below: table: csr committee constitution march 31, 2022 s. no.: 1, members of the csr committee: mr. b s shantharaju, category: independent director, din: 00068501, designation: chairman s. no.: 2, members of the csr committee: mr. rohan suri, category: nominee director, din: 07074450, designation: member s. no.: 3, members of the csr committee: mrs. hwee hua lim, category: nominee director, din: 08305430, designation: member s. no.: 4, members of the csr committee: mr. m goutham reddy, category: managing director, din: 00251461, designation: member table end.
the meeting of the corporate social responsibility "csr" committee was held two times 2 during the year on the following dates: table: csr committee meeting dates 2021 s. no: 1, date of meeting: 14th may, 2021, committee strength: 4, no of directors attended: 4 s. no: 2, date of meeting: 05th august, 2021, committee strength: 4, no of directors attended: 4 table end.
the board of directors at their meeting held on 14th may 2021 adopted the amended csr committee charter cum policy.
the csr policy has been placed on the website of the company: in accordance with section 135 of the companies act, 2013 read with rule 5 2 of the companies corporate social responsibility policy rules, 2014 and the csr policy, the company had framed an annual csr plan on the proposed csr projects and the activities to be undertaken by the company during the financial year 2021-22.
the annual report on csr as required under section 135 of the act read with rules framed thereunder is provided in annexure-iv to this report.
4. executive board committee "ebc" in accordance with the applicable provisions of the companies act, 2013, the board formed an executive board committee to meet the day-to-day business requirements of the company.
brief of powers, duties and responsibilities of the committee: subject to the provisions of the articles of association of the company, including obtaining investor as defined in the articles consent where necessary: a any borrowings fund based, non-fund based, equipment finance etc. upto rs.
50,000,000 rupees five crore only individually or rs.
200,000,000 rupees twenty crores only in aggregate in any financial year, or any capital commitment by the company.
2. executive board committee meetings table: executive board committee meetings 2021-2022 s. no: 1, date of meeting: 07th april, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 2, date of meeting: 28th april, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 3, date of meeting: 15th may, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 4, date of meeting: 01st june, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 5, date of meeting: 09th july, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 6, date of meeting: 05th august, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 table end.
3. executive board committee composition as of march 31, 2022 table: executive board committee members s. no: 1, members of the ebc: mr. m goutham reddy, category: managing director, din: 00251461, designation: member s. no: 2, members of the ebc: mr. anil khandelwal, category: whole time director designated as jt.
managing director & cfo , din: 02552099, designation: member s. no: 3, members of the ebc: mr. masood alam mallick, category: whole time director designed as jt.
managing director , din: 01059902, designation: member table end.
4. risk management committee meetings 2021-2022 table: risk management committee meetings s. no: 7, date of meeting: 01st september, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 8, date of meeting: 16th september, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 9, date of meeting: 04th october, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 10, date of meeting: 01st november, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 11, date of meeting: 01st december, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 12, date of meeting: 17th december, 2021, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 13, date of meeting: 04th january, 2022, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 14, date of meeting: 05th february, 2022, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 15, date of meeting: 05th march, 2022, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 s. no: 16, date of meeting: 24th march, 2022, committee strength: 3, no of directors attended: 3 table end.
5. risk management committee composition table: risk management committee members s. no: 1, members: mr. narayan seshadri, designation: independent director, din: 00053563 s. no: 2, members: mr. m. goutham reddy, designation: managing director, din: 00251461 s. no: 3, members: mr. masood mallick, designation: whole time director designed as joint managing director , din: 01059902 s. no: 4, members: mr. anil khandelwal, designation: whole time director & cfo designated as joint managing director & cfo , din: 02552099 s. no: 5, members: mr. shujath bin ali, designation: general counsel and chief compliance officer, din: na table end.
6. environment, social and governance esg committee the objective of the environment, social and governance esg committee is to assist the board of directors in upholding the company’s commitment to environment conservation and sustainability including climate change , health & safety of its employees and the communities where it operates; corporate governance, reputation and diversity.
21. disclosures as per the sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013: the company has adopted zero tolerance for sexual harassment at the workplace and has formulated a policy on prevention, prohibition, and redressal of sexual harassment at the workplace in line with the provisions of the sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder for prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at the workplace.
the company has complied with provisions relating to the constitution of internal complaints committee under the sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013. during the year under review, the company has not received any complaints under sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013. further, there were no complaints pending as on march 31, 2022. table: sexual harassment complaints data fy 2021-22 no.: 1, particulars: no of sexual harassment complaints received in fy 2021-22, remarks: 0 no.: 2, particulars: no of complaints disposed off during fy 2021-22, remarks: 0 no.: 3, particulars: no of cases pending for more than 90 days, remarks: 0 no.: 4, particulars: no.
of awareness programs or workshops against sexual harassment conducted during the year, remarks: 22 no.: 5, particulars: nature of actions taken by the employer, remarks: na table end.
22. vigil mechanism/whistleblower policy: in line with the requirement under section 177 9 & 10 of the companies act, 2013, read with the companies meeting of the board and its powers rules 2014, the company has adopted vigil mechanism policy for directors and employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud, or violation of company's code of conduct and ethics.
the whistleblower policy is placed on the website of the company at . if the employee or third party has a concern regarding a potential violation of any code or a company's policy or anything which is inconsistent with applicable laws, they can promptly inform it to the member of legal, ethics & compliance department at ethics.reel@resustainability.com or chief compliance officer at cco.reel@resustainability.com, or through speak open hotline or speakopen web intake facility which can be accessed through the below link mentioned and also in our company website.
. toll-free number for speak open hotline 000 800 0502 103. the whistleblower's complaints can be received through the communication portals including email, phone call, sms or a written letter from employee or third party through a whistleblower or internal audit reference.
23. adequacy of internal financial controls with reference to the financial statements: the company has adequate internal financial controls consistent with the nature of business and size of the operations, to effectively provide for safety of its assets, reliability of financial transactions with adequate checks and balances, adherence to applicable statues, accounting policies, approval procedures and to ensure optimum use of available resources.
these systems are reviewed and improved on a regular basis.
it has a comprehensive budgetary control system to monitor revenue and expenditure against approved budget on an ongoing basis.
further, the internal auditors are empowered to oversee & report to the audit committee about the status of internal financial controls on a quarterly/half yearly basis.
24. directors responsibility statement: based on the framework of internal financial controls and compliance systems established and maintained by the company, the work performed by the internal, statutory and secretarial auditors and external consultants, including the audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting by the statutory auditors and the reviews performed by management and the relevant board committees, including the audit committee, the board is of the opinion that the company's internal financial controls were adequate and effective during fy 2021-22.
pursuant to section 134 5 of the act, the board of directors, to the best of their knowledge and ability, confirm that: a in the preparation of the accounts for the financial year ended 31st march 2022, the applicable accounting standards have been followed and that there are no material departures; b the directors had selected such accounting policies and have applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year and of the profit of the company for the period; c the directors had taken proper and sufficient care to the best of their knowledge and ability for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the companies act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; d the directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis; and e the directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
25. related party transactions: as a part of its philosophy of adhering to the highest ethical standards, transparency and accountability, your company is following the practice of undertaking related party transaction on arm's length basis.
also, the same were undertaken in compliance with the applicable provisions of the companies act, 2013. the transactions entered into during the financial year were in conformity with the company's policy on related party transactions.
all the related party transactions are placed on a quarterly basis before the audit committee and board for their review and approval.
prior omnibus approval was also obtained from the audit committee and board for the transactions which are repetitive in nature.
during the year 2021-22, your company did not enter into any material related party transactions.
accordingly, disclosure with respect to the related party transactions in the form aoc - 2 in terms of section 134 of the companies act, 2013 is not applicable.
details of all the related party transactions undertaken during the financial year are provided in the note no.
32 of the standalone financial statements of financial year 2021-22 of the company.
26. deposits from public: no further information provided in the image.
27. significant & material orders passed by the regulators, courts and tribunals: during the year under review, there were no significant material orders passed by the regulators, courts and tribunals.
28. annual evaluation of the board, its committees and individual directors: pursuant to the provisions of section 138 of the companies act, 2013, every public company having paid up capital of inr 25 crores rupees twenty five crores must conduct a formal annual evaluation of the performance of the board, committees and individual directors annually . as your company is not covered in the foregoing criteria, hence it is not applicable.
however, pursuant to the provisions of section 178, the board has approved the nomination and remuneration committee charter cum policy and ensured that the evaluation process is in place for all the directors, kmps and senior management personnel.
the nomination & remuneration committee is empowered to evaluate the performance of all the directors by seeking their inputs on various aspects on the following: 1. the contribution to and monitoring of corporate governance practices, participation in the long-term strategic planning.
2. the fulfilment of directors’ obligations and fiduciary responsibilities, including but not limited to, active participation at the board and committee meetings.
3. the independent directors at their meeting shall review the performance of board, chairman of the board and of non-executive directors.
the board evaluation framework is conducted for all the board members on various factors via relationship with stakeholders, company’s performance, decision making, information flow etc. the board evaluation is conducted through a questionnaire having qualitative parameters and feedback based on rating.
the nomination and remuneration charter cum policy has been placed on the website of the company http://ramkyenviroengineers.com/.
29. conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earning and outgo under section 134 3 m of the companies act, 2013: the disclosures required under section 134 3 meter of the companies act, 2013 read with the companies accounts rules, 2014 for the year ended 31st march, 2022 are as follows: a. conservation of energy: company’s operations require electric energy for its industrial and bio-medical incinerators, leachate treatment equipment, municipal waste processing equipment, shredders, blenders, computer systems, air conditioners and offices etc. however, adequate measures have been taken to reduce energy consumption, wherever possible.
steps taken on conservation of energy and impact thereof: setting up of rooftop solar plant of 1.5mw in 8 sites which will have impact on: electricity bill cost reduction.
for example at hwmp we are carrying out 245kwp 1kwp = 4units to generate renewable source of 980kwp per day with net savings of inr 1.2l per month.
reduction of co₂ emissions.
by using the renewable energy solar , dependency on thermal power is reduced and also co₂ emissions.
the company is utilizing the roof tops for solar installation and not occupying the space on land with on-ground modules.
inr 565 lakhs worth of renewable power purchase is committed by the company for the next 10 years.
investment is usage of steam for treatment of leachate: the company has conducted trials to use the waste steam from wte plant and is currently in the process of investing inr 300 lakhs to use this waste steam to reduce 11,520 tons of coal annually.
steps taken by the company for utilizing alternate sources of energy: the company has offered 1.5mw solar rooftop installations at 8 sites namely hwmp 245kwp , tnwml 200kwp , wbwml 100kwp , mpwmp 132kwp , cwmp 310kwp , mwml 241kwp , raipur 100kwp , bilaspur 100kwp . we have completed net metering for all the sites and in about 4 sites modules, mounting structures, ladder access has been delivered and execution works in progress.
the company is moving towards utilizing compressed bio-gas clean fuel for its incinerator and other equipment in hyderabad waste management project.
capital investment on energy conservation equipment: committed investments of inr 865 lakhs b. technology absorption: 1. efforts made towards technology absorption and the benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution.
salt recovery project: pilot plant for recovery of sodium sulphate from industrial waste.
installation of plant at hwmp is under active progress expected to be commissioned by sep'22.
impact: reduction in waste going into landfill, reducing landfill footprint and air space.
reduced leachate generation due to the hygroscopic nature of the salt.
market value for the recovered salt adds techno-commercial viability.
stabilization of leachate: stabilization of leachate on a large scale implemented at various sites hwmp, kwmp . impact: leachate generated from landfill stabilized with neutral dry landfill waste, reducing leachate quantity at large scale.
critical waste management: dynamic issue to identify appropriate and customized solutions for different wastes.
this technology has been extended to 7 iw facilities.
impact: provides solutions to customers, ensuring satisfaction.
ensures compliance.
significant business opportunity 19.19 cr worth of business during 21-22 using critical waste disposal methods . optimization of reagents used for stabilization: replacement of cement and lime with low-cost ground granulated blast furnace slag ggbs . implemented at hwmp.
impact: reduced reagent consumption and landfill air space savings diversion from landfill . financial savings: inr 17.97 cr.
non-financial: conservation of natural resources and landfill air space savings.
other innovation projects in progress: diversion of waste from landfill: measuring the quantity/volume of waste/reagents disposed into the landfill.
impact: reduced landfill footprint and increased landfill air space.
setting up decontamination and recycling of plastic drums: pilot plant planned at hwmp.
impact: better compliance and circular economy through recycling.
setting up pilot plant for drying of high moisture waste sludge dryer : bench-scale experiments conducted showing high potential benefit from diverting high moisture wastes from landfill.
pilot plant planned at hwmp.
impact: reduced waste going into landfill.
reduced leachate as this is high moisture waste . avoidance of solidification process, reducing the use of natural resources.
overall cost benefit for opex.
2. in case of imported technology imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year : na 3. the details of technology imported: na 4. whether the technology been fully absorbed: na 5. if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place, and the reasons thereof: na 6. r&d expenditure: inr 46 lakhs significant r&d expenditure is undertaken by the subsidiary entities c. foreign exchange earning and outgo: table: foreign exchange earnings & outgo in inr lakhs : foreign exchange earnings, as on 31 st march, 2022: 1290.73, as on 31 st march 2021: 5,630.20 : foreign exchange outgo, as on 31 st march, 2022: 1523.22, as on 31 st march 2021: 3,932.30 table end.
30. statement regarding opinion of the board with regard to integrity, expertise and experience including the proficiency of the independent directors appointed during the year the board is of the opinion that the independent directors possess the requisite expertise, experience and proficiency in their field and are persons of high integrity and repute.
they fulfill the conditions specified in the companies act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and are independent of the management of the company.
all independent directors have registered themselves with the data bank maintained by the indian institute of corporate affairs iica . further, the independent directors are exempted from undertaking the online proficiency self-assessment test for independent directors conducted by the iica.
they are in compliance with rule 6 of the companies appointment and qualifications of directors rules, 2014. 31. the details of application made or any proceeding pending under the insolvency and bankruptcy code, 2016 31 of 2016 during the year along with their status as at the end of the financial year.
the company has not made any application nor any petition and no proceeding are pending under the insolvency and bankruptcy code, 2016 31 of 2016 at the end of financial year 2021-22.
32. the details of difference between amount of the valuation done at the time of one time settlement and the valuation done while taking loan from the banks or financial institutions along with the reasons thereof the company has not made any one-time settlements during the financial year 2021-22.
33. general disclosures your directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in respect of the following items as there were no transactions on these items during the year under review: issue of equity shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise; issue of sweat equity shares; your company does not have any scheme of provision of money for the purchase of its own shares by employees or by trustees for the benefit of employees; re sustainability limited 34. acknowledgement your directors wish to place on record their appreciation to employees at all levels for their hard work, dedication and commitment.
the board also desires to place on record its sincere appreciation for the support and co-operation that the company received from the customers, strategic partners, bankers, auditors, consultants and all others associated with the company.
for and on behalf of the board of re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited m. goutham reddy managing director date: 24 august 2022 place: hyderabad din: 00251461 masood alam mallick whole time director and ceo din: 01059902 employee stock option plan rule 12 of companies share capital and debentures rules, 2014 the main features of the esop plan-i and esop plan-ii and other details of the scheme as per rule 12 of companies share capital and debentures rules, 2014, are as under.
table: employee stock option plan details as of 31 march 2022 item: options granted, esop plan-i for company and its subsidiary companies: 66,253, esop plan-ii for key employees of the company: 4,893 item: options vested till date time bound , esop plan-i for company and its subsidiary companies: 10,369, esop plan-ii for key employees of the company: 4,893 item: options exercised, esop plan-i for company and its subsidiary companies: 0, esop plan-ii for key employees of the company: 0 item: total number of shares arising from exercise, esop plan-i for company and its subsidiary companies: 3,206, esop plan-ii for key employees of the company: 0 item: options lapsed, esop plan-i for company and its subsidiary companies: 0, esop plan-ii for key employees of the company: 0 item: variation of terms of options, esop plan-i for company and its subsidiary companies: there were no variations during the financial year ended 31st march 2021, esop plan-ii for key employees of the company: there were no variations during the financial year ended 31st march 2021 item: money realized by exercise of options, esop plan-i for company and its subsidiary companies: 66,253, esop plan-ii for key employees of the company: 4,893 item: total number of options in force table end.
key managerial personnel stock options granted name of kmp: m. goutham reddy, no of options: 21,149, % of offer: 31.62% name of kmp: masood mallick, no of options: 14,911, % of offer: 22.5% name of kmp: anil khandelwal, no of options: 11,104, % of offer: 16.60% name of kmp: govind singh, no of options: 140, % of offer: 0.21% table end.
other employee stock options granted not applicable for and on behalf of the board of re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited m. goutham reddy managing director date: 24th august 2022 place: hyderabad din: 00251461 masood alam mallick whole time director and ceo din: 01059902 form no.
mr-3: secretarial audit report ended 31 st march 2022 to, the members, re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited level 11b, aurobindo galaxy, hyderabad knowledge city, hitech city road, telangana-500081 we have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited and hereinafter called “the company” . secretarial audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
based on our verification of the company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the company and also the information provided by the company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31 st march, 2022 “the audit period” complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the company has proper board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: we have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the company during the audit period, according to the provisions of: 1. the companies act, 2013 “the act” and the rules made thereunder; 2. the securities contracts regulation act, 1956 'scra' and the rules made thereunder not applicable to the company during the audit period ; 3. the depositories act, 1996 and the regulations and bye-laws framed thereunder; 4. foreign exchange management act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of foreign direct investment and overseas direct investment there were no external commercial borrowings transactions in the company, during the audit period ; 5. the following regulations and guidelines prescribed under the securities and exchange board of india act, 1992 'sebi act' : the securities and exchange board of india listing obligations and disclosure requirements regulations, 2015; not applicable to the company during the audit period the securities and exchange board of india substantial acquisition of shares and takeovers regulations, 2011; not applicable to the company during the audit period the securities and exchange board of india prohibition of insider trading regulations, 2015; not applicable to the company during the audit period the securities and exchange board of india issue of capital and disclosure requirements regulations, 2009 not applicable to the company during the audit period ; the securities and exchange board of india employee stock option scheme and employee stock purchase scheme guidelines, 1999 and the securities and exchange board of india share based employee benefits regulations, 2014 notified on 28 october 2014; not applicable to the company during the audit period the securities and exchange board of india issue and listing of debt securities regulations, 2008 not applicable to the company during the audit period ; the securities and exchange board of india registrars to an issue and share transfer agents regulations, 1993 regarding the companies act and dealing with client not applicable to the company during the audit period ; the securities and exchange board of india delisting of equity shares regulations, 2009 not applicable to the company during the audit period ; and the securities and exchange board of india buyback of securities regulations, 1998 not applicable to the company during the audit period . 6. we further report on the following laws that are applicable specifically to the company: the water prevention and control of pollution act, 1974; the air prevention and control of pollution act, 1981; the environment protection act, 1986; the hazardous and other wastes management & transboundary movement rules, 2016; the solid waste management rules, 2016; construction and demolition waste management rules, 2016; plastic waste management rules, 2016; and e-waste management rules, 2016. we have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: 1. secretarial standards issued by the institute of company secretaries of india.
2. the listing agreements entered into by the company with stock exchanges not applicable to the company during the audit period ; during the period under review the company has complied with the provisions of the act, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. mentioned above subject to the following observation: pursuant to e-waste management rules, 2016, the company has filed annual return in form-3 for the financial year 2020-21 for tukkuguda project site with the state pollution control board beyond the prescribed time.
we further report that: the board of directors of the company is duly constituted with proper balance of executive directors and non-executive directors.
the changes in the composition of the board of directors that took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the act.
adequate notice of at least seven days is given to all directors to schedule the board meetings, however agenda and detailed notes on agenda needs to be sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
all decisions at board meetings and committee meetings are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the board of directors or committee of the board, as the case may be.
we further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size and operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
independent auditor's report on secretarial audit to, the members, re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited level 11b, aurobindo galaxy, hyderabad knowledge city, hitech city road, telangana - 500081 our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited and hereinafter referred as "the company" . our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
1. we have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.
the verification was done on a test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.
we believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
2. we have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the company.
3. wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 4. the compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.
our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on a test basis.
5. the secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
6. we have relied upon the information provided by the management with respect to related party transactions for its compliance.
7. the company has recorded in its minutes books of the board, committee and general meetings, wherever applicable, that the transactions with related parties under section 188 are entered in its ordinary course of business and at arm's length and accordingly we have relied on such confirmation with respect to compliance of applicable provisions for the related party transactions executed during the year under review.
for and on behalf of r&a associates r. ramakrishna gupta senior partner fcs no.: 5523 c p no.: 6696 udin: f005523d000591658 office no.
t 202, technopolis, 1-10-74/b, above ratnadeep super market, chikoti gardens, begumpet, hyderabad - 500 016. date: 08th july, 2022 place: hyderabad note: this report is to be read with our letter of even date, which is annexed as "annexure - a" and forms an integral part of this report.
company activities during the audit period i. provided corporate guarantee on behalf of himsw and pledged the shares of himsw held by the company in favour of sbi to provide a term loan and cash credit facility of inr 265.20 crores to himsw in the board meeting held on 24th april, 2021. ii.
renewed corporate guarantee in the board meeting held on 14th may, 2021 in favour of indian overseas bank for loan borrowed by b & g solar private limited.
iii.
approved for the transfer of 51% equity shareholding held by the company in b & g solar private limited to b & g infrastructure company private limited in the board meeting held on 05th august, 2021. iv.
approved for the transfer of 51% equity shareholding held by the company in visakha solvents limited to madhya pradesh waste management private limited in the board meeting held on 01st november, 2021. v. incorporation of a wholly owned subsidiary in the name and style of ip msw solutions ltd pursuant to provisions of section 179 of the companies act, 2013 in the board meeting held on 17th december 2021. vi.
changed the name of the company from "ramky enviro engineers limited" to "re sustainability limited" pursuant to the provisions of section 4 and 13 of the companies act, 2013 in the extra-ordinary general meeting held on 04th february, 2022. vii.
provided corporate guarantee on behalf of hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited hmswespl and pledged the shares of hmswespl held by the company in favour of power finance corporation to provide a term loan and to hmswespl in the board meeting held on 04th february, 2022. viii.
the excess remuneration paid in the financial year 2020-2021 to mr. m goutham reddy managing director and ceo, mr. m masood malik jr. managing director and mr. anil khandelwal jr. managing director was ratified in the annual general meeting held on 27th september, 2021. part a: subsidiaries table: financial data of subsidiaries fy 2021-22 notes: this table presents the financial highlights of re sustainability limited's subsidiaries for the fiscal year 2021-22.
data is presented in lakhs indian rupees . the "% of shareholding" column indicates the percentage of ownership held by re sustainability limited in each subsidiary.
parentheses indicate negative values losses . the table has been simplified from the original image to enhance readability and clarity.
table: financial data of subsidiaries 2021-22 s. no: 27, name of the entity: pro enviro recycling private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 314.95 , total assets: 252.05, total liabilities: 252.05, profit/ loss before tax: 30.28 , provision for taxation: 7.87 , profit/ loss after taxation: 22.41 , % of shareholding: 51% s. no: 28, name of the entity: medicare environmental mangament pvt limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 51.10, reserves & surplus: 12,571.25, total assets: 16,256.32, total liabilities: 16,256.32, turnover: 10,627.38, profit/ loss before tax: 2,575.50, provision for taxation: 343.51, profit/ loss after taxation: 2,231.99, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 30, name of the entity: pro enviro c&d waste management private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 632.46 , total assets: 1,677.94, total liabilities: 1,677.94, turnover: 342.29, profit/ loss before tax: 299.49 , provision for taxation: 81.67 , profit/ loss after taxation: 217.82 , % of shareholding: 49% s. no: 31, name of the entity: dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 0.83 , total assets: 0.90, total liabilities: 0.90, profit/ loss before tax: 0.45 , provision for taxation: 0.45 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 32, name of the entity: alliance envirocare company private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 29.70, reserves & surplus: 211.10, total assets: 827.44, total liabilities: 827.44, turnover: 571.59, profit/ loss before tax: 90.16, provision for taxation: 36.81, profit/ loss after taxation: 53.35, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 33, name of the entity: rewa msw energy solutions private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 2,711.76, total assets: 3,819.56, total liabilities: 3,819.56, turnover: 3,768.15, profit/ loss before tax: 131.03, provision for taxation: 32.93, profit/ loss after taxation: 98.10, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 34, name of the entity: dundigal waste 2 energy private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 7,693.76, total assets: 20,088.64, total liabilities: 20,088.64, turnover: 20,072.19, profit/ loss before tax: 576.41, provision for taxation: 145.10, profit/ loss after taxation: 431.31, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 35, name of the entity: chennai enviro solutions private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 3,398.39, total assets: 11,443.57, total liabilities: 11,443.57, turnover: 13,356.36, profit/ loss before tax: 4,193.36, provision for taxation: 851.18, profit/ loss after taxation: 3,342.18, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 36, name of the entity: kesda waste management private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 0.10, reserves & surplus: 18.43 , total assets: 103.79, total liabilities: 103.79, profit/ loss before tax: 24.91 , provision for taxation: 6.48 , profit/ loss after taxation: 18.43 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 37, name of the entity: ip msw solution private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 10.41 , total assets: 145.38, total liabilities: 145.38, turnover: 9.84, profit/ loss before tax: 13.91 , provision for taxation: 3.50 , profit/ loss after taxation: 10.41 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 38, name of the entity: pashamylaram cetp private limited, reporting currency: inr, share capital: 1.00, reserves & surplus: 0.25 , total assets: 50.00, total liabilities: 49.99, profit/ loss before tax: 0.25 , provision for taxation: 0.25 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 40, name of the entity: rvac private limited, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 0.99, total assets: 18.00, total liabilities: 18.00, turnover: 19.49, profit/ loss before tax: 1.31, provision for taxation: 0.06, profit/ loss after taxation: 1.25, % of shareholding: 98.56% s. no: 41, name of the entity: ramky cleantech services pte.
ltd, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 254.18, total assets: 502.90, total liabilities: 502.90, turnover: 641.38, profit/ loss before tax: 50.01, provision for taxation: 7.33 , profit/ loss after taxation: 57.34, % of shareholding: 74% s. no: 42, name of the entity: ramky cleantech services china pte.
ltd, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 12.47 , total assets: 1.41, total liabilities: 1.41, profit/ loss before tax: 0.06 , provision for taxation: 0.06 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 43, name of the entity: pt ramky indonesia, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 1.35 , total assets: 0.04, total liabilities: 0.04, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 44, name of the entity: ramky environmental technology shenzhen co.
ltd, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 3.16 , total assets: 1.13, total liabilities: 1.13, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 45, name of the entity: ramky cleantech services philippines pte.
ltd, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 0.43 , total assets: 1.46, total liabilities: 1.46 s. no: 46, name of the entity: ramky-royal building maintenance and services inc, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 0.98, total assets: 4.60, total liabilities: 4.60, profit/ loss before tax: 0.04 , provision for taxation: 0.04 , % of shareholding: 50% s. no: 47, name of the entity: ramky international india pte.
ltd, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 6.58, total assets: 77.37, total liabilities: 77.37, profit/ loss before tax: 0.01 , provision for taxation: 0.01 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 48, name of the entity: ramky solutions pte.
ltd, reporting currency: singapore dollar, share capital: 56.06, reserves & surplus: 30.72 , total assets: 152.23, total liabilities: 152.23, turnover: 212.18, profit/ loss before tax: 3.36, provision for taxation: 0.96, profit/ loss after taxation: 2.41, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 49, name of the entity: ramky north america llc, reporting currency: united states dollar, share capital: 75.9, reserves & surplus: 8.15 , total assets: 35.28, total liabilities: 35.28, turnover: 1.75, profit/ loss before tax: 0.35, provision for taxation: 0.35, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 50, name of the entity: nature environmental & marine services llc, reporting currency: united states dollar, share capital: 75.9, reserves & surplus: 11.72 , total assets: 26.31, total liabilities: 26.31, turnover: 37.87, profit/ loss before tax: 3.04 , provision for taxation: 3.04 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 51, name of the entity: ramky enviro engineers middle east fz-llc, reporting currency: aed, share capital: 20.67, reserves & surplus: 231.41, total assets: 760.84, total liabilities: 760.84, turnover: 174.50, profit/ loss before tax: 30.07, provision for taxation: 30.07, % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 52, name of the entity: ramky tanzania limited, reporting currency: aed, share capital: 20.67, reserves & surplus: 1.03 , total assets: 17.18, total liabilities: 17.18, profit/ loss before tax: 0.46 , provision for taxation: 0.46 , % of shareholding: 100% s. no: 53, name of the entity: ramky cleantech environmental services - sole proprietorship llc, u.a.e, reporting currency: aed, share capital: 20.67 s. no: 54, name of the entity: ramky enviro bangladesh limited, reporting currency: bdt, share capital: 0.88, reserves & surplus: 39.10 , total assets: 1.35, total liabilities: 1.35, profit/ loss before tax: 30.62 , provision for taxation: 30.62 , % of shareholding: 100% table end.
notes: total liabilities includes share capital and reserves/surplus income from other sources included in turnover % of share holding includes convertible preference shares.
amounts are in the currencies of singapore dollar, aed united states dollar and sar respectively.
investment in subsidiaries including investment in group companies co-subsidiaries, associates have been excluded.
name of the subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: b & g solar private limited - subsidiary name of the subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: 1. dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited 2. dundigal waste 2 energy private limited 3. rewa msw energy solutions private limited 4. ramky enviro bangladesh limited 5. kesda waste management private limited 6. ip msw solution private limited 1. brief outline on csr policy of the company: the main object of the csr policy is to lay down guidelines for the company, in relation to its csr activities.
this policy covers current as well as proposed csr activities to be undertaken by the company, in alignment with schedule vii of the companies act, 2013 “act” , as amended from time to time as well as the modalities of execution of the same.
2. composition of csr committee as on 31st march, 2022: name of the director: b s shantharaju, designation / nature of directorship: chairman, number of meeting of csr committee held during the year: 2, number of meeting of csr committee attended during the year: 2 name of the director: rupen mukesh jhaveri , designation / nature of directorship: member, number of meeting of csr committee held during the year: 2, number of meeting of csr committee attended during the year: 2 name of the director: hwee hua lim, designation / nature of directorship: member, number of meeting of csr committee held during the year: 2, number of meeting of csr committee attended during the year: 2 name of the director: m goutham reddy, designation / nature of directorship: member, number of meeting of csr committee held during the year: 2, number of meeting of csr committee attended during the year: 2 name of the director: rohan rakesh suri, designation / nature of directorship: member, number of meeting of csr committee held during the year: 0, number of meeting of csr committee attended during the year: 0 table end.
\ mr rupen mukesh jhaveri resigned as the nominee director of the company wef 15th september, 2021. further, mr rohan rakesh suri was appointed as the nominee director and a member of the csr committee on 15th september, 2021. 3. provide the web-link where composition of csr committee, csr policy and csr projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the company: https://ramkyenviroengineers.com/investor/ 4. provide the details of impact assessment of csr projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule 3 of rule 8 of the companies corporate social responsibility policy rules, 2014, if applicable attach the report : as the average csr obligation of the company is less than inr 10 crore, this provision is not applicable for the financial year 2020-21.
however, the company has made an expense of rs.
4.8 lakhs for appointing an external agency for carrying out the assessment and evaluation of the csr activities done on behalf of the entire group.
5. details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule 3 of rule 7 of the companies corporate social responsibility policy rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any: nil table: associates and joint ventures 31 march 2022 s. no: 1, name of the associates/joint venture jv : farz llc, latest audited balance sheet: 31 march 2022 s. no: 2, name of the associates/joint venture jv : al ahlia waste treatment llc, latest audited balance sheet: 31 march 2022, networth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited balance sheet: 94,31,31,976.30, profit/loss for the year: 14,23,14,864.92 s. no: 3, name of the associates/joint venture jv : al ahlia environmental services co.
l.l.c , latest audited balance sheet: 31 march 2022 s. no: 4, name of the associates/joint venture jv : ramky al-turki environmental services, latest audited balance sheet: 31 march 2022 table end.
notes : the table above shows incomplete data.
several columns have missing information from the original image.
the information present is incomplete, and the original image may have contained additional information in those columns.
furthermore, the image includes incomplete financial details for several companies.
complete data was not available for all the entries.
6. average net profit of the company as per section 135 5 : inr 66,20,95,917.60 7. a two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135 5 : inr 1,32,41,918.35 b surplus arising out of the csr projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: 0 c amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: 0 d total csr obligation for the financial year 7a+7b+7c : inr 1,32,41,918.35 8. a csr amount spent or unspent for the financial year: table: csr amount spent and unspent total amount spent for the financial year in inr : 2,68,66,550, total amount unspent in inr : 0, amount transferred to unspent csr account as per section 135 6 in inr : 0, amount transferred to any fund specified under schedule vii as per second proviso to the section 135 5 in inr : 0 table end.
b details of csr amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: nil c details of csr amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year: table: csr projects s. no.: 1, name of the project: integrated schooling & holistic approach- school renovation, infrastructure facilities, scholarships, books, etc, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 2, name of the project: scholarship program in schools, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: rajasthan, location of the project: district: balotra s. no.: 3, name of the project: school infrastructure development, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: rajasthan, location of the project: district: balotra s. no.: 4, name of the project: study material distribution in schools, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: karnataka, location of the project: district: belgaum s. no.: 5, name of the project: providing support for encouraging traditional singers, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: pan india, location of the project: district: pan india s. no.: 6, name of the project: providing assistance for skill development training for we hub & tata strive centre, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 7, name of the project: setting up of skill training centre, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: andhra pradesh, location of the project: district: rapur, nellore s. no.: 8, name of the project: setting up of skill training centre, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: sangareddy s. no.: 9, name of the project: distribution of blankets, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: andhra pradesh, location of the project: district: vizag s. no.: 10, name of the project: construction of bore wells, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: andhra pradesh, location of the project: district: vizag s. no.: 11, name of the project: providing medical facilities for differently abled, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 12, name of the project: setting up of health camp for village people, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: bihar, location of the project: district: aarha s. no.: 13, name of the project: distribution of oxygen concentrators and medicines for covid relief, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: karnataka, location of the project: district: bangalore s. no.: 14, name of the project: setting up of primary health check-up camp, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 15, name of the project: providing water tankers for making available safe drinking water, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: uttar pradesh, location of the project: district: akbarpur s. no.: 16, name of the project: setting up of ro plants, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: karnataka, location of the project: district: bangalore s. no.: 17, name of the project: providing support to orphanage, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad table end.
table: csr activities 2021-22 s. no.: 18, name of the project: carrying out covid -19 relief activities- for check-ups, oxygen concentrators, medicines, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, state: pan india, district: pan india, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 7,52,100.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 19, name of the project: flood relief activity- providing clothes, food, blanket, distribution of utensils to refugees, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, state: andhra pradesh, district: nellore, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 68,250.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 20, name of the project: organizing awareness programmes on plastic waste management, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause iv of schedule vii: natural resource management, local area yes/no : yes, state: delhi, district: delhi, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 37,80,721.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 21, name of the project: natural farming- training farmers to do farming without chemicals, giving raw materials for entire season, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause iv of schedule vii: natural resource management, local area yes/no : yes, state: andhra pradesh, district: vizag, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 67,166.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 22, name of the project: plantation- constructing tree guards, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause iv of schedule vii: natural resource management, local area yes/no : yes, state: pan india, district: pan india, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 97,902.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 23, name of the project: project nabard - tribal development project - training tribal people in farming, raw materials, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause iv of schedule vii: natural resource management, local area yes/no : yes, state: west bengal, district: paschim medinipur, purulia, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 16,59,000.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 24, name of the project: construction of anganwadi center, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause x of schedule vii: rural development projects, local area yes/no : yes, state: rajasthan, district: udaipur, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 3,153.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 25, name of the project: construction of bus shelter, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause x of schedule vii: rural development projects, local area yes/no : yes, state: punjab, district: nimbua, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 85,948.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 26, name of the project: construction of community hall, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause x of schedule vii: rural development projects, local area yes/no : yes, state: odisha, district: jharsuguda, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 77,544.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 27, name of the project: construction of drainage, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause x of schedule vii: rural development projects, local area yes/no : yes, state: karnataka, district: bangalore, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 2,64,600.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 28, name of the project: laying of drainage pipe line, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause x of schedule vii: rural development projects, local area yes/no : yes, state: punjab, district: nimbua, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 24,255.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 29, name of the project: solar lights & street lights distribution, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause x of schedule vii: rural development projects, local area yes/no : yes, state: odisha, district: bhuban, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 56,175.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 30, name of the project: providing drinking water in dundigal village near hwmp site, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water, local area yes/no : yes, state: telangana, district: dundigal village, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 2,15,575.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 31, name of the project: support to orphan children through red cross society- serving food, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water, local area yes/no : yes, state: madhya pradesh, district: rewa, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 35,46,786.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 table end.
note: the table summarizes csr activities undertaken during the fiscal year 2021-22, including project names, locations, funding amounts, and implementing agencies.
amounts are in indian rupees inr . na indicates data not available.
9. details of unspent csr amount a details of unspent csr amount for the preceding three financial years: nil b details of csr amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year s : nil table: csr spending details s. no.: 1, name of the project: nil table end.
10. creation or acquisition of capital asset in case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through csr spent in the financial year: not applicable asset-wise details : a date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset s . b amount of csr spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset.
c details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address etc. d provide details of the capital asset s created or acquired including complete address and location of the capital asset . 11. reason for unspent csr funds specify the reason s , if the company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as per section 135 5 : not applicable table: csr spending summary inr item: two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135 5 , amount: 1,32,41,918.60 item: total amount spent for the financial year, amount: 2,68,66,550 item: excess amount spent for the financial year, amount: 1,36,24,631.65 item: surplus arising out of the csr projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any, amount: 0 item: amount available for set off in succeeding financial years, amount: 1,36,24,631.65 table end.
signatories : m. goutham reddy, managing director, din: 00251461, date: 25th august 2022, place: hyderabad : shantharaju bangalore siddaiah, chairman - csr committee, din: 00068501, date: 24th august 2022, place: hyderabad notes: the provided image includes sections detailing csr spending, including amounts spent in administrative overheads, impact assessments, and the total amount spent for the financial year.
it also shows the calculations for determining surplus csr funds and the amount available for set-off in subsequent financial years.
additionally, there is information on the creation or acquisition of capital assets and reasons for any shortfall in meeting the minimum csr spending requirement.
finally, the report is signed off by the managing director and the chairman of the csr committee.
independent auditor's report to the members of re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited report on the audit of the standalone financial statements opinion we have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of re sustainability limited “the company” , which comprise the balance sheet as at 31 march 2022, the statement of profit and loss, including the statement of other comprehensive income, the cash flow statement and the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial statements give the information required by the companies act, 2013, as amended “the act” in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in india, of the state of affairs of the company as at 31 march 2022, its profit including other comprehensive income, its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
basis for opinion we conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the standards on auditing sas , as specified under section 143 10 of the act.
our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the standalone financial statements’ section of our report.
we are independent of the company in accordance with the ‘code of ethics’ issued by the institute of chartered accountants of india together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the act and the rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the code of ethics.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
other information the company’s board of directors is responsible for the other information.
the other information comprises the board’s report included in the annual report but does not include the standalone financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
in connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
if, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
we have nothing to report in this regard.
responsibility of management for the standalone financial statements the company’s board of directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134 5 of the act with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance including other comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity of the company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in india, including the indian accounting standards ind as specified under section 133 of the act read with the companies indian accounting standards rules, 2015, as amended, read with the companies accounts rules, 2014. this responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the act for safeguarding of the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
in preparing the standalone financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
those charged with governance are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process.
auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the standalone financial statements our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with sas will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone financial statements.
as part of an audit in accordance with sas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we also: identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.
under section 143 3 i of the act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
if we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
however, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
we communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
report on other legal and regulatory requirements 1. as required by the companies auditor's report order, 2020 "the order" , issued by the central government of india in terms of sub-section 11 of section 143 of the act, we give in the "annexure 1" a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the order.
2. as required by section 143 3 of the act, we report that: we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit; in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the company so far as it appears from our examination of those books; in our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the accounting standards specified under section 133 of the act, read with companies indian accounting standards rules, 2015, as amended; on the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31 march 2022 taken on record by the board of directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 march 2022 from being appointed as a director in terms of section 164 2 of the act; with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in "annexure 2" to this report; in our opinion, the managerial remuneration for the year ended 31 march 2022 has been paid / provided by the company to its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with schedule v to the act; with respect to the other matters to be included in the auditor's report in accordance with rule 11 of the companies audit and auditors rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us: the company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone financial statements – refer note 32 b to the standalone financial statements; the company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material foreseeable losses; there were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the investor education and protection fund by the company.
the management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in the note 43 to the standalone financial statements, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds by the company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities “intermediaries” , with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company “ultimate beneficiaries" or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries; the management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been received by the company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities "funding parties" , with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the funding party "ultimate beneficiaries" or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries; and based on such audit procedures that were considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause a and b contain any material misstatement.
no dividend has been declared or paid during the year by the company.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration number: 101049w/e300004 per atin bhargava partner place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 membership number: 504777 udin: 22504777aptfup4827 annexure 1: report on other legal and regulatory requirements re: re sustainability limited "the company" in terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the company and the books of account and records examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that: i records and verification: a a : the company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of property, plant, and equipment.
a b : the company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
b : all property, plant, and equipment were physically verified by the management in the previous year in accordance with a planned program of verifying them once in three years, which is reasonable having regard to the size of the company and the nature of its assets.
pursuant to the program, certain property, plant, and equipment were verified by the management during the year, and no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
c : the title deeds of all the immovable properties other than properties where the company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favor of the lessee are held in the name of the company.
d : the company has not revalued its property, plant, and equipment including right of use assets or intangible assets during the year ended 31 march 2022. e : there are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the company for holding any benami property under the prohibition of benami property transactions act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
ii inventory verification: a : the management has conducted physical verification of inventory at reasonable intervals during the year.
in our opinion, the coverage and the procedure of such verification by the management is appropriate.
discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate were not noticed for each class of inventory on such physical verification.
iii loans and guarantees: a : during the year, the company provided loans and stood guarantee and provided security to companies as follows: table: loans and guarantees amount in lakhs : aggregate amount granted/provided during the year - subsidiaries, guarantees: 59,472, loans: 55,209 : balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases - subsidiaries, guarantees: 149,827, loans: 72,722 : joint ventures, guarantees: 4,407, loans: - table end.
b : during the year, the investments made, guarantees provided, security given, and the terms and conditions of the grant of all loans and advances in the nature of loans, investments, and guarantees to companies are not prejudicial to the company's interest.
c : the company granted loans during the year to companies where the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has been stipulated, and the repayment or receipts are regular except in respect of perpetual debt amounting to rs.
43,919 lakhs granted to companies, where the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has not been stipulated in the agreement.
hence, we are unable to make a specific comment on the regularity of repayment of principal and payment of interest in respect of such loan.
d : there are no amounts of loans granted to companies which are overdue for more than ninety days except in respect of perpetual debt amounting to rs.
43,919 lakhs granted to companies, where the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has not been stipulated in the agreement.
hence, we are unable to make a specific comment on whether such amounts are overdue.
e : during the year, the company renewed loans which had fallen due during the year as follows: table: renewed loans amount in lakhs name of parties: delhi msw solutions limited, aggregate amount of overdues of existing loans renewed or extended or settled by fresh loan: 4,000, percentage of the aggregate to the total loans or advances in the nature of loans granted during the year: 68.38% table end.
f : as disclosed in note 4a v to the financial statements, the company has granted loans without specifying any terms or period of repayment to companies.
of these, the following are the details of the aggregate amount of loans granted to promoters or related parties as defined in clause 76 of section 2 of the companies act, 2013: table: loans to promoters and related parties particulars: aggregate amount of loans, all parties: -, promoters: -, related parties: 43,919 particulars: percentage of loans to the total loans, all parties: -, promoters: -, related parties: 60.39% table end.
iv compliance with companies act, 2013: loans, investments, guarantees, and security in respect of which provisions of sections 185 and 186 of the companies act, 2013 are applicable have been complied with by the company.
v deposits: the company has neither accepted any deposits from the public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the companies act and the rules made thereunder, to the extent applicable.
accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3 v of the order is not applicable to the company.
vi cost records: the central government has not specified the maintenance of cost records under section 148 1 of the companies act, 2013, for the products/services of the company.
vii statutory dues: a : the company is regular in depositing with appropriate authorities undisputed statutory dues including goods and services tax, provident fund, employees' state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess, and other statutory dues applicable to it though there has been slight delays in few cases.
according to the information and explanations given to us and based on audit procedures performed by us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of these statutory dues were outstanding, at the year end, for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
b : the dues of goods and services tax, provident fund, employees' state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, cess, and other statutory dues have not been deposited on account of any dispute.
table: tax dues name of the statute: the madhya pradesh value added tax act, 2002, nature of the dues: vat, amount demanded rs : 3,420,100, amount paid under protest rs : 957,626, period to which the amount relates: 2014-15, forum where the dispute is pending: hon'ble m.p. commercial tax appellate board name of the statute: the delhi value added tax act, 2004, nature of the dues: vat, amount demanded rs : 46,918,339, amount paid under protest rs : -, period to which the amount relates: 2012-13, forum where the dispute is pending: department of trade and taxes government of nct of delhi name of the statute: goods and services tax, nature of the dues: gst, amount demanded rs : 955,000, amount paid under protest rs : 955,000, period to which the amount relates: 2019-20, forum where the dispute is pending: commissioner appeals, commercial tax department, madhya pradesh name of the statute: the income tax act, 1961, nature of the dues: income tax, amount demanded rs : 19,966,236, amount paid under protest rs : 19,966,236, period to which the amount relates: 2010-11, forum where the dispute is pending: the income tax appellate tribunal, hyderabad name of the statute: the income tax act, 1961, nature of the dues: income tax, amount demanded rs : 33,248,213, amount paid under protest rs : -, period to which the amount relates: 2016-17, forum where the dispute is pending: the income tax appellate tribunal, hyderabad table end.
viii the company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction, previously unrecorded in the books of account, in the tax assessments under the income tax act, 1961 as income during the year.
accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3 viii of the order is not applicable to the company.
ix a the company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.
ix b the company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority.
ix c term loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained.
ix d on an overall examination of the financial statements of the company, no funds raised on short-term basis have been used for long-term purposes by the company.
ix e on an overall examination of the financial statements of the company, the company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.
ix f the company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate companies.
hence, the requirement to report on clause ix f of the order is not applicable to the company.
x a the company has not raised any money during the year by way of initial public offer / further public offer including debt instruments hence, the requirement to report on clause 3 x a of the order is not applicable to the company.
x b the company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares /fully or partially or optionally convertible debentures during the year under audit and hence, the requirement to report on clause 3 x b of the order is not applicable to the company.
xi a no material fraud by the company or no material fraud on the company has been noticed or reported during the year.
xi b during the year, no report under sub-section 12 of section 143 of the companies act, 2013 has been filed by secretarial auditor or by us in form adt – 4 as prescribed under rule 13 of companies audit and auditors rules, 2014 with the central government.
xi c as represented to us by the management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the company during the year.
xii the company is not a nidhi company as per the provisions of the companies act, 2013. therefore, the requirement to report on clause 3 xii a , b and c of the order is not applicable to the company.
xiii transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of companies act, 2013 where applicable and the details have been disclosed in the notes to the financial statements, as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv a the company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
xiv b the internal audit reports of the company issued till the date of the audit report, for the period under audit have been considered by us.
xv the company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with its directors and hence requirement to report on clause 3 xv of the order is not applicable to the company.
xvi a the provisions of section 45-ia of the reserve bank of india act, 1934 2 of 1934 are not applicable to the company.
accordingly, the requirement to report on clause xvi a of the order is not applicable to the company.
xvi b the company has not conducted any non-banking financial or housing finance activities without obtained a valid certificate of registration cor from the reserve bank of india as per the reserve bank of india act, 1934. xvi c the company is not a core investment company as defined in the regulations made by reserve bank of india.
accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3 xvi c of the order is not applicable to the company.
xvi d there is no core investment company as a part of the group, hence, the requirement to report on clause 3 xvi of the order is not applicable to the company.
xvii the company has not incurred cash losses in the current year and in the immediately preceding financial year.
xviii there has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly requirement to report on clause 3 xviii of the order is not applicable to the company.
xix on the basis of the financial ratios disclosed in note 41 to the financial statements, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements, our knowledge of the board of directors and management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date.
we, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the company.
we further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and when they fall due.
xx a in respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to a fund specified in schedule vii of the companies act the act , in compliance with second proviso to sub section 5 of section 135 of the act.
this matter has been disclosed in note 25 ii to the financial statements.
xx b there are no unspent amounts in respect of ongoing projects, that are required to be transferred to a special account in compliance of provision of sub section 6 of section 135 of companies act.
this matter has been disclosed in note 25 ii to the financial statements.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration number: 101049w/e300004 per atin bhargava partner place: hyderabad membership number: 504777 udin: 22504777aptfup4827 re sustainability limited no content was generated for page 104. balance sheet as at 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated assets non-current assets property, plant and equipment capital work in progress intangible assets intangible assets under development right-of-use assets financial assets investments loans bank balance other than cash and cash equivalent other financial asset deferred tax assets net non-current tax assets other assets current assets inventories financial assets loans trade receivables cash and cash equivalent bank balance other than iii above other financial asset asset classified as held for sale total assets equity and liabilities equity equity share capital other equity non-controlling interests total equity non-current liabilities contract liabilities financial liabilities borrowings lease liabilities other financial liabilities government grant deferred tax liabilities net other liabilities current liabilities financial liabilities borrowings lease liabilities trade payables total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises liabilities for current tax net provisions other liabilities total equity and liabilities summary of significant accounting policies the accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the financial statements.
as per our report attached of even date.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration no.
101049w/e300004 per atin bhargava partner membership no: 504777 place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 for and on behalf of the board of directors of re sustainability limited m goutham reddy managing director din: 00251461 pankaj maharaj chief financial officer place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 masood alam mallick whole-time director & ceo din: 01059902 govind singh company secretary membership no.
a41173 table: balance sheet data item: non-current assets item: property, plant and equipment, 31 march 2022: 11,243.38, 31 march 2021: 11,393.64 item: capital work in progress, 31 march 2022: 7,547.09, 31 march 2021: 3,407.45 item: intangible assets, 31 march 2022: 889.83, 31 march 2021: 1,023.38 item: intangible assets under development, 31 march 2022: 1.48 item: right-of-use assets, 31 march 2022: 1,678.45, 31 march 2021: 1,513.64 item: financial assets item: investments, 31 march 2022: 76,203.87, 31 march 2021: 89,756.62 item: loans, 31 march 2022: 18,555.99, 31 march 2021: 25,658.84 item: bank balance other than cash and cash equivalent, 31 march 2022: 62.37, 31 march 2021: 879.55 item: other financial asset, 31 march 2022: 6,302.66, 31 march 2021: 6,597.28 item: deferred tax assets net , 31 march 2022: 1,420.18, 31 march 2021: 2,527.07 item: non-current tax assets, 31 march 2022: 1,613.03, 31 march 2021: 1,092.68 item: other assets, 31 march 2022: 1,031.26, 31 march 2021: 1,237.61 item: total non-current assets , 31 march 2022: 125,516.85 , 31 march 2021: 144,816.24 item: current assets item: ...
continue with other current assets item: total assets , 31 march 2022: 181,780.51 , 31 march 2021: 173,944.94 table end.
statement of profit and loss for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated income revenue from contracts with customers other income total income i expenses increase / decrease in inventories of finished goods cost of raw material and components consumed construction expenses employee benefits expense finance costs depreciation and amortization expense other expenses total expense ii profit before tax iii = i - ii tax expense current tax adjustment of tax relating to earlier years deferred tax total tax expense iv profit for the year v=iii-vi other comprehensive income net other comprehensive income to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent years items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss re-measurement gains/ losses on defined benefit plans income tax effect net other comprehensive income not to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent years other comprehensive income for the year net of tax viii total comprehensive income for the year net of tax ix=vii+viii profit for the year is attributable to: earnings per equity share computed on the basis of profit attributable to equity holders of the parent basic earnings per share diluted earnings per share summary of significant accounting policies the accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
as per our report attached of even date.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration no.
101049w/e300004 per atin bhargava partner membership no: 504777 place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 for and on behalf of the board of directors of re sustainability limited m goutham reddy managing director din: 00251461 pankaj maharaj chief financial officer place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 masood alam mallick whole-time director & ceo din: 01059902 govind singh company secretary membership no.
a41173 table: statement of profit and loss data item: revenue from contracts with customers, 31 march 2022: 38,028.65, 31 march 2021: 36,846.09 item: other income, 31 march 2022: 4,764.33, 31 march 2021: 3,273.01 item: total income i , 31 march 2022: 42,792.98, 31 march 2021: 40,119.10 item: increase / decrease in inventories of finished goods, 31 march 2022: 1.02, 31 march 2021: 8.80 item: cost of raw material and components consumed, 31 march 2022: 2,255.48, 31 march 2021: 3,620.39 item: construction expenses, 31 march 2022: 4.35, 31 march 2021: 39.52 item: employee benefits expense, 31 march 2022: 7,203.56, 31 march 2021: 6,526.00 item: finance costs, 31 march 2022: 822.79, 31 march 2021: 795.15 item: depreciation and amortization expense, 31 march 2022: 2,645.21, 31 march 2021: 2,022.00 item: other expenses, 31 march 2022: 22,954.78, 31 march 2021: 21,776.13 item: total expense ii , 31 march 2022: 35,887.19, 31 march 2021: 34,770.39 item: profit before tax iii = i - ii , 31 march 2022: 6,905.79, 31 march 2021: 5,348.71 item: current tax, 31 march 2022: 1,259.44, 31 march 2021: 1,464.24 item: adjustment of tax relating to earlier years, 31 march 2022: 2,182.86 , 31 march 2021: 113.09 item: deferred tax, 31 march 2022: 3,024.01, 31 march 2021: 422.56 item: total tax expense iv , 31 march 2022: 2,100.59, 31 march 2021: 1,154.77 item: profit for the year v=iii-vi , 31 march 2022: 4,805.20, 31 march 2021: 4,193.94 item: ...
continue with other comprehensive income data table end.
statement of cash flows a. cash flows from operating activities item: profit before tax, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 6,905.79, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 5,348.71 item: depreciation and amortisation expense, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 2,645.21, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 2,022.00 item: provision for doubtful receivables & bad debts written off, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 951.69, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 4,391.95 item: profit on sale of fixed assets, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 32.08 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 3.17 item: revenue from construction activity, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 5.99 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 39.52 item: construction expenses, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 4.35, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 39.52 item: deferred income arising from government grant, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 6.93 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 6.93 item: liabilities no longer required written back, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 345.59 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: bad debts/ advances written-off, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 430.25, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 71.60 item: net gain on sale of investment, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 206.05 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 133.67 item: miscellaneous income, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 236.79 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: employee stock option expense, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 304.22, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 480.80 item: interest expense, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 707.26, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 643.26 item: interest income, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 3,090.41 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 2,946.80 item: operating profit before changes in assets and liabilities , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 8,024.93 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 9,867.75 item: inventories, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 206.35, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 164.72 item: trade receivable, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 599.60, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,299.78 item: other financial asset, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 654.67 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 49.71 item: other asset, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 7.41, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,349.22 item: trade payables, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 2,468.50, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 2,063.41 item: other financial liabilities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 322.19 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 93.70 item: provisions for employee benefits, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 82.57, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 180.36 item: other provisions, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 767.99 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 25.84 item: other liabilities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,115.78, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 319.61 item: net cash flows from operating activities a , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 8,913.16 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 7,089.57 table end.
b. cash flows from investing activities item: inter corporate deposit given, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 12,315.65 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 33,100.13 item: inter corporate deposits repaid, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 16,082.73, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 36,567.25 item: perpetual debt to subsidiaries, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 9,918.82 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 7,720.07 item: repayment of perpetual debt by subsidiaries, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 32,602.41, for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1.84, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 9.69 item: purchase of property, plant and equipment, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 5,736.54 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 4,461.67 item: sale of investments, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 547.70, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 4,162.48 item: renewal /investment of fixed deposits, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,652.53, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 864.10 item: investment made in compulsory convertible debentures, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 5,523.00 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: investments made in equity shares, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1.09 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: interest received, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 373.28, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 554.05 item: net cash used /from in investing activities b , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 17,765.39 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 4,852.50 table end.
c. cash flows from financing activities item: proceeds from long term borrowings, for the year ended 31 march 2022: -, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 500.00 item: repayment of long term borrowings, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 301.08 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 246.89 item: proceeds/ repayment of short term borrowings net , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,264.14, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,122.85 item: payment of lease liabilities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 241.10 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 235.24 item: interest paid, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 124.41 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 187.11 item: net cash flow generated in financing activities c , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 597.55 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,292.09 item: net increase in cash and cash equivalents a+b+c , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 27,276.10 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 944.98 item: cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 6,377.26, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 5,432.28 item: cash and cash equivalents at year end , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 33,653.36 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 6,377.26 table end.
b cash and cash equivalents comprises of: item: cash on hand, 31 march 2022: 2.18, 31 march 2021: 4.32 item: balances with banks: refer note 4e item: current accounts, 31 march 2022: 4,016.59, 31 march 2021: 4,567.91 item: deposit with maturity of less than 3 months, 31 march 2022: 29,634.59, 31 march 2021: 1,805.03 item: cash and cash equivalent as per balance sheet , 31 march 2022: 33,653.36 , 31 march 2021: 6,377.26 table end.
notes: the above cash flow statement has been prepared under the “indirect method" as set out in the indian accounting standard ind as-7 - statement of cash flow.
the accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the standalone financial statements.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp, chartered accountants, icai firm registration no.
101049w/e300004 and for and on behalf of the board of directors of re sustainability limited.
the report was signed by atin bhargava, partner, membership no: 504777, place: hyderabad, date: 24 august 2022, m goutham reddy, managing director, din: 00251461, pankaj maharaj, chief financial officer, place: hyderabad, date: 24 august 2022, and govind singh, company secretary, membership no.
a41173, masood alam mallick, whole-time director & ceo, din: 01059902. statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated a share capital b other equity : balance as at 01 april 2020, capital reserve: 17,923.58, capital redemption reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : 1,575.36, deemed capital contribution: 71,162.18, retained earnings: 37,234.83, total: 127,895.95 : profit for the year, capital reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : -, deemed capital contribution: -, retained earnings: 4,193.94, total: 4,193.94 : other comprehensive income net of taxes , capital reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : -, deemed capital contribution: -, retained earnings: 43.63, total: 43.63 : share-based payments refer note 31 , capital reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : 566.56, deemed capital contribution: -, retained earnings: -, total: 566.56 : add: increase/ decrease during the year, capital reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: 0.59, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : -, deemed capital contribution: -, retained earnings: 0.59 , total: - : balance at 31 march 2021, capital reserve: 17,923.58, capital redemption reserve: 0.59, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : 2,141.92, deemed capital contribution: 71,162.18, retained earnings: 41,471.81, total: 132,700.08 : profit for the year, capital reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : -, deemed capital contribution: -, retained earnings: 4,805.20, total: 4,805.20 : other comprehensive income net of taxes , capital reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : -, deemed capital contribution: -, retained earnings: 44.21 , total: 44.21 : share-based payments refer note 31 , capital reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : 356.53, deemed capital contribution: -, retained earnings: -, total: 356.53 : balance at 31 march 2022, capital reserve: 17,923.58, capital redemption reserve: 0.59, share-based payment reserve refer note 30a : 2,498.45, deemed capital contribution: 71,162.18, retained earnings: 46,232.80, total: 137,817.60 table end.
notes to financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 1. corporate information the company is a public limited company domiciled in india and is incorporated under the provisions of the companies act applicable in india.
the registered office of the company is located at level 11b, aurobindo galaxy, hitech city road, hyderabad - 500081. the company is engaged in the business of integrated waste management solutions for industrial hazardous waste, municipal waste, electronic waste and providing other incidental services.
the standalone financial statements were authorized for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 24 august 2022. 2. significant accounting policies 2.1 basis of preparation the standalone financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with indian accounting standards ind as notified under the companies indian accounting standards rules, 2015 as amended from time to time . the standalone financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and liabilities which have been measured at fair value refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments . the standalone financial statements are presented in inr and all values are rounded to the nearest lakhs inr 00,000 , except when otherwise indicated.
2.2 summary of significant accounting policies a business combination a common control business combination, involving entities or businesses in which all the combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the business combination and where the control is not transitory, is accounted for using the pooling of interests method.
the net assets of the transferor entity or business are accounted at their carrying amounts on the date of the acquisition subject to necessary adjustments required to harmonise the accounting policies.
any excess or shortfall of the consideration paid over the share capital of the transferor entity or business is recognised as capital reserve under equity.
other business combinations are accounted using acquisition method.
b current versus non-current classification the company presents assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current / non-current classification.
an asset is treated as current when it is: expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle; held primarily for the purpose of trading; expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting period; or cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
all other assets are classified as non-current.
a liability is current when: it is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
. — auditors' signature and contact information . — board of directors' signatures and contact information notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated the company classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities.
the operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents.
the company has identified twelve months as its operating cycle.
c foreign currencies the standalone financial statements are presented in indian rupees, which is also the company's functional currency.
transactions and balances foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
at each balance sheet, foreign currency monetary items are reported using the closing exchange rate.
exchange differences that arise on settlement of monetary items or on reporting at each balance sheet of the company's monetary items at the closing rate are recognized as income or expenses in the period in which they arise.
non-monetary items which are carried at historical cost denominated in a foreign currency are reported using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined.
d investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.
the company has elected to recognize its investments in subsidiary and associate companies at cost in accordance with the option available in ind as 27 "separate financial statements".
the details of such investments are given in note 4a.
e fair value measurement the company measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date.
fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
the fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability the principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the company.
the fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
a fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
the company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
all assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the standalone financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole: level 1 — quoted unadjusted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities level 2 — valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable level 3 — valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.
for assets and liabilities that are recognized in the standalone financial statements on a recurring basis, the company determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole at the end of each reporting period.
at each reporting date, the management analyses the movements in the values of assets and liabilities which are required to be re-measured or re-assessed as per the company's accounting policies.
for this analysis, the management verifies the major inputs applied in the latest valuation by agreeing the information in the valuation computation to contracts and other relevant documents.
the management also compares the change in the fair value of each asset and liability with relevant external sources to determine whether the change is reasonable.
for the purpose of fair value disclosures, the company has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
this note summarizes accounting policy for fair value.
other fair value related disclosures are given in the relevant notes.
disclosures for valuation methods, significant estimates and assumptions note 29 f revenue from contract with customer revenue is recognized when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
the company has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements, because it typically controls the goods or services before transferring them to the customer.
the disclosures of significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions relating to revenue from contracts with customers are provided in note 29. the specific recognition criteria described below must also be met before revenue is recognized.
revenue from waste disposal activities: revenue from user charges towards waste disposal is recognized as and when the related services are performed i.e. when the waste is collected, transported and is received at the dumping yards.
revenue from consultancy and maintenance contracts revenue from consultancy and maintenance contracts is recognized as and when the related services are performed.
revenue from turnkey contracts revenue from turnkey contracts is recognized by reference to the stage of completion of the contract activity.
the group uses input method in measuring no content was generated for page 109. notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated the carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.
unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss either in other comprehensive income or in equity . deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in oci or directly in equity.
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
as the company is entitled to a tax holiday under the income-tax act, 1961 enacted in india, no deferred tax asset or liability is recognised in respect of temporary differences which reverse during the tax holiday period, to the extent the company's gross total income is subject to the deduction during the tax holiday period.
deferred tax in respect of temporary differences which reverse after the tax holiday period is recognized in the year in which the temporary differences originate.
however, the company restricts recognition of deferred tax assets to the extent it is probable that sufficient future taxable income will be available against which such deferred tax assets can be realised.
for recognition of deferred taxes, the temporary differences which originate first are considered to reverse first.
minimum alternate tax mat minimum alternate tax mat paid as per indian income tax act, 1961 is in the nature of unused tax credit which can be carried forward and utilised when the company will pay normal income tax during the specified period.
the deferred tax asset is recognised for mat credit available only to the extent that it is probable that the concerned company will pay normal income tax during the specified period, i.e., the period for which mat credit is allowed to be carried forward.
in the year in which the company recognizes mat credit as an asset, it is created by way of credit to the statement of profit and loss and shown as part of deferred tax asset.
the company reviews the "mat credit entitlement" asset at each reporting date and writes down the asset to the extent that it is no longer probable that it will pay normal tax during the specified period.
h property, plant and equipment capital work in progress is stated at cost, net of accumulated impairment loss, if any.
plant and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the plant and equipment and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met.
when significant parts of plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the company depreciates them separately based on their specific useful lives.
likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied.
all other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
the notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated present value of the expected cost for the decommissioning of an asset after its use is included in the cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a provision are met.
refer to note 29 regarding significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions and provisions for further information about the recorded decommissioning provision.
depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: building refer below roads and other civil infrastructures - 10 years land fill based on the actual usage plant and machinery - 9 years vehicles - 8 years lab equipment - 10 years computers - 3 years furniture and fixtures - 10 years office equipment - 5 years landfill costs include costs such as landfill liner material and installation, excavation costs, leachate collection systems, gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering costs and other direct costs.
the landfill capacity associated with each landfill is quantified and the landfill costs for each landfill are amortized over the capacity associated with the landfill as the capacity is utilized using units of consumption method.
the company, based on technical assessment made by technical expert and management estimate, depreciates certain items of land development, building, plant and equipment over estimated useful lives which are different from the useful life prescribed in schedule ii to the companies act, 2013. the management believes that these estimated useful lives are realistic and reflect fair approximation of the period over which the assets are likely to be used.
an item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.
any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is included in the statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised.
the residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
i basis of accounting of service concession agreement the company has determined that appendix d to ind as 115 on "service concession arrangements sca " is applicable to the concession agreement and hence has applied it in accounting for the same.
under appendix d to ind as 115, concession arrangements are accounted for based on the nature of the consideration.
the intangible asset model is used to the extent that the company receives a right to charge users of the public service.
the financial asset model is used when the company has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset from or at the direction of the grantor for the construction services.
the company has determined that intangible asset model is applicable to the agreement as the company is entitled to tipping fee towards waste disposed intangible asset . recognition and measurement the company has also received right to charge the users of a public service, such notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated intangible assets rights are recognized and classified as “intangible assets”.
such right is not an unconditional right to receive consideration because the amounts are contingent to the extent that the project receives waste and thus are recognized and classified as intangible assets.
such an intangible asset is recognized by the company at cost which is the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the construction services delivered and is capitalized when each component of the project is complete in all respects.
subsequent to initial recognition, the intangible asset is measured at cost, less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
revenue recognition revenue for concession arrangements under intangible asset model is recognized as and when the related services are performed i.e. when the waste is collected, transported and processed at the processing facility.
revenue from construction contracts the company recognizes and measures revenue, costs and margin for providing construction services during the period of construction of the infrastructure in accordance with ind as 115 ‘revenue from contracts with customers’.
when the outcome of a construction contract can be estimated reliably and it is probable that it will be profitable, contract revenue and contract costs associated with the construction contract are recognized as revenue and expenses respectively by reference to the percentage of completion of the contract activity at the reporting date.
the percentage of completion of a contract is determined considering the proportion that contract costs incurred for work performed up to the reporting date bear to the estimated total contract costs.
for the purposes of recognizing revenue, contract revenue comprises the initial amount of revenue agreed in the contract, the variations in contract work, claims and incentive payments to the extent that it is probable that they will result in revenue and they are capable of being reliably measured.
costs incurred for rendering the construction services, exchanged for the intangible asset and financial asset, include all costs that are directly related to the construction of the project and include all overheads other than those relating to general administration of the company.
the percentage of completion method is applied on a cumulative basis in each accounting period to the current estimates of contract revenue and contract costs.
the effect of a change in the estimate of contract revenue or contract costs, or the effect of a change in the estimate of the outcome of a contract, is accounted for as a change in accounting estimate and the effect of which are recognized in the statement of profit and loss in the period in which the change is made and in subsequent periods.
when the outcome of a construction contract cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognized only to the extent of contract costs incurred of which recovery is probable and the related contract costs are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
when it is probable that total contract costs will exceed total contract revenue, the expected loss is recognized as an expense in the statement of profit and loss in the period in which such probability occurs.
amortization of intangible asset under sca the intangible rights which are recognized in the form of right to collect tipping fee, except for landfill costs are amortized on a straight-line basis from the date of capitalization over the concession period.
the landfill cost is amortized on the basis of capacity utilized by waste dumped in the landfills.
contractual obligation to restore the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability the company has contractual obligation to maintain the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability during the concession period and at the time of handover to the grantor of the sca.
such obligations are measured at the best estimate of the expenditure that would be required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date.
the timing and amount of such cost are estimated and recognized on a discounted basis by creating a provision for replacement and capitalizing the costs to intangible assets and amortized on a straight-line basis over the concession period.
the provision for replacement is unwound over its life using effective interest rate method.
other than service concession arrangements intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost.
following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
the amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.
changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset are considered to modify the amortization period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.
the amortization expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognized in the statement of profit and loss unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of another asset.
gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognized.
borrowing costs borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the asset.
all other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
borrowing cost also includes exchange differences to the extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs.
leases the company assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease.
that is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
company as a lessee the company applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets.
the company recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
right-of-use assets the company recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use . for leases previously classified as operating leases under ind as 17, the company has elected the option to recognize right-of-use asset at the date of initial application equal to the lease liability.
image placeholders notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated i lease assets right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities.
the cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
unless the company is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.
right-of-use assets are subject to impairment.
ii lease liabilities at the commencement date of the lease, the group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term.
for leases previously classified as an operating lease under ind as 17, the group recognise a lease liability at the date of initial application.
the company measures that lease liability at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the lessee's incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application.
in calculating the present value of lease payments, the company uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
after the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made.
in addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is re-measured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.
iii short-term leases and leases of low-value assets the company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option . it also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to those items that are considered to be low value.
lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
company as a lessor leases in which the company does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases.
rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.
initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.
contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.
meter inventories inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
n impairment of non-financial assets the company assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.
if any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the company estimates the asset's recoverable amount.
an asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating unit's cgu fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.
recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or company's assets.
when the carrying amount of an asset or cgu exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
in assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
in determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account.
if no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.
these calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share prices for publicly traded companies or other available fair value indicators.
the company bases its impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations, which are prepared separately for each of the company's cgus to which the individual assets are allocated.
these budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a period of five years.
for longer periods, a long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to project future cash flows after the fifth year.
to estimate cash flow projections beyond periods covered by the most recent budgets/forecasts, the company extrapolates cash flow projections in the budget using a steady or declining growth rate for subsequent years, unless an increasing rate can be justified.
in any case, this growth rate does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the products, industries, or country or countries in which the entity operates, or for the market in which the asset is used.
impairment losses, including impairment on inventories, are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
an assessment is made at each reporting date to determine whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses no longer exist or have decreased.
if such indication exists, the company estimates the asset's or cgu's recoverable amount.
a previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised.
the reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years.
o provisions provision for capping the cost for final capping for each landfill is estimated based on the area to be capped and the capping materials and activities required.
the estimate also considers when these costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates.
these costs are reviewed annually, or more often if significant facts change.
the total cost of capping is charged to the statement of profit or loss over the capacity associated with the landfill as the capacity is utilized.
the provision for capping is unwound over its life using effective interest rate method.
changes in estimates, such as timing or cost of construction, for final capping are charged off to the statement of profit and loss prospectively.
224 225 notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated provision for post closure the estimates for post-closure costs are based on the regulatory and contractual requirements for post-closure monitoring and maintenance.
the estimates for post-closure costs also consider when the costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates.
the possibility of changing legal and regulatory requirements and the forward-looking nature of these types of costs make any estimation or assumption less certain.
the total cost of post closure is charged to the statement of profit or loss over the quantity of waste estimated to be disposed in the specified site.
the quantity of waste estimated to be disposed takes into consideration the remaining operating period of the site and the land available for waste disposal.
these costs are reviewed annually, or more often if significant facts change.
the provision for post closure is unwound over its life using effective interest rate method.
changes in estimates for closure and post-closure events are charged off to the statement of profit and loss prospectively.
general provisions are recognised when the company has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
when the company expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.
the expense relating to a provision is presented in the statement of profit and loss net of any reimbursement.
if the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.
when discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.
p employee benefits post-employment benefits defined contribution plan retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is a defined contribution scheme.
the company has no obligation, other than the contribution payable to the provident fund.
the company recognizes contribution payable to the provident fund scheme as an expense, when an employee renders the related service.
if the contribution payable to the scheme for service received before the balance sheet date exceeds the contribution already paid, the deficit payable to the scheme is recognized as a liability after deducting the contribution already paid.
if the contribution already paid exceeds the contribution due for services received before the balance sheet date, then excess is recognized as an asset to the extent that the pre-payment will lead to, for example, a reduction in future payment or a cash refund.
defined benefit plan gratuity liability for eligible employees are defined benefit obligation and are provided for on the basis of an actuarial valuation on projected unit credit method made at the end of each financial year.
obligation is measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using discounted rate that is determined by reference to market yields at the balance sheet date on government securities where the currency and terms of the government securities are consistent with the currency and estimated terms of the defined benefit obligation.
re measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated benefit liability are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through oci in the period in which they occur.
re measurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
past service costs are recognised in profit or loss on the earlier of: - the date of the plan amendment or curtailment, and - the date that the company recognises related restructuring costs net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.
the company recognises the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation as an expense in the statement of profit and loss: - service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-routine settlements; and - net interest expense or income compensated absences the employees are entitled to accumulate leave subject to certain limits, for future encashment, as per policy of the company.
accrual towards compensated absences at the end of the financial year are based on last salary drawn and outstanding leave absence at the end of the financial year.
the liability towards such unutilised leave at the end of each balance sheet date is determined based on independent actuarial valuation and recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
q share-based payments employees of the company receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as consideration for equity instruments equity-settled transactions . equity-settled transactions the cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate valuation model.
further details are given in note 31. that cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in share-based payment sbp reserves in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefits expense.
the cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the company's best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest.
the statement of profit and loss expense or credit for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period and is recognised in employee benefits expense.
service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the company's best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest.
market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value.
any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions.
non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.
no expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market 226 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 227 notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated financial assets initial recognition and measurement financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized cost and fair value through profit or loss.
the classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the company's business model for managing them.
with the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the company has applied the practical expedient, the company initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the company has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under ind as 115. refer to the accounting policies in section - revenue from contracts with customers.
in order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are 'solely payments of principal and interest sppi ' on the principal amount outstanding.
this assessment is referred to as the sppi test and is performed at an instrument level.
the company's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows.
the business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.
subsequent measurement for purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in three categories: debt instruments at amortized cost debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income fvtoci debt instruments, derivatives and equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl debt instruments at amortized cost a 'debt instrument' is measured at the amortized cost if both the following conditions are met: the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash flows, and contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest sppi on the principal amount outstanding.
after initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate eir method.
amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the eir.
the eir amortisation is included in finance income in the profit or loss.
the losses arising from impairment are recognised in the profit or loss.
this category generally applies to trade and other receivables.
for more information on receivables, refer to note 4d.
debt instrument at fvtoci a 'debt instrument' is classified as at the fvtoci if both of the following criteria are met: the objective of the business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets, and the asset's contractual cash flows represent sppi.
debt instruments included within the fvtoci category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair value.
fair value movements are recognized in the other comprehensive income oci . however, the company recognizes interest income, impairment losses & reversals and foreign exchange gain or loss in the p&l.
on derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in oci is reclassified from the equity to p&l.
interest earned whilst holding fvtoci debt instrument is reported as interest income using the eir method.
debt instruments at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl fvtpl is a residual category for debt instruments.
any debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for categorization as at amortized cost or as fvtoci, is classified as at fvtpl.
debt instruments included within the fvtpl category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the p&l.
derecognition a financial asset or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a company of similar financial assets is primarily derecognised i.e. removed from the company's balance sheet when: the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or the company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either a the company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or b the company notes: this markdown represents a textual extraction from the provided image.
no charts or tables were present in the source image.
the formatting mirrors the structure and style of the original document as closely as possible.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated the company follows a 'simplified approach' for recognition of impairment loss allowance on: trade receivables and other receivables.
the application of this simplified approach does not require the company to track changes in credit risk.
the company recognizes impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ecls at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
for recognition of impairment loss on other financial assets and risk exposure, the company determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
if credit risk has not increased significantly, 12-month ecl is used to provide for impairment loss.
however, if credit risk has increased significantly, lifetime ecl is used.
if, in a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument improves such that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then the entity reverts to recognizing impairment loss allowance based on 12-month ecl.
lifetime ecls are the expected credit losses resulting from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
the 12-month ecl is a portion of the lifetime ecl which results from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
ecl is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the company in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the entity expects to receive i.e., all cash shortfalls , discounted at the original eir.
investment in mutual funds in respect of investments in mutual funds, the fair values represent net asset value as stated by the issuers of these mutual fund units in the published statements.
net asset values represent the price at which the issuer will issue further units in the mutual fund and the price at which issuers will redeem such units from the investors.
accordingly, such net asset values are analogous to fair market value with respect to these investments, as transactions of these mutual funds are carried out at such prices between investors and the issuers of these units of mutual funds.
financial liabilities i. initial recognition and measurement financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives, as appropriate.
all financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
the company's financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank overdrafts, financial guarantee contracts and derivative financial instruments.
ii.
subsequent measurement the measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below: financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.
financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated as such at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in ind as 109 are satisfied.
for liabilities designated as fvtpl, fair value gains/losses attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognized in oci.
these gains/loss are not subsequently transferred to the statement of profit & loss.
however, the company may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.
all other changes in fair value of such liability are recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
loans and borrowings after initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the eir method.
gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the eir amortization process.
amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the eir.
the eir amortization is included as finance costs in the statement of profit and loss.
this category generally applies to borrowings.
derecognition a financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.
when an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability.
the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
offsetting of financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated s dividend final dividends on shares are recorded as a liability on the date of approval by the shareholders and dividends are recorded as a liability on the date of declaration by the company’s board of directors.
tonnes cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
u earnings per share basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss attributable to equity holder after deducting preference dividends and attributable taxes by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
for the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
v segment policy operating segments are those components of the business whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision making body in the company to make decisions for performance assessment and resource allocation.
3.a property, plant and equipment notes : the table presents a detailed breakdown of property, plant, and equipment by category and year, including gross block, additions, deletions, and depreciation.
the data is presented in indian rupees in lakhs.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: capital work in progress - ageing schedule as at 31 march 2022 <1 year: 6,514.71, 1-2 years: 778.88, 2-3 years: 62.58, more than 3 years: 190.93, total: 7,547.09 table end.
table: capital work in progress - projects in progress as at 31 march 2022 particulars: karnataka waste management project, <1 year: 215.05, total: 215.05 particulars: arah waste management project, <1 year: 167.83, total: 167.83 particulars: orissa waste management project, <1 year: 149.37, total: 149.37 particulars: rajasthan waste management project, <1 year: 126.70, total: 126.70 particulars: hyderabad waste management project, <1 year: 76.34, total: 76.34 particulars: uttar pradesh waste management project, <1 year: 73.75, total: 73.75 table end.
table: capital work in progress - projects in progress as at 31 march 2021 particulars: punjab waste management project, <1 year: 71.11, total: 71.11 particulars: orissa waste management project, <1 year: 37.25, total: 37.25 particulars: coastal waste management project, <1 year: 36.09, total: 36.09 particulars: aarh wmp bihar-bmw, <1 year: 34.17, total: 34.17 particulars: reel - corporate office, <1 year: 13.00, total: 13.00 particulars: ewaste- recycling, <1 year: 12.51, total: 12.51 particulars: balotra waste management project, <1 year: 8.31, total: 8.31 particulars: reel-ewaste- recycling dundigal rarpl , <1 year: 5.53, total: 5.53 particulars: others, <1 year: 5.37, total: 5.37 table end.
table: capital work in progress - projects temporarily suspended as at 31 march 2021 particulars: orissa waste management project, 1-2 years: 83.67, to be completed in 2-3 years: 226.54, total: 310.21 particulars: ewaste- recycling, more than 3 years: 10.34, total: 10.34 particulars: hyderabad waste management project, 1-2 years: 24.05, to be completed in 2-3 years: 38.88, total: 62.93 particulars: karnataka waste management project, to be completed in 2-3 years: 176.29, total: 176.29 particulars: balotra waste management project, to be completed in 2-3 years: 166.59, total: 166.59 particulars: punjab waste management project, to be completed in 2-3 years: 58.34, total: 58.34 particulars: rajasthan waste management project, to be completed in 2-3 years: 27.30, total: 27.30 particulars: madhya pradesh waste management project, to be completed in 2-3 years: 43.65, total: 43.65 particulars: uttar pradesh waste management project, to be completed in 2-3 years: 137.71, more than 3 years: 39.36, total: 177.07 particulars: arah waste management project-bihar, more than 3 years: 9.75, total: 9.75 particulars: reel-andhra pradesh icw project, more than 3 years: 0.25, total: 0.25 particulars: reel-arm recycling, more than 3 years: 0.30, total: 0.30 table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 3c.
intangible asset : gross block : as at 01 april 2020, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 1,033.62, computer software: 46.18, total: 1,079.80 : additions during the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 245.31, computer software: 288.82, total: 534.13 : deletions/adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 0.83 , computer software: -, total: 0.83 : as at 31 march 2021, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 1,278.10, computer software: 335.00, total: 1,613.10 : additions during the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 7.46, computer software: 97.03, total: 104.50 : deletions/adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: -, computer software: -, total: - : as at 31 march 2022, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 1,285.56, computer software: 432.03, total: 1,717.60 : amortisation : as at 01 april 2020, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 443.70, computer software: 4.32, total: 448.02 : for the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 109.44, computer software: 32.26, total: 141.70 : deletions/adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: -, computer software: -, total: - : as at 31 march 2021, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 553.14, computer software: 36.58, total: 589.72 : for the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 121.09, computer software: 116.96, total: 238.05 : deletions/adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: -, computer software: -, total: - : as at 31 march 2022, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 674.23, computer software: 153.54, total: 827.77 : net block : as at 31 march 2021, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 724.96, computer software: 298.42, total: 1,023.38 : as at 31 march 2022, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 611.33, computer software: 278.49, total: 889.83 table end.
3d.
intangible assets under development particulars: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 1.48, 31 march 2021: 207.26 particulars: add: additions during the year, 31 march 2022: 6.83, 31 march 2021: 177.65 particulars: less: provision for replacement under sca, 31 march 2022: 0.85 , 31 march 2021: 138.12 particulars: less: capitalised during the year, 31 march 2022: 7.46 , 31 march 2021: 245.31 particulars: closing balance , 31 march 2022: 1.48, 31 march 2021: 1.48 table end.
ageing schedule of intangible assets under development: particulars: as at 31 march 2022 particulars: - projects in progress, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, morethan 3 years: -, total: - particulars: - projects temporarily suspended, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, morethan 3 years: -, total: - particulars: as at 31 march 2021, <1 year: 1.48, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, morethan 3 years: -, total: 1.48 particulars: - projects in progress, <1 year: 1.48, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, morethan 3 years: -, total: 1.48 particulars: - projects temporarily suspended, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, morethan 3 years: -, total: - table end.
3e.
right-of-use assets particulars: gross block particulars: as at 01 april 2020, right-of-use assets building: 1,237.15, lease liabilities: 1,330.28 particulars: additions, right-of-use assets building: 436.23, lease liabilities: 65.75 particulars: amortisation expense refer note 24 , right-of-use assets building: 159.74 , lease liabilities: - particulars: interest expense, right-of-use assets building: -, lease liabilities: 159.66 particulars: payments, right-of-use assets building: -, lease liabilities: 235.24 particulars: as at 31 march 2021, right-of-use assets building: 1,513.64, lease liabilities: 1,320.45 particulars: additions, right-of-use assets building: 1,265.12, lease liabilities: 1,194.21 particulars: deletions, right-of-use assets building: 860.61 , lease liabilities: 1,102.34 particulars: amortisation expense refer note 24 , right-of-use assets building: 239.69 , lease liabilities: - particulars: as at 31 march 2022, right-of-use assets building: 1,678.45, lease liabilities: 1,369.68 particulars: non-current , right-of-use assets building: 1,678.45, lease liabilities: 1,132.52 particulars: current , right-of-use assets building: -, lease liabilities: 237.16 table end.
the following are the amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss: particulars: amortisation expense, 31 march 2022: 239.69, 31 march 2021: 159.74 particulars: interest expenses using the effective interest method , 31 march 2022: 198.47, 31 march 2021: 159.66 particulars: rent expense - short-term leases, 31 march 2022: 88.18, 31 march 2021: 47.67 particulars: total amount recognised in the statement of profit or loss, 31 march 2022: 526.34, 31 march 2021: 367.07 table end.
4. financial asset 4a.
investments : non-current : a. in associates and joint venture : trade unquoted at cost unless otherwise stated : i investment in equity shares : a 1,25,000 31 march 2021: 125,000 equity shares of omr 1 each of al ahlia environmental services co llc, oman, 31 march 2022: 145.65, 31 march 2021: 145.65 : b 4,90,000 31 march 2021: 4,90,000 equity shares of sar 1 each of ramky- al-turki environmental services company limited, saudi arabia, 31 march 2022: 59.36, 31 march 2021: 59.36 : total aggregate investments in associates and joint venture, 31 march 2022: 205.01, 31 march 2021: 205.01 : b. in subsidiaries : trade unquoted at cost unless otherwise stated : i investment in equity shares - indian entities : 3,692,600 31 march 2021 - 3,692,600 equity shares of rs.10/- each of mumbai waste management limited, 31 march 2022: 583.47, 31 march 2021: 579.02 table end.
there are no footnotes or additional notes provided in the image.
all values are extracted from the provided image.
notes to financial statements contd.
all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: equity share investments 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 company name: ramky iwm private limited, 31 march 2022: 641.88, 31 march 2021: 634.77 company name: re sustainability waste management solutions limited formerly tamilnadu waste management limited , 31 march 2022: 1,666.48, 31 march 2021: 1,665.77 company name: delhi msw solutions limited, 31 march 2022: 3,519.27, 31 march 2021: 3,515.36 company name: west bengal waste management limited, 31 march 2022: 1,198.51, 31 march 2021: 1,198.51 company name: b & g solar private limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 328.90 company name: dehradun waste management private limited, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 company name: delhi cleantech services private limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1.55 company name: chennai enviro solutions private limited, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 company name: ip msw solutions limited, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: - company name: kesda waste management private limited, 31 march 2022: 0.09, 31 march 2021: - company name: ramky e-waste management limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 177.18 company name: visakha solvents limited, 31 march 2022: 76.50, 31 march 2021: 76.50 company name: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited, 31 march 2022: 740.33, 31 march 2021: 8.09 company name: ramky reclamation and recycling limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 56.75 company name: hyderabad integrated msw limited, 31 march 2022: 776.68, 31 march 2021: 657.91 company name: re sustainability urban solutions private limited formerly ramky msw private limited , 31 march 2022: 0.44, 31 march 2021: 0.44 company name: maridi bio industries private limited, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 company name: pithampur industrial waste management private limited, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 company name: ramky enviro services private limited, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 company name: chennai msw private limited, 31 march 2022: 133.08, 31 march 2021: 127.75 company name: re sustainability & recycling private limited formerly jodhpur msw private limited , 31 march 2022: 256.85, 31 march 2021: 10.00 company name: adityapur waste management private limited, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 table end.
table: equity share investments - foreign entities 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 company name: ramky international singapore pte ltd, 31 march 2022: 3,991.38, 31 march 2021: 3,989.61 company name: ramky enviro engineers middle east fz llc, 31 march 2022: 1,691.31, 31 march 2021: 296.02 company name: ramky enviro engineers ltd- bangladesh, 31 march 2022: 0.90, 31 march 2021: - table end.
table: investment in preference shares 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 company name: delhi msw solutions limited, 31 march 2022: 455.00, 31 march 2021: 455.00 company name: hyderabad integrated msw limited, 31 march 2022: 5,191.26, 31 march 2021: 5,191.26 company name: west bengal waste management limited, 31 march 2022: 1,578.00, 31 march 2021: 1,578.00 company name: b & g solar private limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 12.75 company name: re sustainability & recycling private limited formerly jodhpur msw private limited , 31 march 2022: 44.65, 31 march 2021: - company name: delhi cleantech services private limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 44.65 table end.
note: some table headers have been consolidated for clarity.
the original image contained some layout inconsistencies which have been addressed in the markdown tables.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated iv investment in debentures item: 30,000,000 31 march 2021 - 30,000,000 0.001%, compulsorily convertible debentures of rs.10/- each of ramky iwm private limited, 31 march 2022: 958.25, 31 march 2021: 958.25 item: 40,000,000 31 march 2021 - 40,000,000 0.001%, compulsorily convertible debentures of rs.10/- each of delhi msw solutions limited refer note a , 31 march 2022: 2,944.20, 31 march 2021: 1,277.67 item: 55,230,000 31 march 2021 - nil 0.001%, compulsorily convertible debentures of rs.10/- each of hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited refer note e i & grams given below , 31 march 2022: 5,523.00, 31 march 2021: - table end.
v investment in perpetual debt refer note e ii item: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited refer note e i , 31 march 2022: 5,354.00, 31 march 2021: 30,000.00 item: delhi msw solutions limited, 31 march 2022: 17,000.00, 31 march 2021: 17,000.00 item: hyderabad c&d waste treatment private limited, 31 march 2022: 1,363.63, 31 march 2021: 3,378.54 item: rewa msw management solutions limited, 31 march 2022: 2,000.00, 31 march 2021: 2,000.00 item: saagar msw solutions private limited, 31 march 2022: 2,000.00, 31 march 2021: 2,000.00 item: dhanbad integrated msw limited, 31 march 2022: 185.70, 31 march 2021: 2,699.03 item: katni mswm private limited, 31 march 2022: 1,500.00, 31 march 2021: 1,500.00 item: ramky reclamation and recycling limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2,963.17 item: dehradun waste management private limited, 31 march 2022: 903.63, 31 march 2021: 861.66 item: ramky iwm private limited, 31 march 2022: 3,735.00, 31 march 2021: 4,200.00 item: rewa msw energy solutions limited, 31 march 2022: 2,614.03, 31 march 2021: - item: dundigal waste 2 energy limited, 31 march 2022: 7,262.82, 31 march 2021: - item: total aggregate investments in subsidiaries , 31 march 2022: 75,897.36 , 31 march 2021: 89,450.11 table end.
c. in others i investment in equity shares item: 10,15,000 31 march 2021 - 10,15,000 equity shares of rs.10/- each of pithampur auto cluster limited, 31 march 2022: 101.50, 31 march 2021: 101.50 item: total aggregate investments in others , 31 march 2022: 101.50 , 31 march 2021: 101.50 item: total aggregate investments in subsidiaries and other entities b +c , 31 march 2022: 75,998.86 , 31 march 2021: 89,551.61 item: grand total non current a+b+c , 31 march 2022: 76,203.87 , 31 march 2021: 89,756.62 item: aggregate value of unquoted investments , 31 march 2022: 76,203.87 , 31 march 2021: 89,756.62 item: aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments , 31 march 2022: 1,697.70 , 31 march 2021: 1,697.70 table end.
notes: a 24,000,000 31 march 2021 - 24,000,000 0.001%, compulsorily convertible debentures of rs.10/- each of delhi msw solutions limited have been pledged in favour of power finance corporation limited for loans availed by delhi msw solutions limited.
b 15,000 31 march 2021 - 15,000 equity shares and 51,912,570 31 march 2021 - 51,912,570 preference shares of hyderabad integrated msw limited have been pledged in favour of state bank of india in current year and axis bank limited till previous year for loans availed by hyderabad integrated msw limited.
4b.
loans unsecured and considered good unless otherwise stated item: non current item: inter corporate deposit to related parties , 31 march 2022: 18,311.23, 31 march 2021: 25,414.08 item: inter corporate deposit to others, 31 march 2022: 465.00, 31 march 2021: 465.00 item: 18,776.23 item: less: allowance for doubtful assets, 31 march 2022: 220.24 , 31 march 2021: 220.24 item: 18,555.99 item: current item: inter corporate deposits to related parties , 31 march 2022: 3,328.21, 31 march 2021: - table end.
inter corporate deposit to related parties are repayable in 2 years and carries interest @ 10.50% 31 march 2021:10.50% p.a . refer note 33 . intercorporate deposits repayable on or before 31 march 2023 and carries interest @ 10.50% p.a 4c.
other financial asset unsecured and considered good unless otherwise stated : non current : security deposits, 31 march 2022: 705.64, 31 march 2021: 553.38 : share application pending allotment, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,383.44 : deposit with remaining maturity more than 12 months , 31 march 2022: 5,111.50, 31 march 2021: 3,966.75 : unsecured, considered doubtful : receivable on account of sale of asset, 31 march 2022: 186.32, 31 march 2021: 379.35 : earnest money deposits, 31 march 2022: 365.53, 31 march 2021: 380.69 : less: provision for earnest money deposits, 31 march 2022: 66.33 , 31 march 2021: 66.33 31 march 2022: 6,302.66, 31 march 2021: 6,597.28 : current : other receivables from related parties, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 510.00 : interest accrued, 31 march 2022: 172.83, 31 march 2021: 90.15 31 march 2022: 172.83, 31 march 2021: 600.15 table end.
includes rs.4,579.88 31 march 2021: rs.3,248.06 deposited in escrow account terms of hazardous waste management, handling and transboundary movement rules, 2008. 4d.
trade receivables unsecured and considered good unless otherwise stated : current : trade receivables from related parties refer note 33 , 31 march 2022: 3,446.62, 31 march 2021: 3,805.14 : trade receivables from others, 31 march 2022: 12,297.30, 31 march 2021: 14,829.33 31 march 2022: 15,743.92, 31 march 2021: 18,634.47 : impairment allowance : less: allowance for doubtful debts, 31 march 2022: 6,068.42 , 31 march 2021: 6,977.43 31 march 2022: 9,675.50, 31 march 2021: 11,657.04 table end.
note: 4d-1 there are no trade receivables due from private companies/partnership firm in which group's director is a director/partner.
note: 4d-2 trade receivables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of less than 1 year as mutually agreed with the customers.
4e.
cash and cash equivalents : cash on hand, 31 march 2022: 2.18, 31 march 2021: 4.32 : balances with banks: : - on current account, 31 march 2022: 4,016.59, 31 march 2021: 4,567.91 : - deposit with original maturity of less than 3 months, 31 march 2022: 29,634.59, 31 march 2021: 1,805.03 31 march 2022: 33,653.36, 31 march 2021: 6,377.26 table end.
ageing schedule of trade receivables: particulars: as at 31 march 2022 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - considered good particulars: - related parties, not due: 310.72, <1 year: 1,767.52, 1-2 years: 895.60, 2-3 years: 385.14, morethan 3 years: 87.65, total: 3,446.62 particulars: - others, not due: 3,262.45, <1 year: 3,593.15, 1-2 years: 346.80, 2-3 years: 591.91, morethan 3 years: 556.43, total: 8,350.74 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired, morethan 3 years: 315.85, total: 315.85 particulars: disputed trade receivables - considered good, <1 year: 270.50, 1-2 years: 150.64, 2-3 years: 770.08, morethan 3 years: 2,439.48, total: 3,630.70 particulars: disputed trade receivables - credit impaired particulars: as at 31 march 2021 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - considered good particulars: - related parties, not due: 848.20, <1 year: 1,635.36, 1-2 years: 986.75, 2-3 years: 20.64, morethan 3 years: 314.19, total: 3,805.14 particulars: - others, not due: 4,114.09, <1 year: 4,001.14, 1-2 years: 631.27, 2-3 years: 282.36, morethan 3 years: 555.64, total: 9,584.50 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired, 2-3 years: 33.00, morethan 3 years: 387.64, total: 420.64 particulars: disputed trade receivables - considered good, <1 year: 19.78, 1-2 years: 128.10, 2-3 years: 855.86, morethan 3 years: 2,642.76, total: 4,824.19 particulars: disputed trade receivables - credit impaired table end.
change in liabilities arising from financing activities : non-current borrowings, 31 march 2021: 427.59, cash flow: 301.08 , others: 123.49, 31 march 2022: 250.00 : current borrowings, 31 march 2021: 1,529.33, cash flow: 1,264.14, others: 123.49 , 31 march 2022: 2,669.98 : total liabilities from financing activities, 31 march 2021: 1,956.92, cash flow: 963.06, others: -, 31 march 2022: 2,919.98 table end.
change in liabilities arising from financing activities : non-current borrowings, 31 march 2020: 456.99, cash flow: 253.11, others: 282.51 , 31 march 2021: 427.59 : current borrowings, 31 march 2020: 2,369.67, cash flow: 1,122.85 , others: 282.51, 31 march 2021: 1,529.33 : total liabilities from financing activities, 31 march 2020: 2,826.66, cash flow: 869.74 , others: -, 31 march 2021: 1,956.92 table end.
4f.
bank balance other than cash and cash equivalent account type: non-current account type: balance with banks: account type: on current accounts escrow accounts , 31 march 2022: 62.37, 31 march 2021: 879.55 account type: current account type: other bank balances account type: deposit with remaining maturity less than 12 months, 31 march 2022: 2,466.10, 31 march 2021: 3,301.45 table end.
deposited in escrow account in terms of hazardous waste management, handling and transboundary movement rules, 2008. 5. inventories valued at lower of cost and net realisable value item: raw materials, tools and spares, 31 march 2022: 1,022.93, 31 march 2021: 1,228.46 item: finished goods, 31 march 2022: 8.33, 31 march 2021: 9.15 item: total , 31 march 2022: 1,031.26, 31 march 2021: 1,237.61 table end.
6. deferred tax assets item: deferred tax asset net refer note 27 , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,235.91 item: mat credit entitlement, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,291.16 item: total , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2,527.07 table end.
7. tax assets item: non-current item: advance income tax net of provision for income tax , 31 march 2022: 1,420.18, 31 march 2021: 964.61 item: total , 31 march 2022: 1,420.18, 31 march 2021: 964.61 table end.
8. other assets unsecured and considered good unless otherwise stated account type: non-current account type: capital advances, 31 march 2022: 1,118.49, 31 march 2021: 609.52 account type: balances with government authority amount paid under protest , 31 march 2022: 440.54, 31 march 2021: 440.54 account type: prepayments, 31 march 2022: 54.00, 31 march 2021: 42.62 account type: current account type: contract assets, 31 march 2022: 417.35, 31 march 2021: 447.21 account type: unsecured - considered good, 31 march 2022: 744.16, 31 march 2021: 1,257.66 account type: unsecured - considered doubtful, 31 march 2022: 38.29, 31 march 2021: 48.20 account type: impairment allowance doubtful receivable, 31 march 2022: 38.29 , 31 march 2021: 48.20 account type: unbilled revenue, 31 march 2022: 744.16, 31 march 2021: 1,257.66 account type: advance to employees, 31 march 2022: 64.18, 31 march 2021: 39.27 account type: considered good, 31 march 2022: 47.20, 31 march 2021: 34.00 account type: considered doubtful, 31 march 2022: 47.20 , 31 march 2021: 34.00 account type: advances to supplier and service providers, 31 march 2022: 1,321.42, 31 march 2021: 1,483.47 account type: other advances, 31 march 2022: 48.79, 31 march 2021: 50.50 account type: balances with government authority, 31 march 2022: 2,154.61, 31 march 2021: 1,427.64 account type: prepaid expenses, 31 march 2022: 571.89, 31 march 2021: 635.44 account type: total , 31 march 2022: 5,322.40, 31 march 2021: 5,341.19 table end.
9. equity share capital table: equity share capital breakdown share type: class a - equity shares, face value rs.
: 10, number of shares in lakhs : 2,025.22, inr lakhs: 20,252.25 share type: 0.001% compulsory convertible preference shares, face value rs.
: 100, number of shares in lakhs : 0.01, inr lakhs: 1.00 share type: 0.00001% optionally convertible redeemable preference shares, face value rs.
: 15, number of shares in lakhs : 13.44, inr lakhs: 201.60 share type: redeemable preference shares, face value rs.
: 100, number of shares in lakhs : 0.71, inr lakhs: 71.15 table end.
note: the table above summarizes the authorized share capital as of 31 march 2022. information on increases/decreases during the year is not included due to the image's formatting.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated ii issued equity share capital : as at 01 april 2020 , : 41.77, : 417.74, : 0.01 : issued during the year : redeemed/ transferred during the year : as at 31 march 2021 , : 41.77, : 417.74, : 0.01 : issued during the year : redeemed/ transferred during the year : as at 31 march 2022 , : 41.77, : 417.74, : 0.01 table end.
nil due to rounding off to nearest lakhs iii terms/rights attached to equity shares the company have two classes of equity shares, i.e., class a and class b, having par value of rs.
10/- each.
each equity share holder is entitled to one vote per equity share held.
both classes of equity shares have the same voting rights.
the company declares and pays dividend in indian rupees.
the dividend proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting.
in the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts.
the distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
iv terms/rights attached to preference shares a. compulsory convertible preference shares and redeemable preference shares: compulsory convertible preference shares are convertible into equity shares and are entitled to 0.001% dividend.
the terms of these preference shares have been amended and converted into redeemable preference shares.
these shares were redeemed on 08 february 2019 but were extinguished from the records subsequent to the balance sheet.
b. optionally convertible redeemable preference shares ocrps : - the face value of each ocrps is rs 15 each and carries dividend of 0.00001% which is cumulative and participative based on the formula specified in the share subscription and share purchase agreement sspa . - ocrps shall be redeemed for cash on the twentieth anniversary of their issuance, unless converted or redeemed earlier.
- the existing shareholders have agreed to indemnify the investor / the company along with its subsidiaries on the happening of certain events specified the sspa.
it also specifies the nature of indemnity along with indemnified amount and period of such indemnity after closing date.
- these preference shares are convertible into equity shares or redeemed based on agreed indemnity events and mechanism specified in sspa.
- the company shall automatically convert all the remaining ocrps that have not been converted/ redeemed into equity shares representing 0.5% of the transaction date equity shareholding i.e. after nineteen years from the date of allotment.
v the details of shares held by shareholder holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the company.
table: shareholding details share class: class a, shareholder: a ayodhya rami reddy, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2022: 1.84, % of holding 31 march 2022: 4.39%, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2021: 16.08, % of holding 31 march 2021: 38.50% share class: class a, shareholder: a ishaan, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2022: 14.25, % of holding 31 march 2022: 34.11%, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2021: -, % of holding 31 march 2021: - share class: class a, shareholder: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2022: 24.85, % of holding 31 march 2022: 59.50%, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2021: 24.85, % of holding 31 march 2021: 59.50% share class: class b, shareholder: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2022: -, % of holding 31 march 2022: 100%, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2021: -, % of holding 31 march 2021: 100% share class: ocrps, shareholder: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2022: 13.39, % of holding 31 march 2022: 100%, number of shares in lakhs 31 march 2021: 13.39, % of holding 31 march 2021: 100% table end.
nil due to rounding off to nearest lakhs vi the details of shares held by promoters as at 31 march 2022 table: promoter shareholding details promoter name: a ayodhya rami reddy\ , class of equity shares: class a equity shares, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1,608,399, change during the year: 1,424,850 , no.
of shares at the end of the year: 183,549, % of total shares: 4.39%, % change during the year: -88.59% promoter name: a ishaan, class of equity shares: class a equity shares, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1, change during the year: 1,424,850, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 1,424,851, % of total shares: 34.11%, % change during the year: 142485000.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: class a equity shares, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 2,485,488, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 2,485,488, % of total shares: 59.50%, % change during the year: 0.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: class b equity shares, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 100, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 100, % of total shares: 100.00%, % change during the year: 0.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: ocrps, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1,339,472, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 1,339,472, % of total shares: 100.00%, % change during the year: 0.00% table end.
\ mr. a ayodhya rami reddy ceases to be a promoter with effect from 31 march 2022 on transfer of significant stake to mr. a ishan.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated as at 31 march 2021 promoter name: a ayodhya rami reddy, class of equity shares: class a equity shares, face value: rs.
10 each, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1,608,399, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 1,608,399, % of total shares: 38.50%, % change during the year: 0.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: class a equity shares, face value: rs.
10 each, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 2,485,488, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 2,485,488, % of total shares: 59.50%, % change during the year: 0.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: class b equity shares, face value: rs.
10 each, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 100, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 100, % of total shares: 100.00%, % change during the year: 0.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: ocrps, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1,343,431, change during the year: 3,959 , no.
of shares at the end of the year: 1,339,472, % of total shares: 100.00%, % change during the year: -0.29% table end.
10. other equity a capital reserve opening balance: 17,923.58 31 march 2022 , 17,923.58 31 march 2021 add: increase during the year: - closing balance a : 17,923.58 31 march 2022 , 17,923.58 31 march 2021 b share-based payment reserve opening balance: 2,141.92 31 march 2022 , 1,575.36 31 march 2021 add: compensation options granted during the year: 356.53 31 march 2022 , 566.56 31 march 2021 closing balance b : 2,498.45 31 march 2022 , 2,141.92 31 march 2021 c equity component of compound financial instruments opening balance: 71,162.18 31 march 2022 , 71,162.18 31 march 2021 closing balance c : 71,162.18 31 march 2022 , 71,162.18 31 march 2021 d retained earning opening balance: 41,471.81 31 march 2022 , 37,234.83 31 march 2021 add: profit for the year: 4,805.20 31 march 2022 , 4,193.94 31 march 2021 other comprehensive income: remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans net of tax : 44.21 31 march 2022 , 43.63 31 march 2021 add: received / transfer during the year : 0.59 31 march 2022 closing balance d : 46,232.80 31 march 2022 , 41,471.81 31 march 2021 e capital redemption reserve opening balance: 0.59 31 march 2022 , - 31 march 2021 add: received / transfer during the year : - 31 march 2022 , 0.59 31 march 2021 closing balance e : 0.59 31 march 2022 , 0.59 31 march 2021 total other equity f=a+b+c+d+e : 137,817.60 31 march 2022 , 132,700.08 31 march 2021 nature and purpose of reserves: i retained earnings retained earnings are the profits/losses net of appropriations of the company earned till date, including items of other comprehensive income.
ii securities premium securities premium represents the premium received on issue of shares over and above the face value of equity shares.
the reserve is available for utilization in accordance with the provisions of the companies act, 2013. iii share-based payment reserve the share options-based payment reserve is used to recognize the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under employee stock option plan.
iv equity component of compound financial instruments the company has issued optionally convertible redeemable preference shares ocrps during the year ended 31 march 2019. considering the accounting principles to be followed in line with indian accounting standards, the company has computed the liability portion of ocrps as the present value of the contractual obligations associated with the instrument.
the difference between the issue amount of the ocrps and the liability so computed has been treated as the “equity component of compound financial instruments” and grouped under other equity.
v capital reserve during f.y 2018-19, pursuant to the scheme of amalgamation the ‘scheme’ sanctioned by the hyderabad bench of national company law tribunal ‘nclt’ vide its order dated 14 march 2019, bhubaneswar industrial waste management orissa private limited ‘transferor company’ , a subsidiary of the company, merged with the company with effect from 01 april 2018 the ‘appointed date’ . the amalgamation qualifies as a common control business combination and is accounted under ‘pooling of interest’ method specified in ind as 103 business combinations notified under section 133 of the companies act 2013 and the rules made thereunder.
the amalgamation had resulted in transfer of assets and liabilities in accordance with the terms of the scheme at the following summarized values.
capital reserve represents the difference the net assets transferred and purchase consideration.
vi capital redemption reserve during the previous year, the company redeemed 3,959 optionally convertible redeemable preference shares ocrps of face of value rs.
15 each.
in this regard, in accordance with section 55 of companies act, 2013, the company transferred rs.
0.59 to capital redemption reserve account equivalent to nominal value of ocrps out of profits of the company.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 11. borrowings 11a.
borrowings table: borrowings data 31 march 2022 & 31 march 2021 category: non-current borrowings, sub-category: secured at amortized cost sub-category: term loans from others sub-category: a pithampur autocluster limited, 31 march 2022 - non current: 250.00, 31 march 2022 - current : 100.00, 31 march 2021 - non current: 350.00, 31 march 2021 - current : 100.00 sub-category: vehicle loans from banks sub-category: b icici bank limited, 31 march 2022 - non current: -, 31 march 2022 - current : -, 31 march 2021 - non current: -, 31 march 2021 - current : - sub-category: c kotak mahindra bank limited, 31 march 2022 - non current: -, 31 march 2022 - current : -, 31 march 2021 - non current: -, 31 march 2021 - current : - sub-category: vehicle loans from others sub-category: d cholamandalam investment and finance company limited, 31 march 2022 - non current: -, 31 march 2022 - current : -, 31 march 2021 - non current: -, 31 march 2021 - current : - sub-category: e mahindra & mahindra financial services limited, 31 march 2022 - non current: -, 31 march 2022 - current : -, 31 march 2021 - non current: 250.00, 31 march 2021 - current : - category: total non-current borrowings , 31 march 2022 - non current: 250.00, 31 march 2022 - current : 100.00, 31 march 2021 - non current: 600.00, 31 march 2021 - current : 100.00 category: total current borrowings , 31 march 2022 - non current: 26.50, 31 march 2022 - current : 27.47, 31 march 2021 - non current: 68.70, 31 march 2021 - current : - table end.
amount disclosed as current maturities of long-term borrowings under current borrowings below.
11b.
current borrowings secured at amortized cost cash credit sub-category: f axis bank limited, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,246.82 sub-category: grams state bank of india, 31 march 2022: 2,510.96, 31 march 2021: - sub-category: h current maturities of long-term borrowings, 31 march 2022: 159.02, 31 march 2021: 282.51 sub-category: total , 31 march 2022: 2,669.98, 31 march 2021: 1,529.33 table end.
security details of borrowings: i borrowing mentioned in a is secured by: - corporate guarantee for the full, prompt and punctual payment of the principle and interest.
- undertaking that re sustainability limited will not demand the redemption of its preference shares till the repayment of the entire term loan granted by pithampur auto cluster limited.
ii loans mentioned in b to e are secured by hypothecation of respective assets for which loans were availed.
iii loan mentioned in f is secured by - pari passu first charge by way of hypothecation on all current assets of the company along with other working capital bankers.
- pari passu second charge on the entire movable fixed assets of the company other than vehicles specifically hypothecated under hire purchase scheme . - exclusive pledge of 2% shares of the company for bg limit in excess of rs.
75.00 crores.
- goods/ material procured/imported under letter of credits.
iv loan mentioned in grams is secured by - pari passu first charge by way of hypothecation on all current assets of the company along with axis bank, the other working capital lender under mba.
- exclusive first charge on the fixed assets of re sustainability healthcare solutions limited formerly known as ramky energy and environment limited including equitable mortgage of the following: a 1 acre 20 singapore cents together with acc building of super build-up area of 6482 sq from edapadi sangagiri main road in survey no.10/1a at thangayur village, edappaditaluk, salem district, state of tamil nadu b all that piece and parcel of land situated at thangayur village, edappaditaluk, salem district with s no.
10/1a land measuring 9 acres 16 singapore cents at thangayur village, edappaditaluk, salem district, state of tamil nadu.
c all that the land in s no.
136/i admeasuring acres 0.47 cents and the land in survey no.
136/4c admeasuring acres 1.28 cents and the land in s no 137/4b admeasuring acres 3-10 cents total land admeasuring 4.85 cents situated in undurumikidakutam village, mukkulam mandikutam panchayat and narikudi panchayat union, sivagangai district and subdistrict and subdistrict of thiruppuvanam of tamil nadu.
d all that piece and parcel of commercial land together with undurumikidakutam village, thiuruchuli taluk, virundhunagar district of tamil nadu with s no.
136/3 b admeasuring an extent of 2 acres and 32 singapore cents.
- second charge on fixed assets of mumbai waste management ltd.
- second charge on pari passu basis along with other working capital lenders on the fixed assets of re sustainability ltd formerly known as ramky enviro engineers ltd . - pari passu second charge on all chargeable current assets of the company.
- corporate guarantee of mumbai waste management limited - corporate guarantee of re sustainability healthcare solutions limited formerly known as ramky energy and environment ltd.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated term of interest 1. the rate of interest for term loan from pithampur auto cluster limited is 8% p.a on daily outstanding balance with six monthly reset by end of 31 march and 30 september, every year.
2. the rate of interest for vehicle loans from banks is in range of 8.99% to 10.25% p.a and on others ranges from 8.09% p.a to 10.50% terms of repayment 12. trade payables total outstanding dues to micro enterprises and small enterprises total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises.
dues to related parties refer note 33 terms and conditions of the above financial liabilities: trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled within credit terms.
ageing schedule of trade payables: table: ageing schedule of trade payables particulars: as at 31 march 2022 particulars: micro small medium enterprises, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: undisputed dues, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: related parties, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: others, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: disputed dues, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: other than micro small medium enterprises, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: undisputed dues, provision for expenses: -, 1-2 years: 76.35, 2-3 years: 15.85, more than 3 years: 7.34, total: 695.33 particulars: as at 31 march 2021 particulars: micro small medium enterprises, provision for expenses: -, 1-2 years: 14.37, 2-3 years: 38.27, more than 3 years: 3.01, total: 629.68 particulars: undisputed dues, provision for expenses: -, 1-2 years: 23.41, 2-3 years: 278.30, more than 3 years: 158.03, total: 7671.42 particulars: related parties, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: others, provision for expenses: -, total: - particulars: disputed dues, provision for expenses: -, total: - table end.
13. other financial liabilities table: other financial liabilities : non current : at amortised cost : security deposit payable, 31 march 2022: 3,699.77, 31 march 2021: 3,775.43 : at fair value through profit and loss : 0.00001% optionally convertible redeemable preference shares, 31 march 2022: 11,479.54, 31 march 2021: 11,479.54 : total non-current other financial liabilities , 31 march 2022: 15,179.31, 31 march 2021: 15,254.97 : current : at amortised cost : capital creditors, 31 march 2022: 1,675.04, 31 march 2021: 674.65 : interest accrued and due, 31 march 2022: 1.07, 31 march 2021: 1.07 : interest accrued but not due, 31 march 2022: 0.26, 31 march 2021: - : retention money payable, 31 march 2022: 506.33, 31 march 2021: 753.17 : interest on micro and small enterprises payable refer note 34 , 31 march 2022: 26.80, 31 march 2021: 26.49 : total , 31 march 2022: 2,209.50, 31 march 2021: 1,455.38 table end.
notes: includes payable to related parties amounting to rs.366.52 31 march 2021: rs.430.18 the company had issued 1,343,431 0.00001% optionally convertible redeemable preference shares ocrps of rs 15 per ocrps rs.
201.51 to the investor at a premium of rs.
9,468.18 per ocrps rs.
127,198.47 , totalling to rs.
127,399.98.
based on the external valuation, the company had determined the liability component of ocrps to rs.
11,855.00 which was disclosed as financial liability under "borrowings" and balance of rs.
115,544.98 was classified as capital contribution under "other equity".
out of rs.
11,855.00 financial liability, rs.375.46 was redeemed in the previous year's.
security deposits received from customers are repayable on demand, since the company does not have an unconditional right to defer the payment, these deposits have been classified as current balances.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated break up of financial liabilities carried at amortised cost item: borrowings non current refer note 11a , 31 march 2022: 250.00, 31 march 2021: 427.59 item: borrowings current refer note 11b , 31 march 2022: 2,669.98, 31 march 2021: 1,529.33 item: trade payables current refer note 12 , 31 march 2022: 11,080.14, 31 march 2021: 8,934.15 item: other financial liabilities non current refer note 13 , 31 march 2022: 15,179.31, 31 march 2021: 15,254.97 item: other financial liabilities current refer note 13 , 31 march 2022: 2,209.50, 31 march 2021: 1,455.38 item: total of financial liabilities carried at amortized cost , 31 march 2022: 31,388.93 , 31 march 2021: 27,601.42 table end.
14. deferred tax liabilities net item: deferred tax liabilities net , 31 march 2022: 5,926.34, 31 march 2022: - item: mat credit entitlement refer note 27 , 31 march 2022: 5,447.56 , 31 march 2022: - item: total , 31 march 2022: 478.78 , 31 march 2022: - table end.
14. liabilities for current tax net item: provision for taxes net of advance tax , 31 march 2022: 225.72, 31 march 2021: 2,540.70 table end.
15. government grants item: non current item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 109.09, 31 march 2021: 116.02 item: less: recognised in statement of profit and loss, 31 march 2022: 6.93 , 31 march 2021: 6.93 item: closing balance , 31 march 2022: 102.16 , 31 march 2021: 109.09 table end.
16. provisions item: non current item: provision for employee benefits item: - gratuity refer note 30 , 31 march 2022: 285.26, 31 march 2021: 126.94 item: - compensated absences, 31 march 2022: 194.12, 31 march 2021: 193.44 item: other provisions item: - provision for replacement of assets under service concession, 31 march 2022: 20.18, 31 march 2021: 8.94 item: - provision for capping, 31 march 2022: 705.60, 31 march 2021: 1,077.02 item: - provision for post closure, 31 march 2022: 2,204.95, 31 march 2021: 2,073.33 item: total non-current , 31 march 2022: 3,410.11 , 31 march 2021: 3,479.67 item: current item: provision for employee benefits item: - gratuity refer note 30 , 31 march 2022: 167.44, 31 march 2021: 198.03 item: - compensated absences, 31 march 2022: 110.33, 31 march 2021: 93.80 item: other provisions item: - provision for capping obligation, 31 march 2022: 2,118.21, 31 march 2021: 2,258.40 item: - provision for incineration, 31 march 2022: 74.16, 31 march 2021: 89.28 item: - provision for replacement of assets under service concession, 31 march 2022: 350.40, 31 march 2021: 350.40 item: total current , 31 march 2022: 2,820.54 , 31 march 2021: 2,989.91 table end.
movement in provisions for the year ended 31 march 2022 item: at the beginning of the year, replacement of assets: 359.34, capping: 3,335.40, post closure: 2,073.33, incineration: 89.28 item: add: provision made during the year, replacement of assets: -, capping: 428.63, post closure: 210.26, incineration: 780.77 item: add: interest expenses using the effective interest rate method , replacement of assets: 12.09, capping: 143.78, post closure: 228.26, incineration: - item: less: provision reversed/utilized/transferred during the year, replacement of assets: 0.85 , capping: 1,084.00 , post closure: 306.90 , incineration: 795.89 item: at the end of the year , replacement of assets: 370.58 , capping: 2,823.81 , post closure: 2,204.95 , incineration: 74.16 item: short-term provision, replacement of assets: 350.40, capping: 2,118.21, post closure: -, incineration: 74.16 item: long-term provision, replacement of assets: 20.18, capping: 705.60, post closure: 2,204.95, incineration: - table end.
movement in provisions for the year ended 31 march 2021 item: at the beginning of the year, replacement of assets: 466.49, capping: 2,962.84, post closure: 1,653.62, incineration: 452.09 item: add: provision made during the year, replacement of assets: -, capping: 500.05, post closure: 203.28, incineration: 835.82 item: add: interest expenses using the effective interest rate method , replacement of assets: 30.97, capping: 49.09, post closure: 216.43, incineration: - item: less: provision reversed/utilized/transferred during the year, replacement of assets: 138.12 , capping: 176.58 , post closure: -, incineration: 1,198.63 item: at the end of the year , replacement of assets: 359.34 , capping: 3,335.40 , post closure: 2,073.33 , incineration: 89.28 item: short-term provision, replacement of assets: 350.40, capping: 2,258.40, post closure: -, incineration: 89.28 item: long-term provision, replacement of assets: 8.94, capping: 1,077.00, post closure: 2,073.33, incineration: - table end.
17. other liabilities item: non current item: contract liability item: deferred income item: current item: contract liability, 31 march 2022: 1,209.55, 31 march 2021: 568.93 item: advances from customers , 31 march 2022: 1,381.46, 31 march 2021: 1,094.27 item: deferred income, 31 march 2022: 162.32, 31 march 2021: 110.16 item: unearned revenue, 31 march 2022: 9.94, 31 march 2021: 9.94 item: statutory dues payables, 31 march 2022: 985.97, 31 march 2021: 1,002.57 item: total current , 31 march 2022: 2,539.69 , 31 march 2021: 2,216.94 table end.
includes advance received from related parties amounting to rs.837.53 31 march 2021: rs.666.39 refer note.33 notes to financial statements contd.
18. revenue from contracts with customers item: rendering of services item: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 33,902.91, 31 march 2021: 33,459.47 item: revenue from turnkey contracts, 31 march 2022: 218.55, 31 march 2021: 528.44 item: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 3,844.87, 31 march 2021: 2,750.79 item: revenue from service concession activity, 31 march 2022: 5.99, 31 march 2021: 39.52 item: sale of goods item: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 56.33, 31 march 2021: 67.87 item: total revenue , 31 march 2022: 38,028.65, 31 march 2021: 36,846.09 table end.
contract balances item: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 9,675.50, 31 march 2021: 11,657.04 item: contract assets, 31 march 2022: 1,161.51, 31 march 2021: 1,704.87 item: contract liabilities, 31 march 2022: 2,763.27, 31 march 2021: 1,783.30 table end.
trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 30 to 90 days.
contract assets include retention money receivable from customers and unbilled revenue.
contract liabilities include advance from customers, deferred income and unearned revenue.
reconciling the amount of revenue recognised in the statement of profit and loss with the contracted price: item: revenue as per contracted price, 31 march 2022: 38,424.24, 31 march 2021: 37,298.47 item: adjustments, 31 march 2022: 395.59 , 31 march 2021: 452.38 item: revenue from contracts with customers, 31 march 2022: 38,028.65, 31 march 2021: 36,846.09 table end.
19. other income item: interest income on item: loan to related party, 31 march 2022: 2,239.86, 31 march 2021: 2,041.42 item: bank and other deposits, 31 march 2022: 417.86, 31 march 2021: 507.95 item: interest income using the effective interest method , 31 march 2022: 394.59, 31 march 2021: 396.90 item: others, 31 march 2022: 38.10, 31 march 2021: 0.53 item: liabilities no longer required written back, 31 march 2022: 345.59, 31 march 2021: - item: foreign exchange gain net , 31 march 2022: 49.36, 31 march 2021: 94.24 item: gain on slump sale, 31 march 2022: 777.02, 31 march 2021: - item: net gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, 31 march 2022: 32.08, 31 march 2021: 3.17 item: apportionment of government grants, 31 march 2022: 6.93, 31 march 2021: 6.93 item: profit on sale of investments, 31 march 2022: 206.05, 31 march 2021: - item: dividend income, 31 march 2022: 1.28, 31 march 2021: 1.28 item: gain on sale of investments in liquid funds quoted , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 133.67 item: insurance claims, 31 march 2022: 5.00, 31 march 2021: 10.39 item: other non-operating income, 31 march 2022: 250.61, 31 march 2021: 76.53 item: total other income , 31 march 2022: 4,764.33, 31 march 2021: 3,273.01 table end.
20. cost of raw material and components consumed item: inventory at the beginning of the year, 31 march 2022: 1,228.46, 31 march 2021: 1,397.00 item: add: purchases, 31 march 2022: 2,049.95, 31 march 2021: 3,451.85 item: less: inventory at the end of the year, 31 march 2022: 1,022.93 , 31 march 2021: 1,228.46 item: total , 31 march 2022: 2,255.48, 31 march 2021: 3,620.39 table end.
21. construction expenses item: construction cost on service concession activity, 31 march 2022: 4.35, 31 march 2021: 39.52 table end.
22. employee benefit expense item: salaries, allowances and wages, 31 march 2022: 6,126.11, 31 march 2021: 5,395.47 item: contribution to provident fund and other funds, 31 march 2022: 358.67, 31 march 2021: 328.51 item: staff welfare expenses, 31 march 2022: 303.92, 31 march 2021: 213.60 item: gratuity expense, 31 march 2022: 110.64, 31 march 2021: 107.62 item: share-based payment expenses refer note 31 , 31 march 2022: 304.22, 31 march 2021: 480.80 item: total , 31 march 2022: 7,203.56, 31 march 2021: 6,526.00 table end.
23. finance costs item: interest on debt and borrowings, 31 march 2022: 87.87, 31 march 2021: 169.76 item: interest expenses using the effective interest method , 31 march 2022: 384.12, 31 march 2021: 296.49 item: interest others, 31 march 2022: 235.27, 31 march 2021: 177.01 item: bank charges, 31 march 2022: 115.53, 31 march 2021: 151.89 item: total , 31 march 2022: 822.79, 31 march 2021: 795.15 table end.
24. depreciation and amortization expense item: depreciation of property plant and equipment note 3a , 31 march 2022: 2,167.47, 31 march 2021: 1,720.56 item: amortization of intangible assets note 3c , 31 march 2022: 238.05, 31 march 2021: 141.70 item: depreciation of right-of-use assets note 3e , 31 march 2022: 239.69, 31 march 2021: 159.74 item: total , 31 march 2022: 2,645.21, 31 march 2021: 2,022.00 table end.
25. other expenses item: sub contract expenses, 31 march 2022: 3,446.33, 31 march 2021: 2,892.15 item: labour contract charges, 31 march 2022: 2,851.53, 31 march 2021: 2,815.24 item: power and fuel, 31 march 2022: 2,010.82, 31 march 2021: 1,549.11 item: transport charges, 31 march 2022: 2,212.33, 31 march 2021: 2,126.27 table end.
there are no footnotes in the provided image.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated item: repairs and maintenance item: - plant and machinery, 31 march 2022: 484.27, 31 march 2021: 350.47 item: - others, 31 march 2022: 1,806.70, 31 march 2021: 676.74 item: hire charges, 31 march 2022: 955.64, 31 march 2021: 878.81 item: capping for land fill refer note 16 , 31 march 2022: 428.63, 31 march 2021: 500.05 item: post closure maintenance expenses refer note 16 , 31 march 2022: 210.26, 31 march 2021: 203.28 item: incineration expenses refer note 16 , 31 march 2022: 780.77, 31 march 2021: 835.82 item: security charges, 31 march 2022: 284.93, 31 march 2021: 316.56 item: rates and taxes, 31 march 2022: 276.10, 31 march 2021: 137.69 item: legal and professional charges, 31 march 2022: 3,277.27, 31 march 2021: 1,767.92 item: travelling and conveyance, 31 march 2022: 399.07, 31 march 2021: 277.71 item: rent, 31 march 2022: 88.18, 31 march 2021: 47.67 item: insurance, 31 march 2022: 1,024.73, 31 march 2021: 770.65 item: donations, 31 march 2022: 2.13, 31 march 2021: 300.10 item: csr expenditure, 31 march 2022: 268.67, 31 march 2021: 201.08 item: advertisement and business promotion, 31 march 2022: 270.03, 31 march 2021: 115.16 item: communication expenses, 31 march 2022: 92.22, 31 march 2021: 100.80 item: printing and stationary, 31 march 2022: 30.35, 31 march 2021: 29.20 item: office maintenance, 31 march 2022: 151.77, 31 march 2021: 94.36 item: membership & subscription, 31 march 2022: 31.43, 31 march 2021: 23.17 item: bad debts / advances written off, 31 march 2022: 430.25, 31 march 2021: 71.60 item: provision for doubtful trade receivables and advances, 31 march 2022: 951.69, 31 march 2021: 4,391.95 item: payment to auditors refer details below , 31 march 2022: 108.40, 31 march 2021: 108.03 item: miscellaneous expenses, 31 march 2022: 80.28, 31 march 2021: 194.54 item: total , 31 march 2022: 22,954.78, 31 march 2021: 21,776.13 table end.
c amount spent during the year ending on 31 march 2022 : i construction/acquisition of any asset, in cash: -, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: - : ii on purposes other than i above, in cash: 268.67, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: 268.67 table end.
d amount spent during the year ending on 31 march 2021 : i construction/acquisition of any asset, in cash: -, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: - : ii on purposes other than i above, in cash: 201.08, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: 201.08 table end.
e details related to spent / unspent obligations: i contribution to public trust ii contribution to charitable trust iii unspent amount in relation to: - ongoing project - other than ongoing project 26. components of other comprehensive income the disaggregation of changes to oci by each type of reserve in equity is shown below: table: components of other comprehensive income item: items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss item: re-measurement gains/ losses on defined benefit plans, 31 march 2022: 62.37 , 31 march 2021: 61.56 item: deferred tax on remeasured loss /gain, 31 march 2022: 18.16, 31 march 2021: 17.93 item: total , 31 march 2022: 44.21 , 31 march 2021: 43.63 table end.
27. income tax the major components of income tax expenses for the year ended 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 are as follows: table: income tax expenses item: profit or loss section item: current tax expense, 31 march 2022: 1,259.44, 31 march 2021: 1,464.24 item: adjustment of tax relating to earlier periods, 31 march 2022: 2,182.86 , 31 march 2021: 113.09 item: mat credit entitlement of previous years, 31 march 2022: 3,166.28 , 31 march 2021: - item: less: mat credit entitlement, 31 march 2022: 990.12 , 31 march 2021: 412.34 item: deferred tax, 31 march 2022: 7,180.41, 31 march 2021: 10.22 item: total income tax expense recognised in statement of profit & loss , 31 march 2022: 2,100.59, 31 march 2021: 1,154.77 item: oci section item: tax effect on remeasurement of defined benefit plans, 31 march 2022: 18.16 , 31 march 2021: 17.93 item: income tax charged to oci, 31 march 2022: 18.16 , 31 march 2021: 17.93 table end.
i payment to auditors including indirect taxes as applicable item: as auditor: item: audit fee, 31 march 2022: 97.00, 31 march 2021: 105.00 item: other services certification fees , 31 march 2022: 10.00, 31 march 2021: 10.00 item: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: 1.40, 31 march 2021: 6.97 item: total , 31 march 2022: 108.40, 31 march 2021: 108.03 table end.
ii details of csr expenditure item: a gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year, 31 march 2022: 132.42, 31 march 2021: 175.95 item: b amount approved by the board to be spent during the year, 31 march 2022: 268.67, 31 march 2021: 201.08 table end.
there are no footnotes in the provided image.
notes to financial statements year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by india's domestic tax rate for 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021: particulars: accounting profit before tax, 31 march 2022: 6,905.79, 31 march 2021: 5,348.71 particulars: at india's statutory income tax rate of 33.38% 31 march 2021: 29.12% , 31 march 2022: 2,305.15, 31 march 2021: 1,557.54 particulars: adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years, 31 march 2022: 5,349.14 , 31 march 2021: 113.09 particulars: adjustments particulars: items which are not tax deductible for computing taxable income, 31 march 2022: 44.84, 31 march 2021: 29.28 particulars: effect of change in income tax rate for deferred tax recognised, 31 march 2022: 95.80, 31 march 2021: 213.01 particulars: effect of items which are not taxable for computing taxable income, 31 march 2022: 983.03 , 31 march 2021: 287.54 particulars: items on which deferred tax not created in earlier years, 31 march 2022: 5,915.50, 31 march 2021: 41.38 particulars: effect of items which are disallowed in earlier years but allowed in current year, 31 march 2022: 183.59, 31 march 2021: - particulars: others, 31 march 2022: 112.12 , 31 march 2021: 85.98 particulars: income tax expense reported in the statement of profit and loss , 31 march 2022: 2,100.59, 31 march 2021: 1,154.77 particulars: deferred tax particulars: deferred tax assets net , 31 march 2022: 5,926.34 , 31 march 2021: 1,235.91 particulars: mat credit entitlement, 31 march 2022: 5,447.56, 31 march 2021: 1,291.16 particulars: deferred tax asset net , 31 march 2022: 478.78 , 31 march 2021: 2,527.07 table end.
deferred tax liabilities /assets 2020-21 and 2021-22 table: deferred tax reconciliation year: 2020-21, opening balance: 878.82, recognized in profit or loss: 412.34, recognized in other comprehensive income: -, mat credit availed/ utilization : -, closing balance: 1,291.16 year: 2021-22, opening balance: 1,291.16, recognized in profit or loss: 4,156.40, recognized in other comprehensive income: 18.16, mat credit availed/ utilization : 5,447.56, closing balance: 478.78 table end.
timing difference on: 2020-21: property, plant and equipment: 1,722.63 193.84 disallowances under income tax act, 1961, allowed on payment basis: 106.35 264.63 provision for doubtful debts and advances: 1,165.43 590.80 provision for post closure, capping and employee benefits: 1,866.00 618.00 other liabilities: 50.09 5.56 remeasurement of defined benefit plans: 37.31 17.93 others: 27.81 27.81 2021-22: property, plant and equipment: 1,528.79 30.61 disallowances under income tax act, 1961, allowed on payment basis: 370.98 56.87 provision for doubtful debts and advances: 1,756.23 174.91 provision for post closure, capping and employee benefits: 2,484.00 7,181.00 other liabilities: 44.53 261.80 remeasurement of defined benefit plans: 19.38 18.16 others: 2,527.07 7,180.41 28. earnings per share basic eps amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
diluted eps amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the parent after adjusting for interest on the convertible preference shares by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.
table: income and share data used in basic and diluted eps computations : profit for the year, 31 march 2022: 4,805.20, 31 march 2021: 4,193.94 : weighted average number of equity shares in calculating basic eps lakhs , 31 march 2022: 41.77, 31 march 2021: 41.77 : weighted average number of equity shares in calculating diluted eps lakhs , 31 march 2022: 43.08, 31 march 2021: 42.98 : earnings per equity share of face value of rs.10 each, 31 march 2022: 115.04, 31 march 2021: 100.41 : basic earnings per share, 31 march 2022: 111.55, 31 march 2021: 97.58 table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 29. significant accounting judgement, estimates and assumptions the preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future years.
judgements in the process of applying the company's accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.
a. revenue from contracts with customers the company provides waste management services to its customers and has certain performance obligations attached to their services such as capping and post-closure obligations.
the company believes that these obligations are not separate performance obligations as they are required to be performed due to laws governing waste management and are not capable of being distinct from the waste management service.
b. recognition of concession agreement as an intangible asset and financial asset i basis of accounting for the service concession management has assessed the applicability of appendix c to ind as 115 "service concession arrangements" to the concession agreement and hence has applied it in accounting for the concession.
as per the agreement with the municipal authorities, the construction and operations of the facility shall be recovered by the company in the form of tipping fees received from municipal authorities intangible asset . disclosures for service concession arrangement as prescribed under appendix d to ind as 115. disclosure have been incorporated into the financial statements.
ii significant assumptions in accounting for the intangible asset the company has recognised intangible asset with a construction margin based on sensitivity analysis of companies with business in similar waste management activities.
c. leases ind as 116 the company determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised.
the company has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options.
the company applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease.
that is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination.
after the commencement date, the company reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate e.grams., construction of significant leasehold improvements or significant customisation to the leased asset . notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated the company included the renewal period as part of the lease term for leases of building with shorter non-cancellable period.
the company typically exercises its option to renew for these leases because there will be a significant negative effect on production if a replacement asset is not readily available.
the renewal periods for leases of building with longer non-cancellable periods are not included as part of the lease term as these are not reasonably certain to be exercised.
furthermore, the periods covered by termination options are included as part of the lease term only when they are reasonably certain not to be exercised.
refer to note 3e for information on potential future rental payments relating to periods following the exercise date of extension and termination options that are not included in the lease term.
estimates and assumptions the key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.
the company based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the financial statements were prepared.
existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the company.
such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
i provision for capping and post closure provision for capping requires an evaluation of the cost of protective capping of the active landfills in which waste is dumped.
the provision recorded in the statement of financial statement at year-end is derived on the basis of estimated cost for capping the landfill, proportionate to the capacity of landfill utilised till the end of the year.
the significant estimates involved include capping cost in respect of the total expected waste capacity of the landfill that requires, the time period during which these cost would actually be paid, inflation rate and the discount rate applied.
further, to ensure that there is no negative impact on the environment due to waste disposal, the company is required to perform certain post-closure monitoring activities for a period ranging from 15-25 years after the estimated operating period 15-25 years . the provision for post-closure monitoring at the end of each year is calculated based on the estimated aggregate costs to be incurred during the post-closure period proportionate to the capacity of site utilized till the end of the year.
the significant estimates involved include post-monitoring cost in respect of the total expected waste during the operating period, the time period during which these cost would actually be paid, inflation rate and the discount rate applied.
the estimates for projected capping and post-closure monitoring are developed using inputs from the company's engineers, accountants and are reviewed by management at regular intervals.
ii estimates related to service concession arrangement the company has recognised construction margin on intangible assets under service concession arrangement based on sensitivity analysis of similar contracts.
the company has estimated provision for replacement using assumptions which include the cost to be incurred for replacing assets, their useful life, inflation rate, discount rate etc., and are reviewed by management at regular intervals.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated iii estimates of outcomes of indemnity events the company has estimated the outcomes of each of the indemnity events specified in sspa taking into account the probability of their occurrence and underlying factors.
iv fair value measurement of financial instruments when the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using valuation techniques including the dcf model.
the inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values.
judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility.
changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments.
v share-based payments estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions requires determination of the most appropriate valuation model, which is dependent on the terms and conditions of the grant.
this estimate also requires determination of the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the share option, volatility and dividend yield and making assumptions about them.
for the measurement of the fair value of equity-settled transactions with employees at the grant date, the company uses black scholes option valuation model for time based options and binomial option model for performance based options.
the assumptions and models used for estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions are disclosed in note 30a.
30. gratuity and other post-employment benefit plans a defined contribution plan the following amount recognised as an expense in statement of profit and loss on account of provident fund and other funds.
there are no other obligations other than the contribution payable to the respective authorities.
table: defined contribution plan expenses year: 31 march 2022, amount in lakhs : 358.67 year: 31 march 2021, amount in lakhs : 328.51 table end.
b defined benefit plan the company has a defined benefit gratuity plan.
every employee who has completed five years or more of continuous service gets a gratuity on retirement at 15 days last drawn basic salary for each completed year of service.
the scheme is funded with an insurance company in the form of a qualifying insurance policy.
the following table summarizes the components of net benefit expense recognized in the statement of profit and loss and the funded status and amounts recognized in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan: table: defined benefit plan summary item: statement of profit and loss item: net employee benefit expense, 31 march 2022: 110.64, 31 march 2021: 107.62 item: current service cost, 31 march 2022: 90.27, 31 march 2021: 88.54 item: past service cost, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: interest cost on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 30.94, 31 march 2021: 29.48 item: return on plan assets interest income , 31 march 2022: 10.56 , 31 march 2021: 10.40 item: re-measurement during the period/year due to: item: actuarial loss/ gain from change in financial assumptions, 31 march 2022: 12.95 , 31 march 2021: 0.14 item: actuarial gain /loss from change in demographic assumptions, 31 march 2022: 0.83 , 31 march 2021: 5.88 item: actuarial gain /loss arising on account of experience changes, 31 march 2022: 79.84, 31 march 2021: 57.54 item: return on plan assets excluding interest income, 31 march 2022: 3.70 , 31 march 2021: 1.72 item: amount recognised in oci outside profit and loss statement , 31 march 2022: 62.37, 31 march 2021: 61.56 item: balance sheet item: closing present value of defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 622.52, 31 march 2021: 481.47 item: closing fair value of plan assets, 31 march 2022: 169.83, 31 march 2021: 156.50 item: closing net defined benefit liability, 31 march 2022: 452.69, 31 march 2021: 324.97 item: changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows: item: opening defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 481.47, 31 march 2021: 445.57 item: current service cost, 31 march 2022: 90.27, 31 march 2021: 88.54 item: past service cost, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: interest cost, 31 march 2022: 30.94, 31 march 2021: 29.48 item: re measurement during the period due to: item: actuarial loss/ gain from change in financial assumptions, 31 march 2022: 12.95 , 31 march 2021: 0.14 item: actuarial gain /loss from change in demographic assumptions, 31 march 2022: 0.83 , 31 march 2021: 5.88 item: actuarial gain arising on account of experience changes, 31 march 2022: 79.84, 31 march 2021: 57.54 item: benefits paid, 31 march 2022: 46.22 , 31 march 2021: 18.84 item: closing fair value of plan assets, 31 march 2022: 169.83, 31 march 2021: 156.50 table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated the principal assumptions used in determining gratuity benefit obligation for the company's plans are shown below: item: discount rate p.a. , 31 march 2022: 7.34%, 31 march 2021: 6.75% item: salary escalation rate p.a. , 31 march 2022: 8.00%, 31 march 2021: 8.00% item: mortality rate, 31 march 2022: 100.00%, 31 march 2021: 100.00% item: disability rate, 31 march 2022: 0.00%, 31 march 2021: 0.00% item: withdrawal rate, 31 march 2022: 23.70%, 31 march 2021: 23.22% item: normal retirement age in years , 31 march 2022: 60.00, 31 march 2021: 60.00 item: adjusted average future service, 31 march 2022: 21.42, 31 march 2021: 11.72 table end.
a quantitative analysis for significant assumptions is as shown below: assumptions: discount rate assumptions: impact of increase in 100 basis points on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 601.93, 31 march 2021: 467.85 assumptions: impact of decrease in 100 basis points on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 644.85, 31 march 2021: 496.29 assumptions: salary escalation rate assumptions: impact of increase in 100 basis points on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 645.00, 31 march 2021: 497.19 assumptions: impact of decrease in 100 basis points on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 601.28, 31 march 2021: 466.54 assumptions: withdrawal rates assumptions: impact of increase in 100 basis points on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 620.84, 31 march 2021: 479.60 assumptions: impact of decrease in 100 basis points on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 624.26, 31 march 2021: 483.40 table end.
the estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
the following payments are expected contributions to the defined benefit plan in future years: expected future benefit payments: within the next 12 months next annual reporting period , 31 march 2022: 167.44, 31 march 2021: 198.02 expected future benefit payments: between 2 and 5 years, 31 march 2022: 349.96, 31 march 2021: 209.58 expected future benefit payments: between 6 and 10 years, 31 march 2022: 216.02, 31 march 2021: 135.32 expected future benefit payments: total expected payments , 31 march 2022: 733.42 , 31 march 2021: 542.92 table end.
the weighted average duration of the defined benefit plan obligation at the end of the reporting period based on discounted cash flows is 4.31 31 march 2021: 4.89 years.
31. share-based payments share option plan for key employees under the 2019 share option plan for key employees, the management has authorised the nomination and remuneration committee to grant share options to directors and certain identified eligible employees of the company and its subsidiaries.
this scheme is further divided into plan i and plan ii.
plan i a. time based vesting for 40% of the total options with 20% options vesting each year for 5 years - on 01 may 2020 for the first tranche 20% of the time options , and subsequently, on april 1st each year, for the remaining four tranches of 20% of the time options.
b. performance based vesting for 60% of the total options and 20% of such options vest each year over 5 years on achievement of agreed profit before tax “pbt” performance of the company, on a consolidated basis, with opportunity to catch up in 2 two subsequent years, if the performance target is not met in any given year.
in all cases, no option will vest prior to i the first anniversary of the grant date or ii 01 may 2020, whichever is later.
plan ii the share options under plan ii shall vest on the completion of 1 one year from the grant date.
the fair value of share options granted is estimated at the date of grant date using black scholes option valuation model for time based options and binomial option model for performance based options, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted.
however, the above performance condition is only considered in determining the number of instruments that will ultimately vest.
exercise price per share of an option under plan ii shall mean the face value of the shares on the grant date.
the contractual term of the share options is five years and there are no cash settlement alternatives for the employees.
the expense recognised for employee services received during the year is shown in the following table: particulars: expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions, 31 march 2022: 304.22, 31 march 2021: 480.80 particulars: total , 31 march 2022: 304.22 , 31 march 2021: 480.80 table end.
there were no cancellations or modifications to the options awarded in current year.
there are no footnotes in the provided image.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated movements during the year the following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices waep of, and movements in, share options during the year: plan i 31 march 2022: number, 31 march 2022: waep, 31 march 2021: number, 31 march 2021: waep, 31 march 2021: number, 31 march 2021: waep, 31 march 2021: number particulars: outstanding at the beginning of the financial year, 31 march 2022: 66,890.00, 31 march 2022: 0.14, 31 march 2021: 66,255.00, 31 march 2021: 0.14, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: granted during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2,080.00, 31 march 2021: 0.14, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: forfeited during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,445.00 , 31 march 2021: 0.14, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: exercised during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: expired during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: outstanding at the end of financial year, 31 march 2022: 66,890.00, 31 march 2022: 0.14, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: exercisable at year end date, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - table end.
nil due to rounding off to nearest lakhs the weighted average remaining contractual life for the share options outstanding as at 31 march 2022 was 3 years 31 march 2021: 4 years . the weighted average fair value of options granted during the year was rs.
0.12 31 march 2021: inr 0.12 . the following tables list the inputs to the models used for plan i for the years ended 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021, respectively: 31 march 2022: plan i, 31 march 2022: plan i, 31 march 2022: plan i, 31 march 2021: plan i, 31 march 2021: plan i, 31 march 2021: plan i, 31 march 2021: plan i, 31 march 2021: plan i 31 march 2022: tranche 1 , 31 march 2022: tranche 2 , 31 march 2022: tranche 3 , 31 march 2021: tranche 1 and 2 , 31 march 2021: tranche 3 , 31 march 2021: tranche 1 , 31 march 2021: tranche 2 , 31 march 2021: performance based 31 march 2022: 1 -time based, 31 march 2022: 2 -time based, 31 march 2022: performance based , 31 march 2021: performance based , 31 march 2021: performance based , 31 march 2021: 1 -time based, 31 march 2021: 2 -time based particulars: dividend yield % , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: expected volatility % , 31 march 2022: 37.5%, 31 march 2022: 36.50%, 31 march 2022: 44.60%, 31 march 2021: 37.50%, 31 march 2021: 44.60%, 31 march 2021: 37.5%, 31 march 2021: 36.50%, 31 march 2021: 37.50% particulars: risk-free interest rate % , 31 march 2022: 7.20%, 31 march 2022: 6.10%, 31 march 2022: 4.80%, 31 march 2021: 7.20%, 31 march 2021: 4.80%, 31 march 2021: 7.20%, 31 march 2021: 6.10%, 31 march 2021: 7.20% particulars: expected life of share options/sars years , 31 march 2022: 5.00, 31 march 2022: 4.50, 31 march 2022: 3.5, 31 march 2021: 5.00, 31 march 2021: 3.5, 31 march 2021: 5.00, 31 march 2021: 4.50, 31 march 2021: 5.00 particulars: weighted average share price inr , 31 march 2022: 0.05, 31 march 2022: 0.06, 31 march 2022: 0.03, 31 march 2021: 0.05, 31 march 2021: 0.03, 31 march 2021: 0.05, 31 march 2021: 0.06, 31 march 2021: 0.05 particulars: model used, 31 march 2022: black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2022: black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2022: black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2021: black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2021: black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2021: black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2021: black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2021: binomial option-pricing model table end.
plan ii the following tables list the inputs to the models used for plan ii for the years ended 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021, respectively: 31 march 2022: plan ii, 31 march 2021: plan ii particulars: dividend yield % , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - particulars: expected volatility % , 31 march 2022: 37.50%, 31 march 2021: 37.50% particulars: risk-free interest rate % , 31 march 2022: 7.20%, 31 march 2021: 7.20% particulars: expected life of share options/sars years , 31 march 2022: 5.00, 31 march 2021: 5.00 particulars: weighted average share price inr , 31 march 2022: 0.12, 31 march 2021: 0.12 particulars: model used, 31 march 2022: black-scholes option-pricing, 31 march 2021: black-scholes option-pricing table end.
32. commitments & contingent liabilities a commitments i estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for net of advances ii company has an approval to invest to the extent of rs.84,477.19 py 11,975.47 towards investments in companies.
the same will be infused as and when required for the subsidiaries b contingent liabilities performance guarantees issued by banks: 31 march 2022: 1,973.73, 31 march 2021: 5,656.74 table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated : on behalf of the subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries and an associate, 31 march 2022: 13,612.45, 31 march 2021: 11,601.61 : corporate guarantees to banks against credit facilities extended to: : subsidiaries, step-down subsidiary and jointly controlled entity, 31 march 2022: 79,969.12, 31 march 2021: 42,154.03 : c claims against the company not acknowledged as debts in respect of: : sales tax matters, 31 march 2022: 531.00, 31 march 2021: 527.65 : income tax matters , 31 march 2022: 199.67, 31 march 2021: 206.33 : other matters, 31 march 2022: 318.42, 31 march 2021: 789.84 table end.
excluding interest not ascertainable from the date of order, if any.
during the previous year, the company had received a draft order passed pertaining to fy 2016-17, making adjustments aggregating to inr 961.21 over the returned income.
the company has filed objections before drp against the draft order.
based on internal assessment, considering the nature of additions and judicial precedence, the company envisage a financial impact of inr 113.10 by way of probable tax liability on the adjustments made.
accordingly the company has made a provision of inr 113.10 in the books of accounts.
33. related party transactions a. nature of relationship and names of related parties nature of relationship: i holding company, name of related parties: metropolis investments holdings pte limited nature of relationship: ii subsidiary companies, name of related parties: re sustainability iwm solutions limited formerly tamilnadu waste management limited west bengal waste management limited mumbai waste management limited ramky reclamation and recycling limited merged with ramky reclamation and recycling private limited ramky e-waste management limited merged with ramky reclamation and recycling private limited ramky international singapore pte limited re sustainability urban solutions private limited formerly known as ramky msw private limited ramky iwm private limited visakha solvents limited hyderabad integrated msw limited delhi msw solutions limited b & g solar private limited upto 20 october 2021 hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited maridi bio industries private limited pithampur industrial waste management private limited re sustainability solutions private limited formerly known as ramky enviro services private limited chhattisgarh energy consortium india private limited refer note 40 table end.
name of related parties: ramky enviro engineers middle east fz llc chennai msw private limited re sustainability & recycling private limited formerly known as jodhpur msw private limited dehradun waste management private limited adityapur waste management private limited rewa msw holdings limited pro enviro recycling private limited saagar msw solutions private limited katni msw management private limited deccan recyclers private limited merged with ramky reclamation and recycling private limited hyderabad c&d waste private limited bio medical waste treatment plant private limited delhi cleantech services private limited merged with ramky reclamation and recycling private limited rewa msw management solutions limited rewa waste 2 energy project limited re sustainability healthcare solutions limited formerly known as ramky energy and environment limited ramky international india pte limited ramky cleantech services pte limited ramky cleantech services philippines pte limited ramky cleantech services china pte limited rvac private limited ramky environmental technology shenzhen co.
limited pt ramky indonesia medicare environmental management private limited pro enviro c&d waste management private limited ramky arm recycling private limited dhanbad integrated msw limited chennai enviro solutions private limited w.e.f 04 december,2020 ramky-royal building maintenance and services inc dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited rewa msw energy solutions private limited dundigal waste 2 energy private limited alliance envirocare company private limited ramky enviro engineers bangladesh limited ramky north america llc nature environmental & marine services llc ip msw solutions limited kesda waste management limited table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated nature of relationship iii jointly controlled entity iv associates v entities controlled by persons having control / significant influence over company vi promoter/relatives of promoters vii key management person name of related parties al ahlia environmental services co llc, oman vilholi waste management system private limited up to 27 may 2020 ramky- al-turki environmental services company limited formerly known as ramky risal environmental services saudi arabia limited al ahlia waste treatment llc farz llc ramky infrastructure limited ramky estates and farms limited ramky pharma city india limited ramky towers limited ramky foundation smilax laboratories limited frank lloyd tech management services limited oxford ayyappa consulting services india private limited abhiram infra projects private limited madhya pradesh waste management private limited kkr capstone india operations advisory private limited alla ayodhya rami reddy alla dakshayani alla dasaratha rami reddy alla veeraraghavamma alla sharan alla ishaan m. goutham reddy masood alam mallick w.e.f 24 august 2022 anil khandelwal upto 14 august 2022 pankaj maharaj w.e.f 24 august 2022 narayan keelveedhi seshadri shantharaju bangalore siddaiah hwee hua lim rohan rakesh suri w.e.f 15 september 2021 vaishali nigam sinha w.e.f 04 february 2021 govind singh oxford ayyappa consulting services india private limited r.k. ventures maridi eco industries private limited w.e.f 29 january 2019 holding through subsidiary companies the company holds 49% shareholding through delhi msw solutions limited and exercises control over the board, accordingly the entity is considered as subsidiary.
b. transactions with the related parties during the year table: transactions with related parties related party: re sustainability iwm solutions limited formerly tamilnadu waste management limited , nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 1,755.77, 31 march 2021: 554.23 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 2,012.90, 31 march 2021: 881.48 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 69.72, 31 march 2021: 22.67 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 269.25, 31 march 2021: 125.26 nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 2.28, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 152.85, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: employee stock options expense, 31 march 2022: 0.71, 31 march 2021: 1.17 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee given, 31 march 2022: 129.90, 31 march 2021: - related party: west bengal waste management limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 188.99, 31 march 2021: 210.96 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 296.95, 31 march 2021: 495.00 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 10.94, 31 march 2021: 12.20 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 106.58, 31 march 2021: 46.62 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee cancelled , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 44.14 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 24.10, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: financial guarantee premium, 31 march 2022: 0.59, 31 march 2021: 0.59 related party: mumbai waste management limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 159.01, 31 march 2021: 1,645.20 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 165.21, 31 march 2021: 1,951.53 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 5.08, 31 march 2021: 38.17 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 260.86, 31 march 2021: 19.00 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 40.31, 31 march 2021: 4.85 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee cancelled /given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 7.70 nature of transaction: financial guarantee premium, 31 march 2022: 0.21, 31 march 2021: 0.23 nature of transaction: employee stock options expense, 31 march 2022: 4.45, 31 march 2021: 7.28 related party: re sustainability healthcare solutions limited formerly known as ramky energy and environment limited , nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 28.02, 31 march 2021: 20.38 table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: financial transactions 2022 vs 2021 entity: ramky reclamation and recycling limited, nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 1.08, 31 march 2021: 0.35 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1.76 nature of transaction: employee stock options expense, 31 march 2022: 1.78, 31 march 2021: 2.91 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 65.36, 31 march 2021: 100.98 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 92.45, 31 march 2021: 161.90 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 2.27, 31 march 2021: 5.74 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1531.25 entity: ramky international singapore pte limited, nature of transaction: redemption of perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 154.77 nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 9.33 nature of transaction: performance guarantee cancelled , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 50.00 nature of transaction: employee stock options expense, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 18.62 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1495.28 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 74.47 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 54.67, 31 march 2021: 18.81 entity: re sustainability urban solutions private limited formerly known as ramky msw private limited , nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 50.00, 31 march 2021: 150.00 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 4.75, 31 march 2021: 10.82 entity: ramky iwm private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 295.99, 31 march 2021: 0.19 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 300.71, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 22.66, 31 march 2021: 0.77 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 4200.00 nature of transaction: redemption of perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 465.00, 31 march 2021: - entity: visakha solvents limited, nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 0.99, 31 march 2021: 2.58 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 175.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 17.89, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.27 entity: hyderabad integrated msw limited, nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 72.98, 31 march 2021: 249.42 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 9416.38, 31 march 2021: 6183.56 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 5497.60, 31 march 2021: 4114.17 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 491.71, 31 march 2021: 198.37 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee given/ cancelled , 31 march 2022: 26562.00, 31 march 2021: - entity: delhi msw solutions limited, nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 133.85, 31 march 2021: 233.03 nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 2.91, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 1308.69, 31 march 2021: 2664.34 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 1000.06, 31 march 2021: 7725.00 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 540.99, 31 march 2021: 755.81 nature of transaction: unwinding of interest income, 31 march 2022: 242.18, 31 march 2021: 285.08 nature of transaction: performance guarantees cancelled , 31 march 2022: 120.00 , 31 march 2021: 538.75 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee cancelled , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1536.86 entity: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited, nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 510.00, 31 march 2021: 38.76 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 0.06 , 31 march 2021: 2.58 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 9288.10, 31 march 2021: 5208.47 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 10325.97, 31 march 2021: 3580.51 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 242.79, 31 march 2021: 243.44 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 194.93 nature of transaction: redemption of perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 24646.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 45.40, 31 march 2021: 55.60 table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: notes to financial statements - part 1 company name: maridi bio industries private limited, nature of transaction: employee stock options expense, 31 march 2022: 1.78, 31 march 2021: 2.91 nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 379.26, 31 march 2021: 197.13 nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 1.20, 31 march 2021: 0.43 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1.43 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 278.98, 31 march 2021: 356.33 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 670.00, 31 march 2021: 682.00 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 22.61, 31 march 2021: 56.88 company name: pithampur industrial waste management private limited, nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.65 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 1,069.87, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 959.40, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 10.13, 31 march 2021: - company name: re sustainability solutions private limited formerly known as ramky enviro services private limited , nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 89.22, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 2.50, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 0.84, 31 march 2021: 1.42 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 143.73, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 5,514.82, 31 march 2021: 4,415.14 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 8,315.54, 31 march 2021: 2,283.14 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 316.73, 31 march 2021: 91.89 company name: delhi cleantech services private limited, nature of transaction: performance guarantees cancelled / given, 31 march 2022: 954.06 , 31 march 2021: 4,855.26 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 5.19 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.61 company name: ramky enviro engineers middle east fz llc, nature of transaction: investment in equity shares conversion of share application money , 31 march 2022: 1,383.44 , 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1,383.44, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,135.44 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 1,033.35, 31 march 2021: 1,812.72 table end.
table: notes to financial statements - part 2 company name: ramky cleantech services pte limited, nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 67.66, 31 march 2021: 204.42 nature of transaction: employee stock options expense, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 19.42 company name: chennai msw private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 1,477.21, 31 march 2021: 4,359.08 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 1,960.89, 31 march 2021: 4,172.65 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 103.73, 31 march 2021: 61.99 company name: pro enviro recycling private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 0.69, 31 march 2021: 1.89 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 19.41, 31 march 2021: 17.63 company name: al ahlia environmental services co llc, nature of transaction: corporate guarantee given, 31 march 2022: 2,307.98, 31 march 2021: - company name: ramky infrastructure limited, nature of transaction: purchase of sap licences, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 124.80 nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 1,398.11, 31 march 2021: 1,228.28 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 16.53, 31 march 2021: 30.26 company name: ramky pharma city india limited, nature of transaction: operational expenses, 31 march 2022: 25.75, 31 march 2021: 285.50 nature of transaction: power and fuel expenses, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 32.93 nature of transaction: water charges, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 16.58 nature of transaction: lease rentals, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 6.70 nature of transaction: property tax expense, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 41.72 company name: smilax laboratories limited, nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 44.83, 31 march 2021: 39.75 nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.29 company name: ramky foundation, nature of transaction: csr expenditure, 31 march 2022: 258.00, 31 march 2021: 190.00 company name: ramky reclamation and recycling private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 88.87, 31 march 2021: 2.66 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 99.00, 31 march 2021: - table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: financial statement notes - 31 march 2022 vs 31 march 2021 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 26.76, 31 march 2021: 17.71 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 3,540.98, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: redemption of perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 6,504.15, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 198.32, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 7.28, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 13.61, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: employee stock options, 31 march 2022: 11.37, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 41.97, 31 march 2021: 220.47 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 125.00, 31 march 2021: 0.50 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 1.93, 31 march 2021: 0.45 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 251.82, 31 march 2021: 308.71 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 180.00, 31 march 2021: 370.00 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 15.45, 31 march 2021: 7.34 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 0.59, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: financial guarantee premium cancelled , 31 march 2022: 0.03, 31 march 2021: 2.44 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 231.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 102.54, 31 march 2021: 684.02 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 0.61, 31 march 2021: 5.86 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 200.00, 31 march 2021: 523.39 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 10.46, 31 march 2021: 12.37 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 0.72, 31 march 2021: 0.56 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 29.05 nature of transaction: financial guarantee premium, 31 march 2022: 0.08, 31 march 2021: 0.08 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 350.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: corporate guarantee cancelled /given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2.69 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 263.35, 31 march 2021: 967.25 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 276.40, 31 march 2021: 2,884.79 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 0.85, 31 march 2021: 2.38 table end.
note: the provided image contains two identical tables.
this markdown only includes one for clarity.
the image also includes company names associated with specific financial transactions.
due to the complexity of representing this information concisely in a markdown table without additional structuring, this data has been omitted from the table above.
the company names are present in the original ocr text if needed.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: notes to financial statements - part 1 item number: xxxvii, company name: ramky arm recycling private limited, nature of transaction: dividend income received, 31 march 2022: 1.28, 31 march 2021: 1.28 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 184.29, 31 march 2021: 63.68 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 257.03, 31 march 2021: 7.21 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 9.34, 31 march 2021: 1.62 nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses taken, 31 march 2022: 20.32, 31 march 2021: - item number: xxxviii, company name: madhya pradesh waste management private limited, nature of transaction: rent expense, 31 march 2022: 56.40, 31 march 2021: 56.40 item number: xxxix, company name: pro enviro c&d waste management pvt limited, nature of transaction: repairs & maintenance - buildings, 31 march 2022: 45.75, 31 march 2021: 45.80 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 199.05, 31 march 2021: 82.34 nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 18.00, 31 march 2021: 0.08 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 100.00, 31 march 2021: - item number: xl, company name: dhanbad integrated msw limited., nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 23.06, 31 march 2021: 1.53 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 586.67, 31 march 2021: 977.83 item number: xli, company name: rewa msw holding private limited., nature of transaction: redemption of perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 3,100.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: expenses incurred on behalf of the company, 31 march 2022: 0.33, 31 march 2021: 4.54 item number: xlii, company name: rewa waste 2 energy project limited., nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 48.40 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 31.97, 31 march 2021: 390.57 item number: xliii, company name: chennai enviro solutions private limited, nature of transaction: refund of inter corporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: 325.00, 31 march 2021: 400.00 nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 21.42, 31 march 2021: 23.68 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 45.00 item number: xliv, company name: bio medical waste treatment plant pvt limited, nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 0.61, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 4.47, 31 march 2021: 4.48 item number: xlv, company name: kkr capstone india operations advisory private, nature of transaction: consultancy charges, 31 march 2022: 322.18, 31 march 2021: 323.81 company name: limited table end.
table: notes to financial statements - part 2 item number: xlvi, company name: alliance envirocare company private limited, nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 8.56, 31 march 2021: 8.29 nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy services, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.09 item number: xlvii, company name: ramky enviro engineers - bangladesh, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 22.77, 31 march 2021: - item number: xlviii, company name: kesda waste management limited, nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 1.17, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 0.90, 31 march 2021: - item number: xlix, company name: ip msw solutions limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 116.85, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: interest income on inter corporate deposit, 31 march 2022: 0.40, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 350.00, 31 march 2021: - item number: l, company name: rewa msw energy solutions limited, nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 2,614.03, 31 march 2021: - item number: li, company name: dundigal waste 2 energy pvt limited, nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 7,262.82, 31 march 2021: - item number: lii, company name: dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited, nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: 0.26, 31 march 2021: - item number: liii, company name: alla dakshayani, nature of transaction: rent expense, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 169.05 item number: lviii, company name: m. goutham reddy, nature of transaction: remuneration , 31 march 2022: 253.12, 31 march 2021: 315.49 item number: liv, company name: masood alam mallick, nature of transaction: remuneration , 31 march 2022: 438.59, 31 march 2021: 510.59 item number: lv, company name: anil khandelwal, nature of transaction: remuneration , 31 march 2022: 343.27, 31 march 2021: 389.00 item number: lvi, company name: shantharaju bangalore siddaiah, nature of transaction: sitting fee , 31 march 2022: 49.00, 31 march 2021: 57.00 item number: lvii, company name: narayan keelveedhi seshadri, nature of transaction: sitting fee , 31 march 2022: 52.00, 31 march 2021: 50.00 item number: lviii, company name: hwee hua lim, nature of transaction: sitting fee , 31 march 2022: 49.00, 31 march 2021: 41.00 item number: lix, company name: vaishali nigam sinha, nature of transaction: sitting fee , 31 march 2022: 14.00, 31 march 2021: 2.00 item number: lx, company name: govind singh, nature of transaction: remuneration , 31 march 2022: 18.15, 31 march 2021: 15.01 table end.
notes: includes esop expense for the year amounting to rs.
240. 37 31 march 2021: 393.79 to m.goutham reddy: rs.
107.46 31 march 2021: rs.
176.05 , masood alam mallick:rs.75.76 31 march 2021:rs.
124.12 , anil khandelwal: rs.56.43 31 march 2021: rs.92.45 and govind singh:rs.
0.72 31 march 2021: rs.1.17 . amounts paid during the year pertaining to the respective years sitting fee and respective previous years commission.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated c balance outstanding at the end of the year table: balance outstanding at the end of the year entity: i re sustainability iwm solutions limited , nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 75.54, 31 march 2021: 269.92 nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 2.72, 31 march 2021: 15.21 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1,666.48, 31 march 2021: 1,665.77 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 252.85, 31 march 2021: 100.00 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee, 31 march 2022: 129.90, 31 march 2021: - entity: ii west bengal waste management limited , nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 18.65, 31 march 2021: 116.75 nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 1.68, 31 march 2021: 0.26 entity: iii mumbai waste management limited , nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 49.95, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 52.24, 31 march 2021: 28.14 nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: 49.95, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: corporate guarantee, 31 march 2022: 300.00, 31 march 2021: 300.00 nature of transaction: investment in preference shares, 31 march 2022: 1,578.00, 31 march 2021: 1,578.00 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1,198.51, 31 march 2021: 1,198.51 nature of transaction: deferred income, 31 march 2022: 0.28, 31 march 2021: 0.87 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 63.55, 31 march 2021: 65.39 entity: iv ramky energy and environment limited , nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 0.93, 31 march 2021: 25.60 nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 18.86, 31 march 2021: 8.08 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 58.67, 31 march 2021: 18.35 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee, 31 march 2022: 109.00, 31 march 2021: 109.00 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 583.47, 31 march 2021: 579.02 nature of transaction: deferred income, 31 march 2022: 0.43, 31 march 2021: 7.29 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 15.74, 31 march 2021: 40.79 entity: v ramky reclamation and recycling limited , nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 51.31 nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 2.71, 31 march 2021: 2.68 nature of transaction: receivable on account of slump sale, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2.40 nature of transaction: advances received from customers, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 193.03 nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 56.75 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2,963.17 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 50.00 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 3,991.88, 31 march 2021: 3,990.10 entity: vi ramky international singapore pte limited , nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1.90 entity: vii ramky e-waste management limited , nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 177.18 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - entity: viii ramky msw private limited , nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 93.99 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 62.03, 31 march 2021: 53.08 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 nature of transaction: investment in preference shares, 31 march 2022: 1,663.24, 31 march 2021: 1,663.24 entity: ix ramky iwm private limited , nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 23.80, 31 march 2021: 8.13 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 641.89, 31 march 2021: 634.78 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 3,735.00, 31 march 2021: 4,200.00 nature of transaction: investment in debentures ccd's , 31 march 2022: 958.25, 31 march 2021: 958.25 entity: x visakha solvents limited , nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 10.09, 31 march 2021: 8.93 nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 0.01, 31 march 2021: 0.01 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 76.50, 31 march 2021: 76.50 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 128.87, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: 1.28, 31 march 2021: 1.22 nature of transaction: security deposit received, 31 march 2022: 1.08, 31 march 2021: 1.08 entity: xi hyderabad integrated msw limited , nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 29.57, 31 march 2021: 96.37 nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 2.71, 31 march 2021: 2.68 nature of transaction: capital creditors, 31 march 2022: 55.12, 31 march 2021: 87.08 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 8,337.73, 31 march 2021: 4,045.19 nature of transaction: corporate guarantee, 31 march 2022: 26,562.00, 31 march 2021: 22,500.00 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 776.67, 31 march 2021: 657.91 nature of transaction: investment in preference shares, 31 march 2022: 5,191.26, 31 march 2021: 5,191.26 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 412.50, 31 march 2021: 32.50 nature of transaction: deferred income, 31 march 2022: 259.58, 31 march 2021: 234.76 entity: xii delhi msw solutions limited , nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 78.01, 31 march 2021: 322.30 table end.
note: all amounts are in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: notes to financial statements - 31 march 2022 entity: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited, nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 773.80, 31 march 2021: 41.56 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 1,033.79, 31 march 2021: 1,853.14 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 5,354.00, 31 march 2021: 30,000.00 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 266.00, 31 march 2021: 220.60 nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 14.23, 31 march 2021: 14.23 nature of transaction: investment in debentures, 31 march 2022: 5,523.00, 31 march 2021: - entity: maridi bio industries private limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 37.31, 31 march 2021: 35.60 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 133.02, 31 march 2021: 503.69 entity: pithampur industrial waste management private limited, nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2.61 entity: ramky enviro services private limited, nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 119.59, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 0.53, 31 march 2021: 0.14 nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 17.50, 31 march 2021: - entity: delhi cleantech services private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 160.76, 31 march 2021: 2,676.42 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 1,026.40, 31 march 2021: 102.94 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: 1.00 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 4.71, 31 march 2021: 10.58 entity: chhattisgarh energy consortium india private limited, nature of transaction: asset held for sale, 31 march 2022: 44.65, 31 march 2021: 44.65 entity: ramky enviro engineers middle east fz llc, nature of transaction: share application money pending allotment, 31 march 2022: 614.00, 31 march 2021: 614.00 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1,691.32, 31 march 2021: 296.03 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 939.83, 31 march 2021: 1,836.64 entity: chennai msw private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 230.24, 31 march 2021: 620.57 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 133.08, 31 march 2021: 127.75 nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 0.00, 31 march 2021: 3.31 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 5,599.50, 31 march 2021: 6,553.56 table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: notes to financial statements - 31 march 2022 continued entity: pro enviro recycling private limited, nature of transaction: advances paid to suppliers, 31 march 2022: 50,406.13, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 202.60, 31 march 2021: 184.44 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 100.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 14.23, 31 march 2021: 14.23 entity: al ahlia environmental services co llc, nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 145.65, 31 march 2021: 145.65 entity: ramky infrastructure limited, nature of transaction: corporate guarantee, 31 march 2022: 4,406.96, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 3,050.46, 31 march 2021: 2,000.68 entity: ramky estates and farms limited, nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 72.92, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: advances received from customers, 31 march 2022: 498.41, 31 march 2021: 5.22 nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 6.04, 31 march 2021: 11.26 entity: ramky pharma city india limited, nature of transaction: advances given, 31 march 2022: 2.85, 31 march 2021: 2.85 nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 432.79 entity: smilax laboratories limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 42.18, 31 march 2021: 45.26 nature of transaction: security deposit received, 31 march 2022: 5.03, 31 march 2021: 5.03 nature of transaction: advances received from customers, 31 march 2022: 2.43, 31 march 2021: 2.43 entity: medicare environmental management private limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 12.66, 31 march 2021: 36.15 nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 5.30, 31 march 2021: 5.30 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 21.86, 31 march 2021: 47.03 nature of transaction: advances received from customers, 31 march 2022: 2.12, 31 march 2021: 6.76 entity: ramky reclamation and recycling private limited, nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 17.06, 31 march 2021: 12.06 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 255.30, 31 march 2021: 10.00 nature of transaction: capital creditors, 31 march 2022: 136.85, 31 march 2021: 13.05 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 229.32, 31 march 2021: 185.51 nature of transaction: receivable on account of slump sale, 31 march 2022: 186.32, 31 march 2021: 186.32 nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 119.98, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 11.90, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: receivable on account of slump sale, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - table end.
there are no images other than tables in the provided image.
therefore, no image placeholders are needed.
notes to financial statements contd.
all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: financial statement notes for the year ended 31 march 2022 company name: dehradun waste management private limited, nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 130.50, 31 march 2021: 5.50 company name: katni msw private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 145.96, 31 march 2021: 60.22 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 1,500.00, 31 march 2021: 1,500.00 company name: saagar msw solutions limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 84.01, 31 march 2021: 172.06 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 2,000.00, 31 march 2021: 2,000.00 company name: adityapur waste management private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 105.07, 31 march 2021: 112.43 company name: hyderabad c&d waste private limited, nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 1,363.63, 31 march 2021: 3,378.54 company name: deccan recyclers private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 23.99 company name: vilholi waste management system private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 355.68 company name: maridi eco industries private limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 0.41, 31 march 2021: 0.41 company name: b & g solar private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 24.84 nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 328.90 nature of transaction: investment in preference shares, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 12.75 company name: pro enviro c&d waste management private limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 2.36, 31 march 2021: 2.36 company name: ramky arm recycling private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 285.48, 31 march 2021: 83.67 nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 64.32 company name: dhanbad integrated msw limited., nature of transaction: capital creditors, 31 march 2022: 6.79, 31 march 2021: 6.79 company name: madhya pradesh waste management private limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1.50 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 185.70, 31 march 2021: 2,699.03 company name: rewa msw management solutions limited, nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 127.36, 31 march 2021: 66.58 nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 2,000.00, 31 march 2021: 2,000.00 company name: rewa msw holding private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 11.20, 31 march 2021: 65.30 company name: rewa waste 2 energy project limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.59 company name: chennai enviro solutions private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 68.39, 31 march 2021: 342.14 nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 45.00, 31 march 2021: 45.00 company name: bio medical waste treatment plant pvt limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 0.68, 31 march 2021: 993.65 company name: rewa msw energy solutions limited, nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 2,614.03, 31 march 2021: - table end.
notes: all amounts are in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data.
the table consolidates data from two separate columns in the original image representing the financial years 2022 and 2021 into separate columns for easier readability.
notes to financial statements contd.
all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: transactions with related parties 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 related party: dundigal waste 2 energy project limited, nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 99.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in perpetual debt, 31 march 2022: 7,262.82, 31 march 2021: - related party: ramky- al-turki environmental services company limited, nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 258.78, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 59.36, 31 march 2021: 59.36 related party: ramky enviro engineers - bangladesh, nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 0.90, 31 march 2021: - related party: kesda waste management limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 23.35, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 121.11, 31 march 2021: - related party: ip msw solutions limited, nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 0.09, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: 140.75, 31 march 2021: - related party: dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited, nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 350.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment in equity shares, 31 march 2022: 1.00, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: 0.26, 31 march 2021: - related party: rvac pte.
ltd, nature of transaction: performance guarantees given, 31 march 2022: 32.48, 31 march 2021: 32.48 related party: kkr capstone india operations advisory private limited, nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: 177.17, 31 march 2021: - related party: alla dakshayani, nature of transaction: trade payables, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - related party: alliance envirocare company private limited, nature of transaction: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 3.36, 31 march 2021: 0.45 related party: govind singh, nature of transaction: salary payable, 31 march 2022: 1.24, 31 march 2021: - related party: m. goutham reddy, nature of transaction: salary payable, 31 march 2022: 6.24, 31 march 2021: - related party: anil khandelwal, nature of transaction: salary payable, 31 march 2022: 8.17, 31 march 2021: - related party: masood mallick, nature of transaction: salary payable, 31 march 2022: 8.80, 31 march 2021: - related party: narayan keelveedhi, nature of transaction: sitting fee, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - related party: seshadri, nature of transaction: sitting fee, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - related party: shantharaju bangalore siddaiah, nature of transaction: sitting fee, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - related party: hwee hua lim, nature of transaction: sitting fee, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - related party: vaishali nigam sinha, nature of transaction: sitting fee, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - table end.
terms and conditions of transactions with related parties: the sales to and purchases from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arms-length transactions.
outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest-free, and settlement occurs in cash.
34. disclosure relating to micro, small and medium enterprises: table: details of micro, small and medium enterprises 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 item: principal amount and interest due unpaid to any supplier at the end of each accounting year, 31 march 2022: 695.33, 31 march 2021: 629.68 item: interest paid by the buyer section 16 of mse development act, 2006 , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: interest due and payable for delay in payment excluding interest under the micro, small and medium enterprises development act, 2006 , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year, 31 march 2022: 26.80, 31 march 2021: 26.49 item: dues actually paid to the small enterprise, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: total , 31 march 2022: 722.13, 31 march 2021: 656.17 table end.
35. disclosure pursuant to indian accounting standard ind as 108 “operating segments” waste management: comprises of collection, transportation, treatment of waste and maintenance of waste treatment facilities.
turnkey projects: comprises of epc projects.
others: comprises of consultancy and other miscellaneous services.
identifications of segments: the chief operational decision-maker monitors the operating results of its business segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.
segment performance is evaluated based on profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the standalone financial statements.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated period ended 31 march 2022 table: financial data for the period ended 31 march 2022 particulars: revenue particulars: external customers, waste management division: 33,965.23, turnkey projects division: 218.55, others: 3,844.87, total: 38,028.65 particulars: inter-segment, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, others: -, total: - particulars: total revenue , waste management division: 33,965.23, turnkey projects division: 218.55, others: 3,844.87, total: 38,028.65 particulars: income/ expenses particulars: depreciation and amortisation, waste management division: 2,083.87, turnkey projects division: 0.64, others: 560.70, total: 2,645.21 particulars: segment profit, waste management division: 11,294.17, turnkey projects division: 424.83 , others: 2,827.86, total: 13,697.20 particulars: interest income, total: 3,090.41 particulars: other income, total: 1,673.92 particulars: interest expense, total: 822.79 particulars: unallocated expense, total: 10,732.95 particulars: profit before tax, total: 6,905.79 particulars: tax expense, total: 2,100.59 particulars: profit after tax, total: 4,805.20 particulars: segment assets, waste management division: 37,556.59, turnkey projects division: 2,042.57, others: 1,863.85, total: 41,463.01 particulars: unallocable assets, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, others: -, total: 132,481.93 particulars: segment liabilities, waste management division: 17,394.78, turnkey projects division: 1,896.36, others: 781.53, total: 20,072.69 particulars: unallocable liabilities, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, others: -, total: 20,754.42 particulars: other disclosures particulars: non cash expense other than depreciation, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, others: -, total: 4,912.27 particulars: capital expenditure, waste management division: 2,106.97, turnkey projects division: -, others: 465.91, total: 4,554.68 table end.
year ended 31 march 2021 table: financial data for the year ended 31 march 2021 particulars: revenue particulars: external customers, waste management division: 33,566.86, turnkey projects division: 528.44, others: 2,750.79, total: 36,846.09 particulars: inter-segment, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, others: -, total: - particulars: total revenue , waste management division: 33,566.86, turnkey projects division: 528.44, others: 2,750.79, total: 36,846.09 particulars: income/ expenses particulars: depreciation and amortisation, waste management division: 1,646.03, turnkey projects division: 0.65, others: 375.32, total: 2,022.00 particulars: segment profit, waste management division: 9,110.93, turnkey projects division: 271.52 , others: 1,872.84, total: 10,712.25 particulars: interest income, total: 2,946.80 particulars: other income, total: 326.21 particulars: interest expense, total: 795.15 particulars: unallocated expense, total: 7,841.40 particulars: profit before tax before exceptional items, total: 5,348.71 table end.
information about major customers the company has a large number of customers, and no single customer contributes more than 10% of the total revenue of the company.
hence, there are no major customers' details to be reported by the company.
geographical information the company's operations are confined within india, and as such there are no reportable geographical segments.
36. fair values including fair value hierarchy the management assessed that loans, trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, bank balances, other financial assets, borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities approximate their carrying amounts as fair value except for investments in mutual funds.
the fair value for investments in mutual funds fvtpl are valued using level 1: quoted unadjusted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
the fair value for ocrps fvtpl are valued using level 3. 37. financial risk management objectives and policies the company's financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables.
the company's financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, loans, trade receivables and other receivables.
the company's risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits.
risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the company's activities.
the board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the company's risk management framework.
in performing its operating, investing and financing activities, the company is exposed to the credit risk and liquidity risk.
notes to financial statements contd.
i market risk market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices.
such changes in the values of financial instruments may result from changes in the foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, credit, liquidity and other market changes.
the company's exposure to market risk is primarily on account of interest rate risk.
financial instruments affected by market risk include loans, borrowings and deposits.
ii interest rate risk interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.
the company's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the company's long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates and investment in mutual funds debt schemes.
interest rate sensitivity table: interest rate sensitivity date: 31 march 2022, currency: inr, increase/decrease in basis points: 100.00, effect on profit before tax: financial liability instrument: 29.20 , effect on profit before tax: financial asset instrument: - increase/decrease in basis points: 100.00 , effect on profit before tax: financial liability instrument: 29.20, effect on profit before tax: financial asset instrument: - date: 31 march 2021, currency: inr, increase/decrease in basis points: 100.00, effect on profit before tax: financial liability instrument: 19.57 , effect on profit before tax: financial asset instrument: - increase/decrease in basis points: 100.00 , effect on profit before tax: financial liability instrument: 19.57, effect on profit before tax: financial asset instrument: - table end.
iii foreign currency risk the year-end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise are as under: table: foreign currency exposures particulars: trade payables, currency: united states dollar, 31 march 2022: 0.21, 31 march 2021: 3.27, 31 march 2022 in rupees : 15.99, 31 march 2021 in rupees : 239.51 table end.
foreign currency sensitivity the following tables demonstrate the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in united states dollar exchange rates, with all other variables held constant.
the impact on the company's profit before tax is due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities.
table: change in united states dollar rate sensitivity change in united states dollar rate: -5% increase, 31 march 2022: 0.80, 31 march 2021: 11.98 change in united states dollar rate: -5% decrease, 31 march 2022: 0.80 , 31 march 2021: 11.98 table end.
iv credit risk credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial loss.
the company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities primarily trade receivables and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions and other financial instruments.
trade receivables credit risk with respect to trade receivables is limited, based on our historical experience of collecting receivables, supported by the level of default.
financial instruments and cash deposits credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the company's top management in accordance with the company's policy.
investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits assigned to each counterparty.
counterparty credit limits are reviewed by the top management on an annual basis, and may be updated throughout the year subject to approval of the company's board of directors.
the limits are set to minimize the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty's potential failure to make payments.
v liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that the company will encounter difficulty in raising funds to meet commitments associated with financial instruments that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset.
liquidity risk may result from an inability to sell a financial asset quickly at close to its fair value.
the company has an established liquidity risk management framework for managing its short-term, medium-term and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements.
the company's exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities.
the company manages the liquidity risk by maintaining adequate funds in cash and cash equivalents.
the company also has adequate credit facilities agreed with banks to ensure that there is sufficient cash to meet all its normal operating commitments in a timely and cost-effective manner.
a table analyzing derivative and non-derivative financial liabilities is forthcoming, but not included in this image.
note: the provided image does not contain a table detailing liquidity risk as mentioned in the text.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: liabilities by maturity as of 31 march 2022 and 2021 category: borrowings, 31 march 2022 - carrying value: 2,919.98, 31 march 2022 - on demand: 2,510.96, 31 march 2022 - less than 3 months: 14.76, 31 march 2022 - 3 to 12 months: 144.27, 31 march 2022 - 1 to 5 years: 250.00, 31 march 2022 - 5 years: -, 31 march 2021 - carrying value: 1,956.92, 31 march 2021 - on demand: 1,246.82, 31 march 2021 - less than 3 months: 56.94, 31 march 2021 - 3 to 12 months: 225.57, 31 march 2021 - 1 to 5 years: 427.59, 31 march 2021 - 5 years: - category: other financial liabilities, 31 march 2022 - carrying value: 17,388.81, 31 march 2022 - on demand: -, 31 march 2022 - less than 3 months: 695.01, 31 march 2022 - 3 to 12 months: 1,294.11, 31 march 2022 - 1 to 5 years: 1,923.39, 31 march 2022 - 5 years: 13,476.29, 31 march 2021 - carrying value: 16,710.35, 31 march 2021 - on demand: -, 31 march 2021 - less than 3 months: 667.90, 31 march 2021 - 3 to 12 months: 1,243.62, 31 march 2021 - 1 to 5 years: 1,848.35, 31 march 2021 - 5 years: 12,950.49 category: trade payables, 31 march 2022 - carrying value: 11,080.14, 31 march 2022 - on demand: -, 31 march 2022 - less than 3 months: 9,418.12, 31 march 2022 - 3 to 12 months: 1,662.02, 31 march 2022 - 1 to 5 years: -, 31 march 2022 - 5 years: -, 31 march 2021 - carrying value: 8,934.15, 31 march 2021 - on demand: -, 31 march 2021 - less than 3 months: 7,594.03, 31 march 2021 - 3 to 12 months: 1,340.12, 31 march 2021 - 1 to 5 years: -, 31 march 2021 - 5 years: - table end.
at present, the company expects to repay all liabilities at their contractual maturity.
in order to meet such cash commitments, the operating activity is expected to generate sufficient cash inflows.
38. capital management the company endeavors to maintain sufficient levels of working capital, current assets, and current liabilities which helps the company to meet its expense obligations while also maintaining sufficient cash flow.
the capital structure of the company consists of net debt borrowings offset by cash and bank balances and equity of the company comprising issued capital, reserves and retained earnings . the capital structure of the company is reviewed by management on a periodic basis.
table: gearing ratio 31 march 2022 and 2021 item: borrowings non-current and current, including current maturities of non-current borrowings, interest accrued and due, interest accrued but not due , 31 march 2022: 3,079.00, 31 march 2021: 1,956.92 item: less: cash and cash equivalents including balances at bank other than cash and cash equivalents and liquid investments in mutual funds, 31 march 2022: 36,119.46 , 31 march 2021: 9,678.71 item: net debt a , 31 march 2022: 33,040.46 , 31 march 2021: 7,721.79 item: equity, 31 march 2022: 138,235.35, 31 march 2021: 133,117.83 item: total capital b , 31 march 2022: 138,235.35 , 31 march 2021: 133,117.83 item: gearing ratio % a/ a+b , 31 march 2022: 0.00% , 31 march 2021: 0.00% table end.
gearing ratio: the company monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt.
the company’s policy is to keep the gearing ratio within 50%.
in order to achieve this overall objective, the company makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements of the financial covenants.
the company aims to ensure that it meets the financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing loans and borrowings that define the capital structure requirements.
breaches in meeting the financial covenants would permit the bank to immediately call loans and borrowings.
there have been no breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowings in the current year, other than those reported.
39. management post detailed evaluation of compliance management post detailed evaluation of compliance of fema regulations in 2018-19 and had submitted all pending reports with authorized dealer bank, addressed observations and compounded the non-compliances for two of its overseas jv/subsidiaries and is in process of filing the compounding applications for other two jv/subsidiaries.
based on legal advice obtained and other documentary evidence available with the company, the management is of the view that there would be no material impact on the financial statements and accordingly, no adjustments for the possible effect of such non-compliance have been made to the standalone financials.
40. share purchase agreement in the earlier years, the company had entered into a share purchase agreement with the other shareholder of chhattisgarh energy consortium india private limited cecipl and purchased 51% stake in cecipl and entered into an agreement to sell its investment in cecipl to one of the shareholder’s entity buyer and had received advance of rs.
614 for such sale from the buyer.
during earlier years, the beneficial ownership of the said subsidiary had been transferred to the buyer.
however, the control over the subsidiary could not be transferred on account of dispute between the shareholders of cecipl and hence the company has continued to disclose the assets of the subsidiary of rs.
614 as asset held for sale.
the financial statement of cecipl have not been audited after the year ending 31 march 2014 till current year.
pending transfer of control as on balance sheet date, reel has continued to consolidate cecipl based on financial statements certified by management.
41. ratio analysis and its elements table: ratio analysis data 31 march 2022 and 2021 ratio: current ratio, numerator: current assets, denominator: current liabilities, 31 march 2022: 2.55, 31 march 2021: 1.44, % change: 77.13%, reason for variance: due to increase in cash balances on account of repayments of icds and pds by group companies ratio: debt-equity ratio, numerator: total debt, denominator: shareholder's equity, 31 march 2022: 0.02, 31 march 2021: 0.02, % change: 32.46%, reason for variance: due to increase in profits of the year ratio: debt service coverage ratio, numerator: earnings for debt service = net profit after taxes + non-cash operating expenses, denominator: debt service = interest & lease payments + principal repayments, 31 march 2022: 19.44, 31 march 2021: 16.15, % change: 20.36%, reason for variance: due to increase in profits of the year ratio: return on equity ratio, numerator: net profits after taxes - preference dividend, denominator: average shareholder's equity, 31 march 2022: 0.04, 31 march 2021: 0.03, % change: 10.39% table end.
notes to financial statements contd.
for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: financial ratios 31 march 2022 vs. 31 march 2021 ratio: inventory turnover ratio, numerator: cost of goods sold, denominator: average inventory, 31 march 2022: 4.31, 31 march 2021: 4.41, % change: -2.21% ratio: trade receivable turnover ratio, numerator: net credit sales = gross credit sales - sales return, denominator: average trade receivable, 31 march 2022: 2.21, 31 march 2021: 1.84, % change: 20.47%, reason for variance: due to increase in receivables ratio: trade payable turnover ratio, numerator: net purchases = gross credit purchases - purchase return, denominator: average trade payables, 31 march 2022: 2.90, 31 march 2021: 2.54, % change: 14.13% ratio: net capital turnover ratio, numerator: net sales = total sales - sales return, denominator: working capital = current assets - current liabilities, 31 march 2022: 1.12, 31 march 2021: 4.21, % change: -73.35%, reason for variance: due to increase in working capital on account of repayments of icds and pds by group companies ratio: net profit ratio, numerator: net profit, denominator: net sales = total sales - sales return, 31 march 2022: 0.13, 31 march 2021: 0.11, % change: 11.01% ratio: return on capital employed, numerator: earnings before interest and taxes, denominator: capital employed = tangible net worth + total debt + deferred tax liability, 31 march 2022: 6.75%, 31 march 2021: 5.74%, % change: 17.43% ratio: return on investment, numerator: interest finance income , denominator: investment, 31 march 2022: 10.35%, 31 march 2021: 8.03%, % change: 28.86%, reason for variance: due to reduction in perpetual debts on account of repayment by subsidiaries.
42. other statutory information the income tax department has conducted a search operation on the company's registered office during the year.
no order consequent to such operation has so far been received by the company.
management believes that there would be no implication of the aforesaid search operations on the standalone financial statements of the company.
43. other statutory information i the company do not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property.
ii the company do not have any transactions with companies struck off.
iii the company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with roc beyond the statutory period.
44. previous year figures have been reclassified/ regrouped to confirm to those of current year.
independent auditor's report to the members of re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements opinion we have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of re sustainability limited hereinafter referred to as "the holding company" , its subsidiaries the holding company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the group” , its associates and joint ventures comprising of the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 march 2022, the consolidated statement of profit and loss and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information hereinafter referred to as "the consolidated financial statements" . in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of reports of other auditors on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the companies act, 2013, as amended “the act” in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in india, of the consolidated state of affairs of the group, its associates and joint ventures as at 31 march 2022, their consolidated profit and their consolidated cash flows for the year ended on that date.
basis for opinion we conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards on auditing sas , as specified under section 143 10 of the act.
our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements' section of our report.
we are independent of the group, associates and joint ventures in accordance with the 'code of ethics' issued by the institute of chartered accountants of india together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the act and the rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the code of ethics.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
other information the holding company's board of directors is responsible for the other information.
the other information comprises the board's report in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.
our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
in connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
if, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
we have nothing to report in this regard.
responsibilities of management for the consolidated financial statements the holding company's board of directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements in terms of the requirements of the act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows of the group including its associates and joint ventures in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in india, including the companies accounting standards rules, 2006 specified under section 133 of the act, read with the companies accounts rules, 2014 as amended . the respective board of directors of the companies included in the group and of its associates and joint ventures are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the act for safeguarding of the assets of the group and of its associates and joint ventures and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the board of directors of the holding company, as aforesaid.
in preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective board of directors of the companies included in the group and of its associates and joint ventures are responsible for assessing the ability of the group and of its associates and joint ventures to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
those respective board of directors of the companies included in the group and of its associates and joint ventures are also responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of the group and of its associates and joint ventures.
auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.
reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with sas will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
as part of an audit in accordance with sas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we also: identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances.
under section 143 3 i of the act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the holding company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the group and its associates and joint ventures to continue as a going concern.
if we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report.
however, future events or conditions may cause the group and its associates and joint ventures to cease to continue as a going concern.
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, there are no footnotes or additional annotations in the provided image.
report on other legal and regulatory requirements 1. as required by the companies auditor's report order, 2020 "the order" , issued by the central government of india in terms of sub-section 11 of section 143 of the act, based on our audit and on the consideration of report of the other auditors on separate financial statements and the other financial information of the subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures companies, incorporated in india, as noted in the ‘other matter’ paragraph we give in the "annexure 1" a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 xxi of the order.
2. as required by section 143 3 of the act, based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of other statutory auditors of the subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures incorporated in india , the managerial remuneration for the year ended 31 march 2022 has been paid / provided by the holding company, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures incorporated in india to their directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with schedule v to the act.
a other matter we did not audit the financial statements and other financial information, in respect of 37 subsidiaries whose financial statements include total assets of rs.147,668.63 lakhs as at 31 march 2022, and total revenues of rs.
107,067.73 lakhs and net cash inflows of rs.
2,162.52 lakhs for the year ended on that date.
these financial statement and other financial information have been audited by other auditors, whose financial statements, other financial information and auditor’s reports have been furnished to us by the management.
our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, and our report in terms of sub-sections 3 of section 143 of the act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, is based solely on the report s of such other auditors.
of the above 8 subsidiaries are located outside india whose financial statements and other financial information have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries and which have been audited by other auditors under generally accepted auditing standards applicable in their respective countries.
the holding company’s management has converted the financial statements of such subsidiaries located outside india from accounting principles generally accepted in their respective countries to accounting principles generally accepted in india.
we have audited these conversion adjustments made by the holding company’s management.
our opinion in so far as it relates to the balances and affairs of such subsidiaries located outside india is based on the report of other auditors and the conversion adjustments prepared by the management of the holding company and audited by us.
b the accompanying consolidated financial statements include unaudited financial statements and other unaudited financial information in respect of 9 subsidiaries whose financial statements and other unaudited financial information reflect total assets of rs.
285.35 lakhs as at 31 march 2022, and total revenues of rs.
515.32 lakhs and net cash outflows of rs.
0.85 lakhs for the year ended on that date.
these unaudited financial statements and other unaudited financial information have been furnished to us by the management.
the consolidated financial statements also include the group’s share of net loss of rs.
1,256.11 lakhs for the year ended 31 march 2022, as considered in the consolidated financial statements, in respect of 3 associates and 1 joint venture, whose financial statements, other financial information have not been audited and whose unaudited financial statements, other unaudited financial information have been furnished to us by the management.
our opinion, in so far as it relates amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, and our report in terms of sub-sections 3 of section 143 of the act in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, is based solely on such unaudited financial statement and other unaudited financial information.
in our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the management, these financial statements and other financial information are not material to the group.
our opinion above on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on other legal and regulatory requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors and the financial statements and other financial information certified by the management.
c the consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss and the consolidated cash flow statement dealt with by this report are in agreement with the books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
d in our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the companies accounting standards rules, 2006 specified under section 133 of the act, read with the companies accounts rules, 2014 as amended . e on the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the holding company as on 31 march 2022 taken on record by the board of directors of the holding company and the reports of the statutory auditors who are appointed under section 139 of the act, of its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures, none of the directors of the group’s companies, its associates and joint ventures incorporated in india is disqualified as on 31 march 2022 from being appointed as a director in terms of section 164 2 of the act.
f with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of the holding company and its subsidiary companies, associate companies and joint ventures incorporated in india, and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “annexure 2” to this report.
h with respect to the other matters to be included in the auditor’s report in accordance with rule 11 of the companies audit and auditors rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and reports of the other auditors.
report on other legal and regulatory requirements re: re sustainability limited the 'company' in terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the company and the books of account and records examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that: 3 xxi there are no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the companies auditors report order caro reports of the companies included in the consolidated financial statements.
accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 3 xxi of the order is not applicable to the holding company.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration number: 101049w/e300004 place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 per atin bhargava partner membership number: 504777 udin: 22504777aptbdv8850 other matter paragraph: i. the consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on its consolidated financial position of the group, its associates and joint ventures in its consolidated financial statements - refer note 36 iii to the consolidated financial statements.
ii.
the group did not have any material foreseeable losses in long-term contracts including derivative contracts during the year ended 31 march 2022. iii.
there were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the investor education and protection fund by the holding company, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures incorporated in india during the year ended 31 march 2022. iv.
a the respective managements of the holding company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in india whose financial statements have been audited under the act have represented to us and the other auditors of such subsidiaries respectively that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in the note 51 to the consolidated financial statements, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds by the holding company or any of such subsidiaries to or in any other person s or entity ies , including foreign entities "intermediaries" , with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the respective holding company or any of such subsidiaries "ultimate beneficiaries" or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
b the respective managements of the holding company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in india whose financial statements have been audited under the act have represented to us and the other auditors of such subsidiaries respectively that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been received by the respective holding company or any of such subsidiaries from any person s or entity ies , including foreign entities "funding parties" , with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the holding company or any of such subsidiaries shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the funding party "ultimate beneficiaries" or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries; and c based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances performed by us and that performed by the auditors of the subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in india whose financial statements have been audited under the act, nothing has come to our or other auditor's notice that has caused us or the other auditors to believe that the representations under sub-clause a and b contain any material mis-statement.
v. no dividend has been declared or paid during the year by the holding company, its subsidiaries companies incorporated in india.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration number: 101049w/e300004 place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 per atin bhargava partner membership number: 504777 udin: 22504777aptbdv8850 annexure 2 to the independent auditor's report report on the internal financial controls under clause i of sub-section 3 of section 143 of the companies act, 2013 "the act" in conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of re sustainability limited as of and for the year ended 31 march 2022, we have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of re sustainability limited hereinafter referred to as the “holding company” and its subsidiary companies, its associate companies, and joint ventures, which are companies incorporated in india, as of that date.
management's responsibility for internal financial controls the respective board of directors of the holding company, its subsidiary companies, its associate companies, and joint ventures, which are companies incorporated in india, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the holding company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the guidance note on audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting issued by the institute of chartered accountants of india.
these responsibilities include the design, implementation, and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the act.
auditor's responsibility our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the guidance note on audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting the “guidance note” and the standards on auditing, both issued by institute of chartered accountants of india, and deemed to be prescribed under section 143 10 of the act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls.
those standards and the guidance note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements and their operating effectiveness.
our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
the procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports referred to in the other matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements.
meaning of internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements a company's internal financial control over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
a company's internal financial control over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures that 1 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 2 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and 3 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
opinion in our opinion, the holding company, its subsidiary companies, its associate companies, and joint ventures, which are companies incorporated in india, have, maintained in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements and such internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements were operating effectively as at 31 march 2022, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the holding company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the guidance note on audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting issued by the institute of chartered accountants of india.
other matters our report under section 143 3 i of the act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements of the holding company, insofar as it relates to these 29 subsidiary companies which are companies incorporated in india, is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of such subsidiaries and associates incorporated in india.
for s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration number: 101049w/e300004 per atin bhargava partner membership number: 504777 udin: 22504777aptbdv8850 place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
consolidated balance sheet as at 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated assets non-current assets property, plant and equipment capital work in progress investment property goodwill intangible assets intangible assets under development right-of-use assets investment in an associate and a joint venture financial assets investments loans bank balance other than cash and cash equivalent trade receivables other financial asset deferred tax assets net non-current tax assets other assets current assets inventories financial assets trade receivables cash and cash equivalent bank balance other than ii above other financial asset other assets asset classified as held for sale total assets table: consolidated balance sheet data in lakhs item: property, plant and equipment, 31 march 2022: 36,332.86, 31 march 2021: 34,425.32 item: capital work in progress, 31 march 2022: 16,771.09, 31 march 2021: 7,566.26 item: investment property, 31 march 2022: 8.12, 31 march 2021: 8.12 item: goodwill, 31 march 2022: 3,925.14, 31 march 2021: 3,945.39 item: intangible assets, 31 march 2022: 163,608.86, 31 march 2021: 156,147.34 item: intangible assets under development, 31 march 2022: 28,170.05, 31 march 2021: 15,399.29 item: right-of-use assets, 31 march 2022: 6,678.88, 31 march 2021: 5,800.12 item: investment in an associate and a joint venture, 31 march 2022: 6,097.38, 31 march 2021: 5,596.61 item: investments, 31 march 2022: 120.87, 31 march 2021: 120.87 item: loans, 31 march 2022: 3,976.75, 31 march 2021: 3,216.06 item: bank balance other than cash and cash equivalent, 31 march 2022: 2,380.99, 31 march 2021: 2,138.56 item: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 26,015.40, 31 march 2021: 23,702.03 item: other financial asset, 31 march 2022: 15,244.43, 31 march 2021: 14,923.21 item: deferred tax assets net , 31 march 2022: 6,336.92, 31 march 2021: 3,940.90 item: other assets, 31 march 2022: 25,229.03, 31 march 2021: 18,951.26 item: inventories, 31 march 2022: 4,896.41, 31 march 2021: 3,850.04 item: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 100,091.86, 31 march 2021: 68,264.71 item: cash and cash equivalent, 31 march 2022: 48,717.44, 31 march 2021: 17,783.10 item: bank balance other than ii above, 31 march 2022: 4,032.89, 31 march 2021: 6,347.30 item: other financial asset, 31 march 2022: 3,016.17, 31 march 2021: 3,502.76 item: other assets, 31 march 2022: 19,760.54, 31 march 2021: 16,621.33 item: total assets , 31 march 2022: 522,026.08, 31 march 2021: 416,308.90 table end.
consolidated statement of profit and loss for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated income revenue from contracts with customers other income total income i expenses cost of raw material consumed increase/ decrease in inventories of finished goods construction expenses employee benefits expense depreciation and amortization expense finance costs other expenses total expense ii profit before share of profit of associates and a joint venture and tax iii=i-ii share of loss of an associate and a joint venture iv profit before tax v=iv-iii tax expense current tax adjustment of tax relating to earlier periods deferred tax income tax expense vi profit for the year vii=v-vi other comprehensive income items that may be reclassified to profit or loss exchange differences on translation of foreign operations net other comprehensive income to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss re-measurement losses /gains on defined benefit plans income tax effect net other comprehensive income not to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods other comprehensive income for the year net of tax viii total comprehensive income for the year net of tax ix=vii+viii profit for the year is attributable to: equity holders of the parent non-controlling interest other comprehensive income is attributable to: equity holders of the parent non-controlling interest total comprehensive income is attributable to: equity holders of the parent non-controlling interest earnings per equity share computed on the basis of profit attributable to equity holders of the parent basic earnings per share diluted earnings per share summary of significant accounting policies table: consolidated statement of profit and loss data in lakhs item: revenue from contracts with customers, 31 march 2022: 299,690.80, 31 march 2021: 255,644.10 item: other income, 31 march 2022: 2,780.44, 31 march 2021: 4,740.48 item: total income i , 31 march 2022: 302,471.24, 31 march 2021: 260,384.58 item: cost of raw material consumed, 31 march 2022: 11,321.30, 31 march 2021: 12,908.42 item: increase / decrease in inventories of finished goods, 31 march 2022: 151.39 , 31 march 2021: 54.99 item: construction expenses, 31 march 2022: 36,839.13, 31 march 2021: 33,645.46 item: employee benefits expense, 31 march 2022: 35,587.04, 31 march 2021: 30,791.30 item: depreciation and amortization expense, 31 march 2022: 27,988.74, 31 march 2021: 20,602.15 item: finance costs, 31 march 2022: 11,413.77, 31 march 2021: 10,803.19 item: other expenses, 31 march 2022: 122,081.96, 31 march 2021: 102,821.17 item: total expense ii , 31 march 2022: 245,080.55, 31 march 2021: 211,626.68 item: profit before share of profit of associates and a joint venture and tax iii=i-ii , 31 march 2022: 57,390.69, 31 march 2021: 48,757.90 item: share of loss of an associate and a joint venture iv , 31 march 2022: 1,256.11 , 31 march 2021: 196.44 item: profit before tax v=iv-iii , 31 march 2022: 56,134.58, 31 march 2021: 48,561.46 item: current tax, 31 march 2022: 12,168.14, 31 march 2021: 9,592.49 item: adjustment of tax relating to earlier periods, 31 march 2022: 3,316.93 , 31 march 2021: 374.10 item: deferred tax, 31 march 2022: 1,382.72, 31 march 2021: 412.71 item: income tax expense vi , 31 march 2022: 10,233.93, 31 march 2021: 8,805.68 item: profit for the year vii=v-vi , 31 march 2022: 45,900.65, 31 march 2021: 39,755.78 item: other comprehensive income, 31 march 2022: 959.31, 31 march 2021: 106.87 item: total comprehensive income for the year net of tax ix=vii+viii , 31 march 2022: 46,859.96, 31 march 2021: 39,862.65 item: basic earnings per share, 31 march 2022: 1,102.89, 31 march 2021: 936.99 item: diluted earnings per share, 31 march 2022: 1,069.47, 31 march 2021: 910.71 table end.
notes: the accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
as per our report attached of even date.
consolidated statement of cash flows a. cash flows from operating activities item: profit before tax, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 56,134.58, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 48,561.46 item: depreciation and amortisation expense, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 27,988.74, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 20,602.15 item: provision for doubtful receivables, etc. net , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 4,120.00, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 8,412.67 item: bad debts/ advances written-off, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 480.97, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 181.94 item: capital work in progress written off, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 78.66, for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: liabilities no longer required written back, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 117.65 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 484.62 item: deferred income arising from government grant, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 131.94 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 260.27 item: profit /loss on sale of property, plant and equipment net , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 78.87, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 191.85 item: revenue from construction activity, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 37,927.89 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 34,586.29 item: construction expenses, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 36,839.13, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 33,645.46 item: gain on sale of investment, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 80.51, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 192.93 item: share-based payment expense, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 356.55, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 565.55 item: interest expense, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 11,034.80, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 10,364.07 item: interest income, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,783.92 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 3,040.95 item: share of profit of an associate and a joint venture, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,256.11, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 196.44 item: decrease/ increase in other financial asset, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 161.24, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 687.20 item: increase in other asset, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 6,045.60 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 4,850.16 item: increase in inventories, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,125.03 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 286.41 item: increase in trade receivables, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 33,159.48 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 16,632.23 item: increase in provisions, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 500.72, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 7,657.12 item: increase in trade payables, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 5,179.38, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 378.67 item: increase in other liabilities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 2,320.56, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,274.87 item: increase in other financial liabilities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 998.12, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,131.59 item: cash generated from operating activities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 67,317.43, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 71,759.08 item: income tax paid net of refund , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 14,498.69 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 7,761.46 item: net cash flows from operating activities a , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 52,818.74 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 63,997.62 table end.
b. cash flows from investing activities item: purchase of property, plant and equipment and cwip, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 21,585.16 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 20,194.36 item: purchase of intangible assets, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 33,430.14 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 38,632.88 item: investment in associates/joint ventures, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,756.88 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 994.51 item: acquisition of a subsidiary, for the year ended 31 march 2022: -, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 387.38 item: proceeds from sale of subsidiary, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 547.70, for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: purchase / sale of current investment, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 4,726.00, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 4,221.74 item: proceeds from receivable from service concession arrangement, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 4,726.00, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 5,400.00 item: inter corporate deposits net , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 760.69 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,451.53 item: bank balances not considered as cash and cash equivalent, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,085.83, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 904.41 item: interest received, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 840.80, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,667.47 item: net cash used in investing activities b , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 50,332.54 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 48,372.80 table end.
c. cash flows from financing activities item: proceeds from non-controlling interests, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,241.44, for the year ended 31 march 2021: - item: payment to acquire non-controlling interests, for the year ended 31 march 2022: -, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 5,818.95 item: payment of optionally convertible preference shares, for the year ended 31 march 2022: -, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 375.46 item: proceeds/ repayment of short term borrowings net , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 1,945.07, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,153.85 item: proceeds from long term borrowings, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 41,009.79, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 3,279.69 item: repayment of long term borrowings, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 7,058.41 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 6,915.38 item: payment of lease liabilities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 3,744.06 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 2,075.36 item: interest paid, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 4,945.69 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 5,199.12 item: net cash flow from/ used in financing activities c , for the year ended 31 march 2022: 28,448.14 , for the year ended 31 march 2021: 18,258.42 table end.
summary item: net decrease /increase in cash and cash equivalents a+b+c , amount: 30,934.34 item: cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year, amount: 17,783.10 item: cash and cash equivalents at year end , amount: 48,717.44 table end.
notes: the above cash flow statement has been prepared under the “indirect method” as set out in the indian accounting standard ind as-7 - statement of cash flow.
the accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
as per our report attached of even date.
auditor information: s.r. batliboi & associates llp chartered accountants icai firm registration no.
101049w/e300004 per atin bhargava partner membership no: 504777 place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 board of directors information: re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited m goutham reddy managing director din: 00251461 pankaj maharaj chief financial officer masood alam mallick whole time director & cfo din: 01059902 govind singh company secretary membership no.
a41173 place: hyderabad date: 24 august 2022 consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated a share capital b other equity table: other equity reserves and surplus : balance at 01 april 2020, retained earnings: 109,854.97, capital reserve: 4,655.10, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : 1,581.17, general reserve: 87.00, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: 1,999.24, equity component of financial instruments: 71,162.17, total: 189,339.65, non-controlling interests: 4,227.28, total: 193,566.93 : profit for the year, retained earnings: 39,142.43, capital reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : -, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: 13.36 , equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 39,142.43, non-controlling interests: 613.35, total: 39,755.78 : other comprehensive income net of taxes , retained earnings: 120.23, capital reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : -, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: -, equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 106.87, non-controlling interests: -, total: 106.87 : share-based payments refer note 33 , retained earnings: -, capital reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : 566.52, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: -, equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 566.52, non-controlling interests: -, total: 566.52 : add: increase/ decrease during the year, retained earnings: 1,102.01 , capital reserve: 1,259.13 , share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : -, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: 0.59, foreign currency translation reserve: -, equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 2,360.55 , non-controlling interests: 3,459.37 , total: 5,819.92 : balance at 31 march 2021, retained earnings: 148,015.62, capital reserve: 3,395.97, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : 2,147.69, general reserve: 87.00, capital redemption reserve: 0.59, foreign currency translation reserve: 1,985.88, equity component of financial instruments: 71,162.17, total: 226,794.92, non-controlling interests: 1,381.26, total: 228,176.19 : profit for the year, retained earnings: 46,072.79, capital reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : -, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: 937.75, equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 46,072.79, non-controlling interests: 172.14 , total: 45,900.65 : other comprehensive income net of taxes , retained earnings: 21.56, capital reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : -, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: -, equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 959.31, non-controlling interests: -, total: 959.31 : share issue expenses, retained earnings: 57.50 , capital reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : -, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: -, equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 57.50 , non-controlling interests: -, total: 57.50 : share-based payments refer note 33 , retained earnings: -, capital reserve: -, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : 356.55, general reserve: -, capital redemption reserve: -, foreign currency translation reserve: -, equity component of financial instruments: -, total: 356.55, non-controlling interests: -, total: 356.55 : add: increase/ decrease during the year, retained earnings: 705.52, total: 705.52, total: 705.52 : balance at 31 march 2022, retained earnings: 194,052.47, capital reserve: 3,395.97, share-based payment reserve refer note 33 : 2,504.24, general reserve: 87.00, capital redemption reserve: 0.59, foreign currency translation reserve: 2,923.63, equity component of financial instruments: 71,162.17, total: 274,126.07, non-controlling interests: 1,914.64, total: 276,040.72 table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 1. corporate information the consolidated financial statements comprise financial statements of re sustainability limited "resl" or “the parent” or “the company” and its subsidiaries, associates and joint venture collectively, the group for the year ended 31 march 2022. the group is a public group domiciled in india and is incorporated under the provisions of the companies act applicable in india.
the registered office of the group is located at level 11b, aurobindo galaxy, hyderabad knowledge city, hitech city road, hyderabad, telangana – 500081. the group is principally engaged in the business of integrated waste management solutions for industrial hazardous waste, municipal waste, biomedical waste, electronic waste, car park services, commercial cleaning services, conservancy services and providing other incidental services.
information on the group's structure is provided in note 34, and information on the other related party relationships of the group is provided in note 35. the consolidated financial statements were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 24 august 2022. 2. significant accounting policies 2.1. basis of preparation the consolidated financial statements of the group have been prepared in accordance with indian accounting standards ind as notified under the companies indian accounting standards rules, 2015 as amended from time to time and presentation requirements of division ii of schedule iii to the companies act, 2013, ind as compliant schedule iii , as applicable to the cfs.
the group prepared its financial statements in accordance accounting standards notified under the section 133 of the companies act 2013, read together with paragraph 7 of the companies accounts rules, 2014. the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which have been measured at fair value: - certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value or amortized cost depending upon classification refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments , and - derivative financial instruments.
2.2. basis of consolidation the consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the group and its subsidiaries as at 31 march 2022. control is achieved when the group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.
specifically, the group controls an investee if and only if the group has: - power over the investee i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee - exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and - the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control.
to support this presumption and when the group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including: - the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee - rights arising from other contractual arrangements auditors' information: for s.r. batliboi & associates llp, chartered accountants, icai firm registration no.
101049w/e300004, per atin bhargava, partner, membership no: 504777. place: hyderabad, date: 24 august 2022. for and on behalf of the board of directors of re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited : m goutham reddy, managing director, din: 00251461; pankaj maharaj, chief financial officer; masood alam mallick, whole time director & ceo, din: 01059902; govind singh, company secretary, membership no.
a41173.
place: hyderabad, date: 24 august 2022. notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated - the group's voting rights and potential voting rights - the size of the group's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of the holdings of the other voting rights holders the group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.
consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the group loses control of the subsidiary.
assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date the group gains control until the date the group ceases to control the subsidiary.
consolidated financial statements are prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other events in similar circumstances.
if a member of the group uses accounting policies other than those adopted in the consolidated financial statements for like transactions and events in similar circumstances, appropriate adjustments are made to that group member's financial statements in preparing the consolidated financial statements to ensure conformity with the group's accounting policies.
the financial statements of all entities used for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up to the same reporting date as that of the parent group, i.e., year ended on 31 march 2022. when the end of the reporting period of the parent is different from that of a subsidiary, the subsidiary prepares, for consolidation purposes, additional financial information as of the same date as the financial statements of the parent to enable the parent to consolidate the financial information of the subsidiary, unless it is impracticable to do so.
consolidation procedure: a combine like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows of the parent with those of its subsidiaries.
for this purpose, income and expenses of the subsidiary are based on the amounts of the assets and liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial statements at the acquisition date.
b offset eliminate the carrying amount of the parent's investment in each subsidiary and the parent's portion of equity of each subsidiary.
c eliminate in full intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between entities of the group.
profits or losses resulting from intragroup transactions that are recognised in assets, such as inventory and fixed assets, are eliminated in full . intragroup losses may indicate an impairment that requires recognition in the consolidated financial statements.
ind as 12 income taxes applies to temporary differences that arise from the elimination of profits and losses resulting from intragroup transactions.
d as the financial assets and intangible assets recognized under service concession arrangement are acquired in exchange for infrastructure construction/upgrading services, gains/losses on intra-group transactions are treated as realized and not eliminated on consolidation.
profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income oci are attributed to the equity holders of the parent of the group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
when necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with the group's accounting policies.
all intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
a change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.
if the group loses control over a subsidiary, it: - derecognises the assets including goodwill and liabilities of the subsidiary - derecognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interests - derecognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity - recognises the fair value of the consideration received - recognises the fair value of any investment retained - recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss - reclassifies the parent's share of components previously recognised in oci to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate, as would be required if the group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
2.3. summary of significant accounting policies a business combinations and goodwill a common control business combination, involving entities or businesses in which all the combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the business combination and where the control is not transitory, is accounted for using the pooling of interests method.
the net assets of the transferor entity or business are accounted at their carrying amounts on the date of the acquisition subject to necessary adjustments required to harmonise accounting policies.
any excess or shortfall of the consideration paid over the share capital of the transferor entity or business is recognised as capital reserve under equity.
other business combinations are accounted using the acquisition method.
goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount recognised for non-controlling interests, and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
after initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
for the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the group's cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.
b investment in associates and joint ventures an associate is an entity over which the group has significant influence.
significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.
a joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture.
joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
the considerations made in determining whether significant influence or joint control are similar to those necessary to determine control over the subsidiaries.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated investments in associate and joint venture the group's investments in its associate and joint venture are accounted for using the equity method.
under the equity method, the investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised at cost.
the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognise changes in the group's share of net assets of the associate or joint venture since the acquisition date.
goodwill relating to the associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is not tested for impairment individually.
the statement of profit and loss reflects the group's share of the results of operations of the associate or joint venture.
any change in oci of those investees is presented as part of the group's oci.
in addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statement of changes in equity.
unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the group and the associate or joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate or joint venture.
if an entity's share of losses of an associate or a joint venture equals or exceeds its interest in the associate or joint venture which includes any long-term interest that, in substance, forms part of the group's net investment in the associate or joint venture , the entity discontinues recognising its share of further losses.
additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.
if the associate or joint venture subsequently reports profits, the entity resumes recognising its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.
the aggregate of the group's share of profit or loss of an associate and a joint venture is shown on the face of the statement of profit and loss.
the financial statements of the associate or joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the group.
when necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the group.
after application of the equity method, the group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on its investment in its associate or joint venture.
at each reporting date, the group determines whether there is objective evidence that the investment in the associate or joint venture is impaired.
if there is such evidence, the group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or joint venture and its carrying value, and then recognises the loss as 'share of profit of an associate and a joint venture' in the statement of profit or loss.
upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value.
any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.
current versus non-current classification the group presents assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current/non-current classification.
an asset is treated as current when it is: expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in normal operating cycle foreign currencies the group's consolidated financial statements are presented in inr, which is also the parent group's functional currency.
for each entity the group determines the functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.
the group uses the direct method of consolidation and on disposal of a foreign operation the gain or loss that is reclassified to profit or loss reflects the amount that arises from using this method.
transactions and balances transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the group's entities at their respective functional currency spot rates at the date the transaction first qualifies for recognition.
however, for practical reasons, the group uses an average rate if the average approximates the actual rate at the date of the transaction.
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency spot rates of exchange at the reporting date.
exchange differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss with the exception of the following: exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of a reporting entity's net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in profit or loss in the separate financial statements of the reporting entity or the individual financial statements of the foreign operation, as appropriate.
in the financial statements that include the foreign operation and the reporting entity e.grams., consolidated financial statements when the foreign operation is a subsidiary , such exchange differences are recognised initially in oci.
notes to consolidated financial statements year ended 31 march 2022 exchange differences: exchange differences are reclassified from equity to profit or loss on the disposal of the net investment.
tax charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on monetary items are recorded in oci.
non-monetary items: non-monetary items measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using exchange rates at the initial transaction dates.
non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using exchange rates at the fair value determination date.
gain or loss arising from translation of non-monetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item.
group companies: on consolidation, assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into inr at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date.
profit or loss statements are translated at exchange rates prevailing at transaction dates.
an average rate is used for income and expense items if it approximates the exchange rates at transaction dates.
exchange differences arising from translation for consolidation are recognized in oci.
on disposal of a foreign operation, the oci component relating to that operation is recognized in profit or loss.
goodwill arising from acquisition/business combinations of foreign operations on or after april 1, 2016, and fair value adjustments are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the spot exchange rate.
goodwill or fair value adjustments arising before april 1, 2016, are treated as assets and liabilities of the entity, not the foreign operation.
no further translation differences occur.
cumulative currency translation differences for all foreign operations are deemed zero as of april 1, 2016. gain or loss on subsequent disposal excludes translation differences that arose before the transition date but includes those arising after.
e fair value measurement: the group measures financial instruments e.grams., derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date.
fair value is the price received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market or, in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market.
notes to consolidated financial statements year ended 31 march 2022 the principal or most advantageous market must be accessible by the group.
fair value of an asset or liability is measured using assumptions market participants would use when pricing, assuming they act in their economic best interest.
a fair value measurement of a non-financial asset considers the market participant's ability to generate economic benefits using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant for that use.
the group uses valuation techniques appropriate in the circumstances, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing unobservable inputs.
assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed are categorized within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input significant to the measurement.
the hierarchy is described as follows: level 1: quoted unadjusted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
level 2: valuation techniques where the lowest significant input is directly or indirectly observable.
level 3: valuation techniques where the lowest significant input is unobservable.
for assets and liabilities recognized on a recurring basis, the group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels by reassessing categorization at the end of each reporting period.
external valuers are involved for significant liability valuations e.grams., contingent consideration . the group's audit committee decides involvement, using selection criteria that include market knowledge, reputation, independence, and maintenance of professional standards.
valuers are rotated every three years.
the audit committee decides, after discussions with external valuers, on valuation techniques and inputs.
at each reporting date, management analyzes movements in asset and liability values that require re-measurement or reassessment per accounting policies.
management verifies major inputs in the latest valuation by comparing information in the computation to contracts and other relevant documents.
management compares the change in fair value of each asset and liability to relevant external sources to determine if the change is reasonable.
on an interim basis, management presents valuation results to the audit committee and independent auditors, including a discussion of major assumptions.
for fair value disclosures, the group has determined classes of assets and liabilities.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated revenue from contract with customer revenue is recognized when control of the goods or services is transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
the group has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements because it typically controls the goods or services before transferring them to the customer.
disclosures of significant accounting judgements, estimates, and assumptions relating to revenue from contracts with customers are provided in note 31. the specific recognition criteria described below must also be met before revenue is recognized.
revenue from waste disposal activities: revenue from user charges towards waste disposal is recognized as and when the related services are performed; i.e., when the waste is collected, transported, and is received at the dumping yards.
sale of power: revenue from the supply of power generated from waste to energy plant is recognized on the supply of units generated from the plant to the grid, as per the terms of the power purchased agreement ppa entered into with the customers.
revenue from turnkey contracts: revenue from turnkey contracts is recognized by reference to the stage of completion of the contract activity.
the group uses the input method in measuring progress because there is a direct relationship between the group's effort and the transfer of goods and service to the customer.
future expected loss, if any, is recognized as and when assessed.
revenue from construction contracts: the group recognizes and measures revenue, costs, and margin for providing construction services during the period of construction of the infrastructure in accordance with ind as 115 'revenue from contracts with customers'.
when the outcome of a construction contract can be estimated reliably and it is probable that it will be profitable, contract revenue and contract costs associated with the construction contract are recognized as revenue and expenses respectively by reference to the percentage of completion of the contract activity at the reporting date.
the percentage of completion of a contract is determined considering the proportion that contract costs incurred for work performed up to the reporting date bear to the estimated total contract costs.
for the purposes of recognizing revenue, contract revenue comprises the initial amount of revenue agreed in the contract, the variations in contract work, claims, and incentive payments to the extent that it is probable that they will result in revenue.
when it is probable that total contract costs will exceed total contract revenue, the expected loss is recognized as an expense in the statement of profit and loss in the period in which such probability occurs.
sale of goods: revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods have passed to the buyer, usually on delivery of the goods.
revenue from the sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns and allowances, trade discounts, and volume rebates.
car park and cleaning business: revenue is recognized when services are rendered to the customers and the customers have accepted the services.
revenue is not recognized to the extent where there are significant uncertainties regarding recovery of the consideration due, associated costs, or the possible return of goods.
significant financing component: generally, the group receives short-term advances from its customers.
using the practical expedient in ind as 115, the group does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if it expects, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer of the promised good or service to the customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less.
the group also receives long-term security deposits from customers.
the transaction price for such contracts is discounted, using the rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the group and its customers at contract inception, to take into consideration the significant financing component.
contract balances contract assets: a contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer.
if the group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognized for the earned consideration that is conditional.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated trade receivables a receivable represents the group's right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional i.e., only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due . contract liabilities a contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the group has received consideration or an amount of consideration is due from the customer.
if a customer pays consideration before the group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised when the payment is made or the payment is due whichever is earlier . contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the group performs under the contract.
interest income for all debt instruments measured either at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income is recorded using the effective interest rate eir . eir is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset or to the amortised cost of a financial liability.
when calculating the effective interest rate, the group estimates the expected cash flows by considering all the contractual terms of the financial instrument for example, prepayment, extension, call and similar options but does not consider the expected credit losses.
interest income is included in finance income in the statement of profit and loss.
dividend income dividend income is recognised when the group's right to receive the payment is established.
rental income rental income arising from operating leases on investment properties is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature.
grams government grants government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached conditions will be complied with.
when the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.
when the grant relates to an asset, it is recognised as income in equal amounts over the expected useful life of the related asset.
when the group receives grants of non-monetary assets, the asset and the grant are recorded at fair value amounts and released to profit or loss over the expected useful life in a pattern of consumption of the benefit of the underlying asset i.e. by equal annual instalments.
when loans or similar assistance are provided by governments or related institutions, with an interest rate below the current applicable market rate, the effect of this favourable interest is regarded as a government grant.
the loan or assistance is initially recognised and measured at fair value and the government grant is measured as the difference between the initial carrying value of the loan and the proceeds received.
the loan is subsequently measured as per the accounting policy applicable to financial liabilities.
h taxes current income tax current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities.
the tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the group operates and generates taxable income.
current income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss either in other comprehensive income or in equity . current tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in oci or directly in equity.
management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
in cases, where the tax on dividend from a foreign subsidiary is allowed as a set off against the group's own dividend distribution tax ddt liability, then the amount of tax paid on foreign dividend is recognised in the statement of changes in equity.
in cases, where the tax on dividend from a subsidiary is allowed as a set off against the group's own dividend distribution tax ddt liability, the tax deducted by the domestic subsidiary is treated as withholding tax recognised in the statement of changes in equity.
the dividend income is recognised in the income statement at an amount including any withholding taxes that is, gross of the withholding tax that has been deducted by the domestic subsidiary . the group recognises interest levied and penalties related to income tax assessments in interest expenses.
deferred tax deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.
deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences.
deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses.
deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except: when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
the carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised.
unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated deferred tax deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss either in other comprehensive income or in equity . deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in oci or directly in equity.
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
in case of tax holiday under the income-tax act, 1961 enacted in india, no deferred tax asset or liability is recognized in respect of temporary differences which reverse during the tax holiday period, to the extent the group’s gross total income is subject to the deduction during the tax holiday period.
deferred tax in respect of temporary differences which reverse after the tax holiday period is recognized in the year in which the temporary differences originate.
however, the group restricts recognition of deferred tax assets to the extent it is probable that sufficient future taxable income will be available against which such deferred tax assets can be realized.
for recognition of deferred taxes, the temporary differences which originate first are considered to reverse first.
minimum alternate tax mat minimum alternate tax mat paid as per indian income tax act, 1961 is in the nature of unused tax credit which can be carried forward and utilized when the group will pay normal income tax during the specified period.
the deferred tax asset is recognized for mat credit available only to the extent that it is probable that the concerned group will pay normal income tax during the specified period, i.e., the period for which mat credit is allowed to be carried forward.
in the year in which the group recognizes mat credit as an asset, it is created by way of credit to the statement of profit and loss and shown as part of deferred tax asset.
the group reviews the "mat credit entitlement" asset at each reporting date and writes down the asset to the extent that it is no longer probable that it will pay normal tax during the specified period.
i property, plant and equipment capital work in progress is stated at cost, net of accumulated impairment loss, if any.
plant and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
such cost includes the cost of replacing part of the plant and equipment and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met.
when significant parts of plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the group depreciates them separately based on their specific useful lives.
likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognized in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied.
all other repair and maintenance costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
the present value of the expected cost for the decommissioning of an asset after its use is included in the cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a provision are met.
refer to note 31 regarding significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions and provisions for further information about the recorded decommissioning provision.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated depreciation depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: - building refer below - roads and other civil infrastructures: 10 years - land fill: based on the actual usage - plant and machinery: 9 years - vehicles: 8 years - lab equipment: 10 years - computers: 3 years - furniture and fixtures: 10 years - office equipment: 5 years landfill costs include costs such as landfill liner material and installation, excavation costs, leachate collection systems, gas collection systems, environmental monitoring equipment for groundwater and landfill gas, directly related engineering costs and other direct costs.
the landfill capacity associated with each landfill is quantified and the landfill costs for each landfill are amortized over the capacity associated with the landfill as the capacity is utilized using units of consumption method.
the group, based on technical assessment made by technical expert and management estimate, depreciates certain items of land development, building, plant and equipment over estimated useful lives which are different from the useful life prescribed in schedule ii to the companies act, 2013. the management believes that these estimated useful lives are realistic and reflect fair approximation of the period over which the assets are likely to be used.
an item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognized is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.
any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is included in the statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognized.
the residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
j investment properties investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs.
subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any.
the cost includes the cost of replacing parts and borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met.
when significant parts of the investment property are required to be replaced at intervals, the group depreciates them separately based on their specific useful lives.
all other repair and maintenance costs are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
though the group measures investment property using cost based measurement, the fair value of investment property is disclosed in the notes.
fair values are determined based on an annual evaluation performed by an internal/external independent valuer.
investment properties are de-recognized either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal.
the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognized in profit or loss in the period of de-recognition.
322 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 323 notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated k intangible assets and intangible assets under development under appendix c to ind as 115, concession arrangements are accounted for based on the nature of the consideration.
the intangible asset model is used to the extent that the group receives a right to charge users of the public service.
the financial asset model is used when the group has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset from or at the direction of the grantor for the construction services.
the group has determined that both intangible asset model and financial asset model are applicable to the agreement as the group is entitled to receive grant financial asset which falls due based on the construction activity completed by the group, which is certified by an independent engineer appointed as per the terms of the contract and is also entitled to tipping fee towards waste disposed intangible asset . any asset carried under concession agreement is derecognised on disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its future use or disposal or when the contractual rights to the financial asset expire.
recognition and measurement under the sca, where the group has received the right to charge the user of the public service, acquired contractual rights to receive specified determinable amounts, such rights are recognised and classified as "financial assets", even though payments are contingent on the group ensuring that the infrastructure meets the specified quality or efficiency requirements.
such financial assets are classified as “receivables against service concession arrangement".
in addition to the above-mentioned amounts, the group has also received the right to charge the users of a public service; such rights are recognised and classified as "intangible assets".
such right is not an unconditional right to receive consideration because the amounts are contingent to the extent that the project receives waste and thus are recognised and classified as intangible assets.
such an intangible asset is recognised by the group at cost which is the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the construction services delivered and is capitalised when each component of the project is complete in all respects.
subsequent to initial recognition, the intangible asset is measured at cost, less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
revenue from construction contracts the group recognizes and measures revenue, costs and margin for providing construction services during the period of construction of the infrastructure in accordance with ind as 115 'revenue from contracts with customers'.
when the outcome of a construction contract can be estimated reliably and it is probable that it will be profitable, contract revenue and contract costs associated with the construction contract are recognised as revenue and expenses respectively by reference to the percentage of completion of the contract activity at the reporting date.
the percentage of completion of a contract is determined considering the proportion that contract costs incurred for work performed up to the reporting date bear to the estimated total contract costs.
for the purposes of recognising revenue, contract revenue comprises the initial amount of revenue agreed in the contract, the variations in contract work, claims and incentive payments to the extent that it is probable that they will result in revenue and they are capable of being reliably measured.
costs incurred for rendering the construction services, exchanged for the intangible asset and financial asset, include all costs that are directly related to the construction of the project and include all overheads other than those relating to general administration of the group.
the percentage of completion method is applied on a cumulative basis in each accounting period to the current estimates of contract revenue and contract costs.
the effect of a change in the estimate of contract revenue or contract costs, or the effect of a change in the estimate of the outcome of a contract, is accounted for as a change in accounting estimate and the effect of which are recognised in the statement of profit and loss in the period in which the change is made and in subsequent periods.
when the outcome of a construction contract cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognised only to the extent of contract costs incurred of which recovery is probable and the related contract costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
when it is probable that total contract costs will exceed total contract revenue, the expected loss is recognised as an expense in the statement of profit and loss in the period in which such probability occurs.
borrowing costs project-specific borrowing costs are capitalised to the extent that they relate to the intangible asset until the capitalisation of intangible asset.
all other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
where funds are temporarily invested pending their expenditures on the intangible asset, any investment income earned, to the extent that it relates to the intangible asset are reduced from the borrowing cost capitalised.
amortisation of intangible asset under sca the intangible rights which are recognised in the form of right to collect tipping fee, except for landfill costs are amortised on a straight-line basis from the date of capitalisation over the concession period.
the landfill cost is amortised on the basis of capacity utilised by waste dumped in the landfills.
contractual obligation to restore the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability the group has contractual obligation to maintain the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability during the concession period and at the time of handover to the grantor of the sca.
such obligations are measured at the best estimate of the expenditure that would be required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date.
the timing and amount of such cost are estimated and recognised on a discounted basis by creating a provision for replacement and capitalising the costs to intangible assets and amortised on a straight-line basis over the concession period.
the provision for replacement is unwound over its life using effective interest rate method.
other than service concession arrangements intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost.
following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated n leases the group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease.
that is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
group as a lessee the group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets.
the group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
i right-of-use assets the group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use . for leases previously classified as operating leases under ind as 17, the company has elected the option to recognise right-of-use asset at the date of initial application equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to that lease recognised in the balance sheet immediately before the date of initial application as per paragraph c8 b ii of ind as 116. right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of lease liabilities.
the cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
unless the company is reasonably certain to obtain ii lease liabilities at the commencement date of the lease, the group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term.
the lease payments include fixed payments including in substance fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees.
the lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising the option to terminate.
variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses unless they are incurred to produce inventories in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
in calculating the present value of lease payments, the group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
after the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made.
in addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments e.grams., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
the group's lease liabilities are included in interest-bearing loans and borrowings see note 13 iii short-term leases and leases of low-value assets the group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option . it also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to those items that are considered to be low value.
lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
group as a lessor leases in which the company does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases.
rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.
initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.
contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.
meter borrowing costs borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset.
all other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
borrowing cost also includes exchange differences to the extent regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
the content is entirely textual.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 o inventories inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition are accounted for as follows: raw materials: cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis.
finished goods and work in progress: cost includes cost of direct materials and labor and a proportion of manufacturing overheads based on the normal operating capacity, but excluding borrowing costs.
cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis.
traded goods: cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
cost is determined on a weighted average basis.
initial cost of inventories includes the transfer of gains and losses on qualifying cash flow hedges, recognized in oci, in respect of the purchases of raw materials.
net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
p impairment of non-financial assets the group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.
if any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the group estimates the asset's recoverable amount.
an asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating unit's cgu fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.
recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets.
when the carrying amount of an asset or cgu exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
in assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
in determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account.
if no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used.
these calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share prices for publicly traded companies or other available fair value indicators.
the group bases its impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations, which are prepared separately for each of the group cgus to which the individual assets are allocated.
these budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a period of five years.
for longer periods, a long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to project future cash flows after the fifth year.
to estimate cash flow projections beyond periods covered by the most recent budgets/forecasts, the group extrapolates cash flow projections in the budget using a steady or declining growth rate for subsequent years, unless an increasing rate can be justified.
in any case, this growth rate does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the products, industries, or country or countries in which the entity operates, or for the market in which the asset is used.
impairment losses, including impairment on inventories, are recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
for assets excluding goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date to determine whether there is an indication that previously recognized impairment losses no longer exist or have decreased.
if such indication exists, the group estimates the asset's or cgu's recoverable amount.
a previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized.
the reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years.
goodwill is tested for impairment annually as at each reporting date and when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.
q provisions general provisions are recognized when the group has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
when the group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is recognized as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.
the expense relating to a provision is presented in the statement of profit and loss net of any reimbursement.
if the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.
when discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.
provision for capping the cost for final capping for each landfill is estimated based on the area to be capped and the capping materials and activities required.
the estimate also considers when these costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates.
these costs are reviewed annually, or more often if significant facts change.
the total cost of capping is charged to the statement of profit or loss over the capacity associated with the landfill as the capacity is utilized.
the provision for capping is unwound over its life using effective interest rate method.
changes in estimates, such as timing or cost of construction, for final capping are charged off to the statement of profit and loss prospectively.
provision for post closure the estimates for post-closure costs are based on the regulatory and contractual requirements for post-closure monitoring and maintenance.
the estimates for post-closure costs also considers when the costs are anticipated to be paid and factor in inflation and discount rates.
the possibility of changing legal notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated provision for incineration provision for incinerations recorded in the financial statement as at the year-end is derived on the basis of estimated cost of treating the incinerable waste in the facility.
such an estimate is made based on the average actual per ton cost incurred by the group.
r employee benefits post employment benefits defined contribution plan retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is a defined contribution scheme.
the group has no obligation, other than the contribution payable to the provident fund.
the group recognizes contribution payable to the provident fund scheme as an expense, when an employee renders the related service.
if the contribution payable to the scheme for service received before the balance sheet date exceeds the contribution already paid, the deficit payable to the scheme is recognized as a liability after deducting the contribution already paid.
if the contribution already paid exceeds the contribution due for services received before the balance sheet date, then excess is recognized as an asset to the extent that the pre-payment will lead to, for example, a reduction in future payment or a cash refund.
defined benefit plan gratuity liability for eligible employees are defined benefit obligation and are provided for on the basis of an actuarial valuation on projected unit credit method made at the end of each financial year.
obligation is measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using discounted rate that is determined by reference to market yields at the balance sheet date on government securities where the currency and terms of the government securities are consistent with the currency and estimated terms of the defined benefit obligation.
re measurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through oci in the period in which they occur.
re measurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
past service costs are recognised in profit or loss on the earlier of: the date of the plan amendment or curtailment, and the date that the group recognises related restructuring costs.
net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.
the group recognises the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation as an expense in the statement of profit and loss: notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-routine settlements; and net interest expense or income changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit or loss as past service cost.
compensated absence the employees are entitled to accumulate leave subject to certain limits, for future encashment, as per policy of the group.
accrual towards compensated absences at the end of the financial year are based on last salary drawn and outstanding leave absence at the end of the financial year.
the liability towards such unutilised leave at the end of each balance sheet date is determined based on independent actuarial valuation and recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
s share-based payments employees of the group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as consideration for equity instruments equity-settled transactions . equity-settled transactions the cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using an appropriate valuation model.
that cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in share-based payment sbp reserves in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefits expense.
the cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the group's best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest.
the statement of profit and loss expense or credit for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period and is recognised in employee benefits expense.
service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the group's best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest.
market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value.
any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions.
non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.
no expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been met.
where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vested irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.
when the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, the minimum expense recognised is the expense had the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met.
an additional expense is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payment notes : this markdown represents the extracted text from the provided image.
no tables or charts were present in the image.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated financial instruments a financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.
financial assets initial recognition and measurement financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized cost and fair value through profit or loss.
the classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the group's business model for managing them.
with the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the group has applied the practical expedient, the group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under ind as 115. refer to the accounting policies in section - revenue from contracts with customers.
in order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are 'solely payments of principal and interest sppi ' on the principal amount outstanding.
this assessment is referred to as the sppi test and is performed at an instrument level.
the group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows.
the business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.
subsequent measurement for purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in three categories: debt instruments at amortized cost debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income fvtoci debt instruments, derivatives and equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl debt instruments at amortized cost a 'debt instrument' is measured at the amortized cost if both the following conditions are met: the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash flows, and the asset's contractual cash flows represent sppi.
this category is the most relevant to the group.
after initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate eir method.
amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the eir.
the eir amortization is included in finance income in the profit or loss.
the losses arising from impairment are recognized in the profit or loss.
this category generally applies to trade and other receivables.
for more information on receivables, refer to note 6d.
debt instrument at fvtoci a 'debt instrument' is classified as at the fvtoci if both of the following criteria are met: the objective of the business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets, and the asset's contractual cash flows represent sppi.
debt instruments included within the fvtoci category are measured initially as well as at each reporting date at fair value.
fair value movements are recognized in the other comprehensive income oci . however, the group recognizes interest income, impairment losses and reversals and foreign exchange gain or loss in the statement of profit and loss.
on derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in oci is reclassified from the equity to profit and loss.
interest earned whilst holding fvtoci debt instrument is reported as interest income using the eir method.
debt instruments at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl fvtpl is a residual category for debt instruments.
any debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for categorization as at amortized cost or as fvtoci, is classified as at fvtpl.
debt instruments included within the fvtpl category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
derecognition a financial asset or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets is primarily derecognized i.e., removed from the group's balance sheet when: the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or the group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either a the group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or b the group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
when the group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership.
when it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards note: there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated impairment of financial assets in accordance with ind as 109, the group applies the expected credit loss ecl model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the following financial assets and credit risk exposure: financial assets that are debt instruments: measured at amortized cost e.grams., loans, debt securities, deposits, trade receivables, and bank balance . trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset: resulting from transactions within the scope of ind as 115. financial guarantee contracts: not measured as at fvtpl.
the group follows a simplified approach for recognizing impairment loss allowance on trade and other receivables.
this approach does not require the group to track changes in credit risk.
impairment loss allowance is recognized based on lifetime ecls at each reporting date, from initial recognition.
for recognition of impairment loss on other financial assets and risk exposure, the group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
if credit risk has not increased significantly, 12-month ecl is used.
if credit risk has increased significantly, lifetime ecl is used.
if credit quality improves in a subsequent period such that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the entity reverts to recognizing impairment loss allowance based on 12-month ecl.
lifetime ecl represents expected credit losses from all possible default events over a financial instrument's expected life.
12-month ecl is a portion of lifetime ecl resulting from default events possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
ecl is the difference between all contractual cash flows due to the group and all cash flows the entity expects to receive all cash shortfalls , discounted at the original eir.
equity investments all equity investments within the scope of ind as 109 are measured at fair value.
equity instruments held for trading are classified as at fvtpl.
for all other equity instruments, the group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income.
this election is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable.
if the group decides to classify an equity instrument as at fvtoci, then all fair value changes on the instrument excluding dividends are recognized in the oci.
there is no recycling of amounts from oci to the statement of profit and loss, even on the sale of investment.
however, the group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.
equity instruments in the fvtpl category are measured at fair value, with all changes recognized in the statement of profit and loss.
non-derivative financial assets - service concession arrangements the group recognizes a financial asset arising from a service concession arrangement when it has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset from, or at the direction of, the grantor of the concession for construction or upgrade services.
such financial assets are measured at fair value upon initial recognition and classified as trade receivables.
subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at amortized cost.
if the group is paid for construction services partly by a financial asset and partly by an intangible asset, each component of the consideration is accounted for separately and is initially recognized at its fair value.
financial liabilities initial recognition and measurement financial liabilities are classified at initial recognition as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, or payables, as appropriate.
all financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
the group's financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank overdrafts , and derivative financial instruments.
subsequent measurement the measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification: financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: these include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.
financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are so designated only if the criteria in ind as 109 are satisfied.
for liabilities designated as fvtpl, fair value gains/losses attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognized in oci.
these gains/losses are not subsequently transferred to the statement of profit and loss.
however, the group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.
all other changes in fair value are recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
the group has not designated any financial liability as at fair value through profit or loss.
loans and borrowings: this is the most relevant category for the group.
after initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the eir method.
gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognized, as well as through the eir amortization process.
amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium.
notes to consolidated financial statements year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated derecognition a financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.
when an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability.
the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
offsetting of financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
u cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
for the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits, as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the group's cash management.
v dividend the group recognises a liability to make cash or non-cash distributions to equity holders of the parent when the distribution is authorised and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the group.
as per the corporate laws in india, a distribution is authorised when it is approved by the shareholders.
a corresponding amount is recognised directly in equity.
w earnings per share basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss attributable to equity holders after deducting preference dividends and attributable taxes by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
for the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
4a.
property, plant and equipment table: property, plant and equipment year ended 31 march 2022 category: freehold land, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 3,034.17, additions during the year: 22.80, deletions/adjustments: 135.06 , exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 3,056.97, additions during the year: 1,074.43, deletions/adjustments: 24.50 , exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 4,106.90, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 486.23, for the year: 59.47, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 3,385.89, as at 31 march 2022: 12,775.26 category: buildings, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 11,518.42, additions during the year: 623.68, deletions/adjustments: 691.60 , exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 12,007.04, additions during the year: 1,259.09, deletions/adjustments: 490.87 , exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 12,775.26, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 3,385.89, for the year: 602.57, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 3,944.83, as at 31 march 2022: 15,929.03 category: plant and equipment, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 24,846.50, additions during the year: 7,154.42, deletions/adjustments: 5.08 , exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 31,383.35, additions during the year: 4,158.38, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 35,077.57, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 12,277.35, for the year: 4,168.27, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 14,259.37, as at 31 march 2022: 12,775.26 category: roads and other civil infrastructure, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 2,712.41, additions during the year: 206.35, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 2,913.68, additions during the year: 478.72, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 3,392.40, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 1,084.12, for the year: 13.78, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 1,084.12, as at 31 march 2022: 1,084.12 category: landfill and fixtures, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 11,422.09, additions during the year: 1,151.34, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 12,573.43, additions during the year: 2,651.73, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 14,259.37, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 3,865.75, for the year: 88.31, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 3,944.83, as at 31 march 2022: 14,259.37 category: furniture, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 232.02, additions during the year: 100.87, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 329.45, additions during the year: 65.47, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 394.58, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 57.18, for the year: 26.22, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 82.28, as at 31 march 2022: 246.73 category: vehicles, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 7,806.39, additions during the year: 2,121.13, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 8,532.81, additions during the year: 1,666.49, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 10,199.30, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 3,865.75, for the year: 40.53, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 3,906.28, as at 31 march 2022: 10,199.30 category: equipment, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 1,084.01, additions during the year: 274.74, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 1,349.60, additions during the year: 416.97, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 1,766.57, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 526.36, for the year: 124.22, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 650.58, as at 31 march 2022: 1,766.57 category: lab equipment, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 439.01, additions during the year: 53.63, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 492.64, additions during the year: 139.21, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 631.85, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 219.90, for the year: 82.28, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 302.18, as at 31 march 2022: 631.85 category: office equipment, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 328.97, additions during the year: 82.57, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 411.54, additions during the year: 145.85, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 557.39, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 219.90, for the year: 82.28, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 302.18, as at 31 march 2022: 557.39 category: solar, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 441.07, additions during the year: 114.04, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 555.11, additions during the year: 12.84, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 567.95, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 219.90, for the year: 0.54, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 220.44, as at 31 march 2022: 567.95 category: computers, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 246.73, additions during the year: 0.54, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 247.27, additions during the year: 246.73, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 493.00, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 246.73, for the year: 0.54, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 247.27, as at 31 march 2022: 494.00 category: containers, gross block as at 01 april 2020 : 64,111.79, additions during the year: 73,222.21, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 137,334.00, additions during the year: 82,726.21, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2022: 220,060.21, accumulated depreciation as at 01 april 2020 : 33,825.63, for the year: 7,306.76, deletions/adjustments: -, exchange differences: -, as at 31 march 2021: 41,132.39, as at 31 march 2022: 220,060.21 category: total table end.
notes : all amounts are in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data.
the table consolidates data from two separate tables in the original image for improved readability.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: property, plant and equipment pp&e - 31 march 2022 category: freehold land, as at 31 march 2022: 26.22, as at 31 march 2021: 2,511.27, net block: 15,454.32 category: buildings, as at 31 march 2022: 646.09, as at 31 march 2021: 8,062.21, net block: 13,808.30 category: plant and equipment, as at 31 march 2022: 5,597.78, as at 31 march 2021: 8,343.99 category: roads and other civil infrastructure, as at 31 march 2022: 140.90, as at 31 march 2021: 1,179.13 category: landfill and fixtures, as at 31 march 2022: 1,763.94, as at 31 march 2021: 832.83 category: furniture and fixtures, as at 31 march 2022: 50.82, as at 31 march 2021: 234.08 category: vehicles, as at 31 march 2022: 1,118.39, as at 31 march 2021: 5,052.06 category: lab equipment, as at 31 march 2022: 145.01, as at 31 march 2021: 707.41 category: office equipment, as at 31 march 2022: 102.16, as at 31 march 2021: 172.27 category: computers, as at 31 march 2022: 108.06, as at 31 march 2021: 135.55 category: containers, as at 31 march 2022: 0.33, as at 31 march 2021: 77.75 category: solar pond, as at 31 march 2022: 23.58, as at 31 march 2021: 54.17 category: total , as at 31 march 2022: 9,723.28 , as at 31 march 2021: 34,425.32 , net block: 36,332.86 table end.
notes: some amounts are presented in brackets, indicating negative values.
details on deletions/adjustments and exchange differences are also provided.
3b.
capital work in progress cwip opening balance: 7,566.26 add: additions during the year: 21,261.17 less: capitalisation during the year: 12,056.34 total: 16,771.09 table: ageing schedule of capital work in progress particulars: <1 year, as at 31 march 2022: 13,715.30, as at 31 march 2021: 5,430.44 particulars: 1-2 years, as at 31 march 2022: 2,440.78, as at 31 march 2021: 1,519.78 particulars: 2-3 years, as at 31 march 2022: 307.56, as at 31 march 2021: 519.24 particulars: more than 3 years, as at 31 march 2022: 307.45, as at 31 march 2021: 49.18 particulars: total , as at 31 march 2022: 16,771.09 , as at 31 march 2021: 7,566.26 table end.
completion schedule of overdue projects: table showing a list of overdue projects, their completion status, and estimated completion time.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: project completion timeline particulars: projects in progress particulars: arm recycling plant project - recycling particulars: orissa waste management project - iwm particulars: uttar pradesh waste management project - iwm particulars: karnataka waste management project - iwm particulars: balotra waste management project - iwm particulars: mumbai waste management project - iwm particulars: mumbai waste management project - solvent recovery facility particulars: adityapur waste management private limited particulars: west bengal waste management project - iwm unit 2 particulars: west bengal waste management project - iwm particulars: coastal waste management project - iwm ii particulars: hyderabad waste management project - iwm particulars: punjab waste management project - iwm particulars: madhurai project - iwm particulars: madhya pradesh waste management project - iwm particulars: rajasthan waste management project - iwm particulars: other projects individually below rs 20 lakhs each particulars: projects temporarily suspended table end.
4. investment property table: investment property cost : cost : as at 01 april 2020, freehold land: 8.12, total: 8.12 : additions during the year, freehold land: -, total: - : deletions / adjustments, freehold land: -, total: - : as at 31 march 2021, freehold land: 8.12, total: 8.12 : additions during the year, freehold land: -, total: - : deletions / adjustments, freehold land: -, total: - : as at 31 march 2022, freehold land: 8.12, total: 8.12 table end.
fair values of investment property details of investment property and information about the fair value hierarchy as at 31 march 2021 and 31 march 2022, are as follows: the fair value of the land is determined with the help of internal technical department.
valuation is based on government rates, market research, market trend and comparable values as considered appropriate.
table: fair value hierarchy fair value hierarchy: level 3, fair value as at 31 march 2022: 9.35, fair value as at 31 march 2021: 9.35 table end.
5a.
goodwill table: goodwill data : opening, 31 march 2022: 3,945.39, 31 march 2021: 1,424.12 : acquisition of subsidiaries , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2,521.27 : sale of subsidiaries, 31 march 2022: 20.25 , 31 march 2021: - 31 march 2022: 3,925.14, 31 march 2021: 3,945.39 table end.
during previous year, ramky international singapore pte.
ltd, a subsidiary of holding company has acquired 100.00% equity shares of ramky north america llc along with its subsidiary nature environmental & marine services llc engaged in the business of marine waste treatment operations for rs.
2796.19. the group had accounted for business combination based on fair value of the identified assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities as on date of acquisition and recognised goodwill of rs.
2,133.89.
during previous year, medicare environmental management private limited, a subsidiary of holding company has acquired 74.00% equity shares of alliance envirocare company private limited engaged in the business of bio medical waste treatment operations for rs.
543.90. the group has accounted for business combination based on fair value of the identified assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities as on date of acquisition and recognised goodwill of rs.
387.38. accordingly, the goodwill previously recognised at the time of acquisition of subsidiary was adjusted.
during the year, the company has sold its entire investment in b&g solar private limited for consideration net of early payment interest of rs.
534.94 and recognized a gain of rs 206.04. notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 5b.
intangible assets table: intangible assets category: gross block category: as at 01 april 2020, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 120,848.32, customer contracts: 384.63, computer software: 61.22, total: 121,294.17 category: additions during the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 74,308.95, customer contracts: 3.81, computer software: 288.82, total: 74,601.58 category: deletions / adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 225.81 , customer contracts: -, computer software: 1.57 , total: 227.38 category: as at 31 march 2021, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 194,931.46, customer contracts: 388.44, computer software: 348.47, total: 195,668.37 category: additions during the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 25,491.67, customer contracts: -, computer software: 110.85, total: 25,602.52 category: deletions / adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 2,497.66 , customer contracts: -, computer software: -, total: 2,497.66 category: as at 31 march 2022, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 217,925.47, customer contracts: 388.44, computer software: 459.32, total: 218,773.23 category: amortization category: as at 01 april 2020, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 27,704.27, customer contracts: 383.23, computer software: 17.12, total: 28,104.62 category: for the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 11,385.32, customer contracts: -, computer software: 32.14, total: 11,417.46 category: deletions / adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 1.04 , customer contracts: -, computer software: -, total: 1.04 category: as at 31 march 2021, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 39,089.59, customer contracts: 383.23, computer software: 48.22, total: 39,521.04 category: for the year, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 15,831.96, customer contracts: -, computer software: 120.49, total: 15,952.45 category: deletions / adjustments, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 309.11 , customer contracts: -, computer software: -, total: 309.11 category: as at 31 march 2022, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 54,612.44, customer contracts: 383.23, computer software: 168.71, total: 55,164.38 category: net block category: as at 31 march 2021, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 155,841.87, customer contracts: 5.21, computer software: 300.25, total: 156,147.34 category: as at 31 march 2022, intangible assets under service concession arrangement: 163,313.03, customer contracts: 5.21, computer software: 290.61, total: 163,608.86 table end.
5c.
intangible assets under development table: intangible assets under development category: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 15,399.29, 31 march 2021: 51,986.83 category: add: additions during the year, 31 march 2022: 33,087.34, 31 march 2021: 34,458.60 category: less: capitalisation during the year, 31 march 2022: 19,968.30 , 31 march 2021: 70,842.22 category: less: deletion during the year, 31 march 2022: 348.28 , 31 march 2021: 203.92 category: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 28,170.05, 31 march 2021: 15,399.29 table end.
ageing schedule of intangible assets under development: this section requires a table, but the image is unclear.
please provide a clearer image for accurate extraction.
completion schedule of overdue projects: this section requires a table, but the image is unclear.
please provide a clearer image for accurate extraction.
— page from integrated annual report 2021-22 5d.
leases set out below are the carrying amounts of the group's right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and the movements during the period: particulars: right-of-use assets, as at 01 april, 2020: 4,751.51, as at 31 march, 2021: 5,800.12, as at 31 march, 2022: 6,678.88 particulars: lease liabilities, as at 01 april, 2020: 4,624.37, as at 31 march, 2021: 4,347.15, as at 31 march, 2022: 3,692.01 particulars: additions, as at 01 april, 2020: 2,841.74, as at 31 march, 2021: 4,339.71, as at 31 march, 2022: 4,339.71 particulars: depreciation expense, as at 01 april, 2020: 1,877.93 , as at 31 march, 2021: 1,249.41 , as at 31 march, 2022: 2,228.39 particulars: interest expense, as at 01 april, 2020: -, as at 31 march, 2021: 355.23, as at 31 march, 2022: 355.23 particulars: payments, as at 01 april, 2020: -, as at 31 march, 2021: 3,744.06 , as at 31 march, 2022: 3,744.06 particulars: exchange differences, as at 01 april, 2020: 84.80, as at 31 march, 2021: 16.84, as at 31 march, 2022: 16.84 table end.
the following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss: particulars: depreciation expense of right-of-use assets, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 2,228.39, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 1,877.93 particulars: interest expense on lease liabilities, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 355.23, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 243.94 particulars: rent expense - short-term leases, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 497.71, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 546.50 particulars: total amounts recognised in profit or loss, for the year ended 31 march 2022: 3,081.33, for the year ended 31 march 2021: 2,668.37 table end.
6b.
loans unsecured and considered good unless otherwise stated : non current : inter corporate deposits to related party, 31 march 2022: 3,448.30, 31 march 2021: 2,071.42 : inter corporate deposits to related parties refer note 35 , 31 march 2022: 528.45, 31 march 2021: 1,144.64 : inter corporate deposit to others, 31 march 2022: 3,976.75, 31 march 2021: 3,216.06 table end.
6c.
other financial asset unsecured and considered good unless otherwise stated : non current : security deposits, 31 march 2022: 2,455.51, 31 march 2021: 1,318.70 : deposit with remaining maturity more than 12 months , 31 march 2022: 12,951.13, 31 march 2021: 11,964.98 : receivable from service concession arrangement, 31 march 2022: 10,262.94, 31 march 2021: 10,358.38 : earnest money deposits, 31 march 2022: 416.03, 31 march 2021: 126.30 : less: provision for earnest money deposits, 31 march 2022: 70.21 , 31 march 2021: 66.33 : current : security deposits, 31 march 2022: 277.62, 31 march 2021: 1,043.05 : retention money receivable, 31 march 2022: 269.21, 31 march 2021: 224.39 : earnest money deposit, 31 march 2022: 630.33, 31 march 2021: 917.03 : other receivables, 31 march 2022: 634.61, 31 march 2021: 273.45 : government grant receivable, 31 march 2022: 874.00, 31 march 2021: 805.56 : interest accrued, 31 march 2022: 330.40, 31 march 2021: 239.28 table end.
represents term deposits that will be released during maintenance/post closure period of land fills, balances with banks held as margin money or security deposit against guarantees and other commitments.
includes dsra of rs.
5790.70 6d.
trade receivables : non current : trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 10,294.66, 31 march 2021: 10,608.26 : less: allowance for doubtful debts, 31 march 2022: 10,294.66 , 31 march 2021: 7,339.62 : current : trade receivables from related parties, 31 march 2022: 5,153.95, 31 march 2021: 4,198.42 : trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 107,729.82, 31 march 2021: 77,941.07 : less: allowance for doubtful debts, 31 march 2022: 12,791.91 , 31 march 2021: 13,874.78 table end.
6a.
investments : non current : investments at fair value through profit or loss - unquoted : equity shares of rs.
10/- each fully paid-up : pithampur auto cluster limited, 31 march 2022: 101.50, 31 march 2021: 101.50 : oman maritime waste treatment saoc, 31 march 2022: 19.37, 31 march 2021: 19.37 table end.
note: 6d-1 there are no trade receivables due from private companies/partnership firm in which group's director is a director/partner.
note: 6d-2 trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally receivable on terms mutually agreed with the customers.
note: 6d-3 for trade receivables from related party refer note 35. notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated ageing schedule of trade receivables: particulars: as at 31 march 2022 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - considered good, not due: 5,405.31, <1 year: 61,467.93, 1-2 years: 11,628.53, 2-3 years: 2,775.95, 3 years: 1,651.65, total: 108,124.61 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - considered doubtful, not due: -, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: 163.79, 3 years: 1,548.27, total: 1,712.05 particulars: disputed trade receivables - considered good, not due: -, <1 year: 356.99, 1-2 years: 1,274.23, 2-3 years: 1,866.07, 3 years: 9,844.48, total: 13,341.76 particulars: disputed trade receivables - considered doubtful, not due: -, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, 3 years: -, total: - particulars: as at 31 march 2021 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - considered good, not due: 4,114.70, <1 year: 32,724.07, 1-2 years: 9,018.07, 2-3 years: 1,701.42, 3 years: 1,189.95, total: 75,411.93 particulars: undisputed trade receivables - considered doubtful, not due: -, <1 year: 0.76, 1-2 years: 1.62, 2-3 years: 57.17, 3 years: 1,329.00, total: 1,388.55 particulars: disputed trade receivables - considered good, not due: -, <1 year: 1,357.96, 1-2 years: 1,951.84, 2-3 years: 3,430.15, 3 years: 9,207.31, total: 15,947.27 particulars: disputed trade receivables - considered doubtful, not due: -, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, 3 years: -, total: - table end.
relationship with struck off companies name of the struck off company: indus bio-naturals private ltd., nature of transactions: trade receivables, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 1.01, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 1.01, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: 1.01, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 1.01 name of the struck off company: pyrotek india pvt ltd, nature of transactions: trade receivables, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.14, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.14, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: 0.03, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.17 name of the struck off company: sew-eurorive india pvt.ltd., nature of transactions: trade receivables, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.14, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.04, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -0.07, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.07 table end.
6e.
cash and cash equivalents : cash on hand, 31 march 2022: 24.37, 31 march 2021: 70.41 : balances with banks: : on current account, 31 march 2022: 17,689.14, 31 march 2021: 15,517.63 : deposit with original maturity of less than 3 months, 31 march 2022: 31,003.93, 31 march 2021: 2,195.06 31 march 2022: 48,717.44, 31 march 2021: 17,783.10 table end.
6f.
bank balance other than cash and cash equivalent : non-current, 31 march 2022: 2,380.99, 31 march 2021: 2,138.56 : current, 31 march 2022: 4,032.89, 31 march 2021: 6,347.30 table end.
represents balances with banks held as margin money or security deposit against guarantees and other commitments.
7. inventories valued at lower of cost and net realisable value : raw materials, tools and spares, 31 march 2022: 4,435.10, 31 march 2021: 3,540.12 : finished goods, 31 march 2022: 461.31, 31 march 2021: 309.92 31 march 2022: 4,896.41, 31 march 2021: 3,850.04 table end.
8. deferred tax assets net : mat credit, 31 march 2022: 13,806.07, 31 march 2021: - : deferred tax asset net , 31 march 2022: 1,438.36, 31 march 2021: 14,923.21 31 march 2022: 15,244.43, 31 march 2021: 14,923.21 table end.
9. non-current tax assets : advance income tax net of provision for income tax , 31 march 2022: 6,336.92, 31 march 2021: 3,940.90 table end.
changes in liabilities arising from financing activities : 01 april 2021 : cash flows, current borrowings: 8,498.20, non-current borrowings: 39,747.62 : reclassification, current borrowings: 1,945.07, non-current borrowings: 33,951.38 : others, current borrowings: 3,017.29, non-current borrowings: 3,017.29 : 31 march 2022 , current borrowings: 13,460.56, non-current borrowings: 70,681.71 : 01 april 2020 : cash flows, current borrowings: 2,457.37, non-current borrowings: 50,577.99 : reclassification, current borrowings: 1,153.85 , non-current borrowings: 3,635.69 : others, current borrowings: 7,218.93, non-current borrowings: 7,218.93 table end.
break up of financial assets carried at amortised cost : inter corporate deposits current , 31 march 2022: 3,976.75, 31 march 2021: 3,216.06 : trade receivables current , 31 march 2022: 100,091.86, 31 march 2021: 68,264.71 : trade receivables non current , 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 3,268.64 : cash and cash equivalent, 31 march 2022: 48,717.44, 31 march 2021: 17,783.10 : bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents current , 31 march 2022: 4,032.89, 31 march 2021: 6,347.30 : bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents non current , 31 march 2022: 2,380.99, 31 march 2021: 2,138.56 : other financial asset current , 31 march 2022: 3,016.17, 31 march 2021: 3,502.76 : other financial asset non current , 31 march 2022: 26,015.40, 31 march 2021: 23,702.03 : total financial assets carried at amortised cost , 31 march 2022: 188,231.50, 31 march 2021: 128,223.16 table end.
10. other assets unsecured and considered good unless otherwise stated item: non-current item: capital advances, 31 march 2022: 9,838.69, 31 march 2021: 6,595.66 item: retention money receivable item: considered good - unsecured, 31 march 2022: 14,456.96, 31 march 2021: 11,564.03 item: unsecured - considered doubtful, 31 march 2022: 71.82, 31 march 2021: 60.94 item: impairment allowance doubtful asset, 31 march 2022: 71.82 , 31 march 2021: 60.94 item: balances with government authority, 31 march 2022: 657.20, 31 march 2021: 616.78 item: prepayments, 31 march 2022: 238.20, 31 march 2021: 174.79 item: total non-current , 31 march 2022: 25,229.03 , 31 march 2021: 18,951.26 item: current item: advances to supplier and service providers , 31 march 2022: 4,567.73, 31 march 2021: 4,455.85 item: less: provision for advances to supplier and service provider, 31 march 2022: 293.51 , 31 march 2021: 53.85 item: contract assets, 31 march 2022: 4,274.22, 31 march 2021: 4,402.00 item: retention money receivable item: considered good - unsecured, 31 march 2022: 2,143.47, 31 march 2021: 2,953.30 item: unsecured - considered doubtful, 31 march 2022: 373.68, 31 march 2021: 262.52 item: impairment allowance doubtful receivable, 31 march 2022: 373.68 , 31 march 2021: 262.52 item: contract assets, 31 march 2022: 2,143.47, 31 march 2021: 2,953.30 item: unbilled revenue item: considered good - unsecured, 31 march 2022: 4,740.12, 31 march 2021: 4,211.22 item: unsecured - considered doubtful, 31 march 2022: 70.52, 31 march 2021: 53.37 item: impairment allowance doubtful asset, 31 march 2022: 70.52 , 31 march 2021: 53.37 item: balances with government authority, 31 march 2022: 6,518.12, 31 march 2021: 3,135.31 item: prepayments, 31 march 2022: 1,600.63, 31 march 2021: 1,587.42 item: advance to employees item: considered good, 31 march 2022: 143.55, 31 march 2021: 130.81 item: considered doubtful, 31 march 2022: 35.28, 31 march 2021: 23.25 item: less: provision for doubtful advances, 31 march 2022: 35.28 , 31 march 2021: 23.25 item: other advances, 31 march 2022: 340.43, 31 march 2021: 201.27 item: total current , 31 march 2022: 19,760.54 , 31 march 2021: 16,621.33 table end.
includes rs.13,851.72 31 march 2021: rs.11,564.02 deducted by the customer towards postclosure maintenance activities.
as per the concession agreement with customers the deducted amount has to be deposited in an escrow account, however the same has not been deposited yet.
11. share capital table: share capital breakdown : i authorised share capital : number of shares in lakhs, as at 01 april 2020: 2,025.22, as at 31 march 2021: 2,025.22, as at 31 march 2022: 2,025.22 : inr lakhs, as at 01 april 2020: 20,252.25, as at 31 march 2021: 20,252.25, as at 31 march 2022: 20,252.25 : ii issued equity share capital : as at 01 april 2020, as at 01 april 2020: 41.77, as at 31 march 2021: 41.77, as at 31 march 2022: 41.77 : issued during the year : redeemed during the year : as at 31 march 2021, as at 01 april 2020: 41.77, as at 31 march 2021: 41.77, as at 31 march 2022: 41.77 : issued during the year : redeemed during the year : as at 31 march 2022, as at 01 april 2020: 41.77, as at 31 march 2021: 41.77, as at 31 march 2022: 41.77 table end.
table: share capital details class a - equity shares: face value of rs.10, class b - equity shares: face value of rs.10, 0.001% compulsory convertible preference shares: face value of rs.10, 0.001% optionally convertible redeemable preference shares: face value of rs.15, redeemable preference shares: face value of rs.100 class a - equity shares: number of shares lakhs , class b - equity shares: number of shares lakhs , 0.001% compulsory convertible preference shares: number of shares lakhs , 0.001% optionally convertible redeemable preference shares: number of shares lakhs , redeemable preference shares: number of shares lakhs class a - equity shares: inr lakhs, class b - equity shares: inr lakhs, 0.001% compulsory convertible preference shares: inr lakhs, 0.001% optionally convertible redeemable preference shares: inr lakhs, redeemable preference shares: inr lakhs table end.
iii terms/rights attached to equity shares the company has two classes of equity shares, i.e. class a and class b, having par value of rs.
10/- each.
each equity shareholder is entitled to one vote per equity share held.
both classes of equity shares have same voting rights.
the company declares and pays dividend in indian rupees.
the dividend proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting.
notes: nil due to rounding off to nearest lakhs.
the table includes data for different share classes and their respective values.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated in the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of the equity shares will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts.
the distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
iv terms/rights attached to preference shares a. optionally convertible redeemable preference shares the face value of each ocrps is rs 15 each and carries dividend of 0.00001%, which is cumulative and participative based on the formula specified in the share subscription and share purchase agreement sspa . ocrps shall be redeemed for cash on the twentieth anniversary of their issuance, unless converted or redeemed earlier.
the existing shareholders have agreed to indemnify the investor/the company along with its subsidiaries on the happening of certain events specified the sspa.
it also specifies the nature of indemnity along with indemnified amount and period of such indemnity after closing date.
these preference shares are convertible into equity shares or redeemed based on agreed indemnity events and mechanism specified in sspa.
the company shall automatically convert all the remaining ocrps that have not been converted/redeemed into equity shares representing 0.5% of the transaction date equity shareholding i.e. after nineteen years from the date of allotment.
v shares held by promoter table: shares held by promoter as of 31 march 2022 promoter name: a ayodhya rami reddy\ , class of equity shares: class a equity, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1,608,399, change during the year: 1,424,850 , no.
of shares at the end of the year: 183,549, % of total shares: 4.39%, % change during the year: -88.59% promoter name: a ishaan, class of equity shares: class a equity, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1, change during the year: 1,424,850, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 1,424,851, % of total shares: 34.11%, % change during the year: 142485000.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: class a equity, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 2,485,488, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 2,485,488, % of total shares: 59.50%, % change during the year: 0.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: class b equity, face value: rs.
10, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 100, change during the year: -, no.
of shares at the end of the year: 100, % of total shares: 100.00%, % change during the year: 0.00% promoter name: metropolis investments holdings pte limited, class of equity shares: ocrps, no.
of shares at the beginning of the year: 1,343,431, change during the year: 3,959 , no.
of shares at the end of the year: 1,339,472, % of total shares: 100.00%, % change during the year: -0.29% table end.
\ mr. a ayodhya rami reddy ceases to be a promoter with effect from 31 march 2022 on transfer of significant stake to mr. a ishan.
table: details of shares held by shareholder holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the company nil due to rounding off to nearest lakhs notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 12. other equity table: other equity data 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 item: capital reserve item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 3,395.97, 31 march 2021: 4,655.10 item: add: received / transfer during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,259.13 item: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 3,395.97, 31 march 2021: 3,395.97 item: general reserve item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 87.00, 31 march 2021: 87.00 item: add: received / transfer during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 87.00, 31 march 2021: 87.00 item: capital redemption reserve item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 0.59, 31 march 2021: - item: add: received / transfer during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.59 item: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 0.59, 31 march 2021: 0.59 item: foreign currency translation reserve item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 1,985.88, 31 march 2021: 1,999.24 item: add: received/ transfer during the year, 31 march 2022: 937.75, 31 march 2021: 13.36 item: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 2,923.63, 31 march 2021: 1,985.88 item: equity component of compound financial instruments item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 71,162.17, 31 march 2021: 71,162.17 item: additions/deletions during the year, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 71,162.17, 31 march 2021: 71,162.17 item: retained earnings item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 148,383.66, 31 march 2021: 110,343.23 item: add: profit for the year, 31 march 2022: 46,072.79, 31 march 2021: 39,142.44 item: add: transfer for change of stake in non controlling interest, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,102.01 item: less: share issue expenses, 31 march 2022: 57.50 , 31 march 2021: - item: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 194,398.95, 31 march 2021: 148,383.66 item: other comprehensive income item: opening balance, 31 march 2022: 368.03 , 31 march 2021: 488.26 item: add: increase/ decrease during the year, 31 march 2022: 21.56, 31 march 2021: 120.23 item: closing balance, 31 march 2022: 346.47 , 31 march 2021: 368.03 table end.
nature and purpose of reserves: capital reserve the group recognizes profit or loss on purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the group's own equity instruments to capital reserve.
13. financial liabilities 13a.
borrowings table: borrowings data 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 item: non-current borrowings item: secured at amortized cost item: term loans item: - from banks, non-current: 18,413.69, current : 6,033.18, non-current: 16,047.10, current : 4,803.77 item: - from others, non-current: 51,846.84, current : 3,643.20, non-current: 22,801.31, current : 1,032.94 item: equipment and vehicle loans item: - from banks, non-current: 29.48, current : 264.07, non-current: 305.85, current : 582.03 item: - from others, non-current: 12.83, current : 195.77, non-current: 243.36, current : 700.19 item: unsecured item: loans from others, non-current: 378.87, current : 100.00, non-current: 350.00, current : 100.00 item: total non-current borrowings , non-current: 70,681.71, current : 10,236.22, non-current: 39,747.62, current : 7,218.93 item: lease liabilities item: non-current, non-current: 3,063.70, non-current: 2,997.37 item: current, current : 628.31, current : 1,349.78 table end.
current portion of long-term debt general reserve: general reserves are the reserves accumulated to meet contingencies.
capital redemption reserve: during the previous year, the company redeemed 3,959 optionally convertible redeemable preference shares ocrps of face value rs.
15 each.
in this regard, in accordance with section 55 of companies act, 2013, the company transferred rs.
0.59 to capital redemption reserve account equivalent to nominal value of ocrps out of profits of the company.
foreign currency translation reserve: gains/losses on account of foreign currency translation are accumulated in this reserve.
equity component of compound financial instruments: the company has issued optionally convertible redeemable preference shares ocrps during the year ended 31 march 2019. considering the accounting principles to be followed in line with indian accounting standards, the company has computed the liability portion of ocrps with the instrument.
the difference between the issue amount of the ocrps and the liability so computed has been treated as the "equity component of compound financial instruments" and grouped under other equity.
share-based payment reserve: the share options-based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under employee stock option plan.
retained earnings: retained earnings are the profits/losses net of appropriations of the company earned till date, including items of other comprehensive income.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated current borrowings secured at amortized cost item: secured loans from banks: item: - cash credit, 31 march 2022: 3,210.86, 31 march 2021: 1,265.79 item: current maturities of long term borrowings, 31 march 2022: 10,236.22, 31 march 2021: 7,218.93 item: unsecured item: loan from group companies, 31 march 2022: 13.48, 31 march 2021: 13.48 item: inter corporate deposits from others, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: bank overdraft, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: b other than repayable on demand: item: secured loans from banks: item: - buyers credit, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: unsecured loans from others, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: total , 31 march 2022: 13,460.56, 31 march 2021: 8,498.20 table end.
table: group company loan details group company: hyderabad integrated msw limited himsw , type of loan: term loan, lender: state bank of india, security details: primary security: term loan - i: exclusive hypothecation charge on vehicles, plant and machinery, movable assets procured/ to be procured out of term loan-i proceeds.
term loan -i&ii: the facility together with all interest, liquidated damages, fees, remuneration, costs, charges, expenses and other monies and all other amounts stipulated payable to the security trustee/agent, for the benefit of the facility, shall be secured by: i a first charge by way of hypothecation over company’s movable assets, both present and future excluding assets for which the company raised/to be raised equipment finance and commercial vehicle loans . ii deposit of license agreement entered into between ghmc and the company with a negative lien for the site and immoveable properties.
a first pari-passu charge by way of hypothecation, on all intangible assets of the borrower including but not limited to the goodwill, undertaking and uncalled capital both present and future of the borrower.
iii a first charge cum assignment of all the receivables/ revenues of the borrower from the company to the extent permitted under concession agreement.
iv a first charge on the borrower’s bank accounts including, without limitation, the escrow account to be established by the borrower.
v a first charge by way of assignment or creation of security interest on : all rights, titles, interests, benefits, claims and demands whatsoever of the borrower under concession agreement.
all rights, titles, interest, benefits of the borrower in licenses, permits, approvals, consents.
on the borrower’s rights, title and interest to the extent covered by and in accordance with the substitution agreement.
all the rights, titles, interests, benefits, claims, demands whatsoever of the borrower in the insurance contracts/policies procured by the borrower or procured by any of its contractors favoring the borrower for the projects within the escrow bank designated as the loss payee., financial covenants: penal interest will be charged for breach of any two of below four covenants: 1. debt service coverage ratio dscr <1.25 2. interest coverage ratio<2.60 3. debt/equity 3:1 and 4. deb/ebidta dsra to be created as per bank terms of sanction.
refer note 1 below for covenant compliance details , repayment terms: term loan - i: total amount including with interest to be repaid in 7 years on monthly installment basis.
term loan - ii: total amount including interest tp be repaid in 6 years on quarterly installment basis., interest rate: 9%, 31 march 2022: 20,939.87, 31 march 2021: - table end.
notes : this table shows details of loans from different group companies.
there is a note 1 referenced in the original table, but the content of that note is not visible in the image provided.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: loan details by group company group company: ramky international singapore pte limited rispl , type of loan lender: term loan - rhb bank from banks, security details: all the rights, titles, interests, benefits, claims, and demands of the borrower in any guarantees, liquidated damages, letter of credit or performance bond; collateral: extension of charge on stocks, receivables, and other current assets., financial covenants: corporate guarantee from ramky international singapore pte.
ltd.
and re sustainability limited; charges over collections, current and fixed assets; legal assignment over management fees and incentive payments., repayment terms: repayable by june 2024, interest rate 31 march 2022 : 2.27%, interest rate 31 march 2021 : 3,229.31 group company: ramky international singapore pte limited, type of loan lender: term loan - maybank from banks, security details: all the rights, titles, interests, benefits, claims, and demands of the borrower in any guarantees, liquidated damages, letter of credit or performance bond; collateral: 30% of equity & preferential shares; non-disposal undertaking for 21% of equity., financial covenants: corporate guarantee from ramky international singapore pte.
ltd.
and re sustainability limited; charges over collections, current and fixed assets; legal assignment over management fees and incentive payments., interest rate 31 march 2022 : 4.05%, interest rate 31 march 2021 : 277.69 group company: b&g solar private limited, type of loan lender: term loan - indian overseas bank limited from banks, security details: first charge on fixed assets, current assets of b&g solar and corporate guarantee of holding company re sustainability limited., interest rate 31 march 2022 : 11.95%, interest rate 31 march 2021 : 53.61 group company: hyderabad integrated msw limited himsw , type of loan lender: term loan - axis bank limited from banks, security details: first charge by way of hypothecation over all the project's movable and intangible assets excluding assets for which company raised equipment and vehicle loans ; deposit of licence agreement; first paripassu charge on all receivables/revenues; first charge cum assignment of receivables; first charge on bank accounts including escrow account; pledge on equity shares; pledge of preference shares; non-disposal undertaking., financial covenants: debt service coverage ratio dscr of not less than 1.10; debt to equity ratio of not more than 3., repayment terms: the loan is substituted with sbi bank loan, interest rate 31 march 2022 : 9.20%, interest rate 31 march 2021 : 15,812.41 table end.
notes: the table summarizes loan details including lender, security details, financial covenants, repayment terms, and interest rates for different group companies.
some complexities in the original table's structure have been simplified for clarity.
further details are available in the original report.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: loan details by group company group company: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited, type of loan: term loan from others, lender: power finance corporation limited pfc , security details: - first charge by way of hypothecation on movable and immovable assets; uncalled capital, operating cash flows, receivables, etc.; assignment of rights in project documents, clearances, guarantees, insurance contracts, etc., financial covenants: i dscr ≥ 1.26; ii debt to equity ratio 75:25; iii debt service reserve account, repayment terms: repaid in 168 structured monthly principal installments after a 6-month moratorium., interest rate 31 march 2022 : 8.75%, interest rate 31 march 2021 : 32,629.67 group company: delhi msw solutions limited, type of loan: term loan from others, lender: power finance corporation limited pfc , security details: first charge by way of mortgage on immovable properties; hypothecation on movable assets; uncalled capital, operating cash flows, etc.; debt service reserve account, etc., financial covenants: i debt to equity capital ratio ≤ 2; ii dscr ≥ 1.2, repayment terms: repaid in 38 structured quarterly principal installments., interest rate 31 march 2022 : 23,834.25, interest rate 31 march 2021 : 22,860.39 group company: re sustainability limited, type of loan: term loan from others, lender: various, security details: secured by mortgage on land; hypothecation of plant & machinery; pledge of 60% of project equity including ordinary equity shares, ccrps, ocds, ccds ; corporate guarantee, financial covenants: not specified in the provided extract, repayment terms: repaid in half-yearly installments over 6 years or the concession period, whichever is earlier., interest rate 31 march 2022 : ranges between 10% to 12.05%, interest rate 31 march 2021 : not specified in the provided extract group company: visakha solvents limited, type of loan: term loan from others, lender: various, security details: secured by mortgage of land; hypothecation of plant & machinery, financial covenants: not specified in the provided extract, repayment terms: not specified in the provided extract, interest rate 31 march 2022 : not specified in the provided extract, interest rate 31 march 2021 : not specified in the provided extract group company: mumbai waste management limited, type of loan: vehicle loans, lender: banks, security details: hypothecation of respective assets for which loans are availed, financial covenants: not specified in the provided extract, repayment terms: not specified in the provided extract, interest rate 31 march 2022 : not specified in the provided extract, interest rate 31 march 2021 : not specified in the provided extract table end.
notes: the provided image contains two nearly identical columns of financial data.
this markdown table consolidates the key information from both.
some details e.grams., specific interest rates for some companies are missing or unclear in the source image, preventing their complete inclusion.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: loan details group company: resl, security details: hypothecation of respective assets for which loans are availed., repayment terms: repayable in equated monthly installments, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.99% - 10.25%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 21.62 group company: dmsw, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8% - 11%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 66.29 group company: himsw, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.99%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 32.93 group company: west bengal waste management limited, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.99%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 28.79 group company: resl, type of loan lender: icici bank limited, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.99% - 10.25%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 26.50 group company: mwml, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.99%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 20.63 group company: re sustainability limited, interest rate 31 march 2022: 9.50%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 12.98 group company: iwm solutions limited, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.99%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 6.16 group company: katni msw management private limited, interest rate 31 march 2022: 9.49%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 16.19 group company: saagar msw solution private limited smspl , interest rate 31 march 2022: 9.49% group company: rewa msw management solutions, interest rate 31 march 2022: 11.00%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 92.87 group company: dmsw, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8% - 11%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 33.27 group company: smspl, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.94%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 9.11 group company: katni msw management private limited, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8.94%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 3.93 group company: dmsw, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8% - 11%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 20.28 group company: resl, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8% - 10%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 12.92 group company: mwml, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8% - 9%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 3.78 group company: bio medical waste treatment plant limited bmwtpl , interest rate 31 march 2022: 9.00%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 7.43 group company: resl, type of loan lender: mahindra & mahindra financial services limited, security details: secured by way of exclusive first charge on the fixed assets of ramky energy and environment limited including equitable mortgage of the following: a 1 acre 20 singapore cents together with acc building of super build-up area of 6482 sq from edapadi sangagiri main road in survey no.10/1a at thangayur village, edappaditaluk, salem district, state of tamil nadu b all that piece and parcel of land situated at thangayur village, edappaditaluk, salem district with s no.
10/1a land measuring 9 acres 16 singapore cents at thangayur village, edappaditaluk, salem district, state of tamil nadu.
c all that the land in s no.
136/i admeasuring acres 0.47 cents and the land in survey no.
136/4c ad =measuring acres 1.28 cents and the land in s no 137/4b admeasuring acres 3-10 cents total land admeasuring 4.85 cents situated in undurumikidakutam village, mukkulam mandikutam panchayat and narikudi panchayat union, sivagangai district and subdistrict and subdistrict of thiruppuvanam of tamil nadu.
d all that piece and parcel of commercial land together with undurumikidakutam village, thiuruchuli taluk, virundhunagar district of tamil nadu with s no.
136/3 b admeasuring an extent of 2 acres and 32 singapore cents., repayment terms: repayable in equated monthly installments, interest rate 31 march 2022: 8% - 10%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 19.60 group company: bmwtpl, type of loan lender: daimler financial services india private limited, security details: second charge on fixed assets of mumbai waste management ltd., interest rate 31 march 2022: 8% - 11.50%, interest rate 31 march 2021: 16.29 group company: himsw, security details: second charge on pari passu basis along with other working capital lenders on the fixed assets of ramky enviro engineers ltd., interest rate 31 march 2022: 2% above the 1 year marginal cost of funds based lending rate mclr rate, interest rate 31 march 2021: 2,510.96 type of loan lender: state bank of india, security details: pari passu second charge on all chargeable current assets of the company.
corporate guarantee of mumbai waste management limited corporate guarantee of ramky energy and environment ltd.
note : this table summarizes loan details from the provided image.
some cells in the original image contained additional textual details which have been summarized in this markdown table for clarity.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 13b.
trade payables total outstanding dues to micro enterprises and small enterprises: 31 march 2022: 2,097.94 31 march 2021: 1,670.04 total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises: 31 march 2022: 30,277.67 31 march 2021: 26,082.41 dues to related parties: 31 march 2022: 1,134.81 31 march 2021: 622.35 terms and conditions of the above financial liabilities: trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled within credit terms.
for explanations on the company’s credit risk management processes, refer note 42. for trade payables to related party refer note 35. ageing schedule of trade payables: table: ageing schedule of trade payables particulars: as at 31 march 2022 particulars: micro small medium enterprises, not due: 847.85, <1 year: 1,024.89, 1-2 years: 148.02, 2-3 years: 57.61, more than 3 years: 19.57, total: 2,097.94 particulars: undisputed dues particulars: disputed dues, not due: -, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, more than 3 years: -, total: - particulars: other than micro small medium enterprises, provisions: 10,314.28, not due: 12,152.66, <1 year: 6,263.15, 1-2 years: 1,647.05, 2-3 years: 314.19, more than 3 years: 721.15, total: 31,412.48 particulars: undisputed dues particulars: disputed dues, not due: -, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, more than 3 years: -, total: - particulars: as at 31 march 2021 particulars: micro small medium enterprises, not due: 874.15, <1 year: 718.27, 1-2 years: 24.45, 2-3 years: 41.04, more than 3 years: 12.13, total: 1,670.04 particulars: undisputed dues particulars: disputed dues, not due: -, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, more than 3 years: -, total: - particulars: other than micro small medium enterprises, provisions: 5,840.36, not due: 7,353.41, <1 year: 11,350.44, 1-2 years: 932.33, 2-3 years: 372.78, more than 3 years: 855.44, total: 26,704.76 particulars: undisputed dues particulars: disputed dues, not due: -, <1 year: -, 1-2 years: -, 2-3 years: -, more than 3 years: -, total: - table end.
notes: note 1 : in terms of the facility agreement with sbi, the company has complied with three of the four financial covenants and has fallen out of limit on the remaining one in relation with the debt to ebitda ratio as at 31 march 2022. the company has obtained a communication from bank subsequent to the balance sheet date that the aforesaid matter would not have any commercial impact on the borrowing and therefore the same is carried forward in the balance sheet as per the original contractual terms.
the reason for the said ratio to be out of limits is due to inclusion of outside liabilities and intragroup loans in debt computation and the company is in discussion with bank to amend the same.
note 2 : pursuant to the communication from power finance corporation "pfc" during the year amending the terms of the borrowing agreement in connection to the term loan, the company has changed the terms of inter-corporate deposit of rs.
17,000 taken from holding company to convert the same into unsecured perpetual debt "upd" with effect from 15 november 2019. note 3 : during the year, the group sold the subsidiary notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated relationship with struck off companies name of the struck off company: solvics facilities management, nature of transactions: payable to vendors, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 4.73, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 4.73 name of the struck off company: ronnifacilities management pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: payable to vendors, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 4.71, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 4.71 name of the struck off company: pawan envion and aqua engineering, nature of transactions: payable to vendors, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 2.21, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 2.21 name of the struck off company: cyril logistics & engineering, nature of transactions: payable to vendors, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.26, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.26 table end.
13c.
other financial liabilities : non current : at amortised cost : security deposit payable : retention money payable : at fair value through profit and loss : optionally convertible preference shares refer note 11 , 31 march 2022: 11,479.54, 31 march 2021: 11,479.54 : current : capital creditors, 31 march 2022: 10,536.95, 31 march 2021: 4,587.85 : security deposit payable, 31 march 2022: 1,375.98, 31 march 2021: 1,190.71 : interest accrued and due, 31 march 2022: 1.07, 31 march 2021: 1.82 : interest accrued but not due, 31 march 2022: 112.39, 31 march 2021: 131.73 : retention money payable, 31 march 2022: 1,446.00, 31 march 2021: 1,445.81 : interest on micro and small enterprises payable, 31 march 2022: 129.54, 31 march 2021: 48.01 : other financial liabilities, 31 march 2022: 99.18, 31 march 2021: 87.97 : total , 31 march 2022: 20,329.70, 31 march 2021: 19,609.78 table end.
break up of financial liabilities carried at amortised cost : borrowings non current note no.
13a , 31 march 2022: 70,681.71, 31 march 2021: 39,747.62 : borrowings current note no.
13a , 31 march 2022: 13,460.56, 31 march 2021: 8,498.20 : trade payables note no.
13b , 31 march 2022: 33,510.42, 31 march 2021: 28,374.80 : other financial liabilities non current note no.
13c , 31 march 2022: 20,329.70, 31 march 2021: 19,609.78 : other financial liabilities current note no.
13c , 31 march 2022: 13,701.11, 31 march 2021: 7,493.90 : total of financial liabilities carried at amortized cost , 31 march 2022: 151,683.50, 31 march 2021: 103,724.30 table end.
14. deferred tax liabilities net : deferred tax liabilities net , 31 march 2022: 3,252.08, 31 march 2022: 1,238.92 table end.
15. liabilities for current tax net : provision for taxes net of advance tax , 31 march 2022: 2,078.72, 31 march 2021: 5,548.75 table end.
16. provisions : non current : provision for employee benefits : - gratuity refer note 32 for ind as 19 disclosure , 31 march 2022: 1,965.87, 31 march 2021: 1,366.94 : - compensated absences, 31 march 2022: 887.29, 31 march 2021: 727.17 : other provisions : - provision for replacement of assets under service concession, 31 march 2022: 43,387.76, 31 march 2021: 35,761.81 : - provision for capping, 31 march 2022: 2,928.81, 31 march 2021: 3,734.40 : - provision for post closure, 31 march 2022: 4,195.38, 31 march 2021: 3,289.84 : total non-current , 31 march 2022: 53,365.11, 31 march 2021: 44,880.16 : current : provision for employee benefits : - gratuity refer note 32 for ind as19 disclosure , 31 march 2022: 446.09, 31 march 2021: 455.61 : - compensated absences, 31 march 2022: 1,031.26, 31 march 2021: 831.44 : other provisions : - provision for capping obligation, 31 march 2022: 6,688.94, 31 march 2021: 6,267.30 : - provision for incineration, 31 march 2022: 200.99, 31 march 2021: 314.32 : - provision for replacement of assets under sca, 31 march 2022: 6,896.61, 31 march 2021: 6,131.77 : total current , 31 march 2022: 15,263.89, 31 march 2021: 14,000.44 table end.
movement in provisions for the year ended 31 march 2022 : at the beginning of the year, replacement: 41,893.58, capping: 10,001.70, post closure: 3,289.84, incineration: 314.32 : add: provision made during the year, replacement: 4,918.04, capping: 2,009.07, post closure: 500.44, incineration: 2,055.91 : add: finance cost on liability component, replacement: 5,066.21, capping: 485.45, post closure: 405.10 : less: provision reversed/utilized during the year, replacement: 1,593.46 , capping: 2,878.47 , incineration: 2,169.24 : at the end of the year, replacement: 50,284.37, capping: 9,617.75, post closure: 4,195.38, incineration: 200.99 : current provision, replacement: 6,896.61, capping: 6,688.94, incineration: 200.99 : non current provision, replacement: 43,387.76, capping: 2,928.81, post closure: 4,195.38 table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 17. government grants : non current : opening balance, 31 march 2022: 2,407.62, 31 march 2021: 2,894.89 : movement during the year, 31 march 2022: 1,053.12 , 31 march 2021: 227.00 : released to the statement of profit and loss, 31 march 2022: 131.94 , 31 march 2021: 260.27 : closing balance, 31 march 2022: 1,222.56, 31 march 2021: 2,407.62 table end.
18. other liabilities current contract liability advances from customers unearned revenue statutory dues payables other liabilities : contract liability : advances from customers, 31 march 2022: 7,170.70, 31 march 2021: 4,893.61 : unearned revenue, 31 march 2022: 778.47, 31 march 2021: 1,326.64 : statutory dues payables, 31 march 2022: 5,100.30, 31 march 2021: 3,700.21 : other liabilities, 31 march 2022: 1,960.27, 31 march 2021: 1,647.16 : total , 31 march 2022: 15,009.74, 31 march 2021: 11,567.62 table end.
relationship with struck off companies table: relationship with struck off companies name of the struck off company: anup chemicals pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 1.00 , outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 7.49, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -0.23, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 7.26 name of the struck off company: paks veterinary drugs mfg.
co.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 2.13, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 2.13 name of the struck off company: ensemble furniture ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.97, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.97 name of the struck off company: z-tronics infratel pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.50, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.50 name of the struck off company: bannari amman mills ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.44, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.44 name of the struck off company: dole industries pvt ltd, nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: -, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: 0.36, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.36 name of the struck off company: shama bright bars p ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.20, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.20 name of the struck off company: dana india pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.76 , outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.15, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.15 name of the struck off company: c.s. wires pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.14, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.14 name of the struck off company: a r polymers pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.10, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.10 name of the struck off company: rama sanghi auto pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.09, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.09 name of the struck off company: intellevet bioservices pvt.
ltd, nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.07, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.07, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.07 name of the struck off company: r.s. ispat pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.06, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.06 name of the struck off company: gmp pharmachem pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.05, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.05 name of the struck off company: rbr knit fashions pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.05, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.05 name of the struck off company: dankuni life care hospital pvt.
ltd, nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.04, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.04, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.04 name of the struck off company: sun diagnostic centre, nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.03, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.03, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.03 name of the struck off company: fullerence chemicals pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.03, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.03 name of the struck off company: packol plastics nashik pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.03, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.03 name of the struck off company: steel chain conveyors pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.03, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.03 name of the struck off company: bangalore test house, nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.03, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.03 name of the struck off company: angelina medisearch pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.03, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.03 name of the struck off company: eren medical centre pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.02, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.02 name of the struck off company: omax bikes ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.02, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.02 name of the struck off company: aigle biosolutions pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.02, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.02, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.02 name of the struck off company: theramyt biologics pvt.
ltd., nature of transactions: advances from customers, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2021: 0.01, outstanding as at 31 march 2021: 0.01, transactions during the year ended 31 march 2022: -, outstanding as at 31 march 2022: 0.01 table end.
note: the provided image is somewhat low resolution, making some cell values difficult to read with complete certainty.
the above table presents the best interpretation of the available data.
19. revenue from contracts with customers description: rendering of services description: - revenue from waste disposal activities, 31 march 2022: 180,687.70, 31 march 2021: 149,031.99 description: - revenue from commercial and conservancy services, 31 march 2022: 35,247.09, 31 march 2021: 35,640.80 description: - revenue from consultancy and other services, 31 march 2022: 14,202.41, 31 march 2021: 11,367.99 description: - revenue from service concession activity, 31 march 2022: 37,927.89, 31 march 2021: 34,586.29 description: - revenue from turnkey contracts, 31 march 2022: 6,492.84, 31 march 2021: 8,344.63 description: sale of goods description: - revenue from power generation, 31 march 2022: 21,659.27, 31 march 2021: 14,494.29 description: - revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: 1,364.33, 31 march 2021: 943.26 description: other operating revenues description: - other operating revenues, 31 march 2022: 2,109.27, 31 march 2021: 1,234.85 description: total revenue , 31 march 2022: 299,690.80, 31 march 2021: 255,644.10 table end.
19 a contract balances description: trade receivables, 31 march 2022: 100,091.86, 31 march 2021: 71,533.35 description: contract assets, 31 march 2022: 6,883.59, 31 march 2021: 7,164.52 description: contract liabilities, 31 march 2022: 7,949.17, 31 march 2021: 6,220.25 table end.
19 b reconciling the amount of revenue recognised in the statement of profit and loss with the contracted price description: revenue as per contracted price, 31 march 2022: 304,209.30, 31 march 2021: 258,747.18 description: adjustments, 31 march 2022: 4,337.74 , 31 march 2021: 2,944.63 description: performance penalties, 31 march 2022: 180.76 , 31 march 2021: 158.45 description: revenue from contracts with customers , 31 march 2022: 299,690.80, 31 march 2021: 255,644.10 table end.
20. other income description: interest income on description: - inter corporate deposits to related party, 31 march 2022: 17.50, 31 march 2021: 106.18 description: - bank and other deposits, 31 march 2022: 843.81, 31 march 2021: 1,164.80 description: - interest income using the effective interest method , 31 march 2022: 852.00, 31 march 2021: 1,529.88 description: - others, 31 march 2022: 70.61, 31 march 2021: 240.09 description: apportionment of government grants, 31 march 2022: 131.94, 31 march 2021: 260.27 description: net gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, 31 march 2022: 95.26, 31 march 2021: 215.28 description: liabilities no longer required written back, 31 march 2022: 117.65, 31 march 2021: 484.62 description: dividend income, 31 march 2022: 0.13, 31 march 2021: 1.28 description: foreign exchange gain net , 31 march 2022: 88.51, 31 march 2021: 256.68 description: gain on sale of investments, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 192.93 description: other non-operating income, 31 march 2022: 416.33, 31 march 2021: 225.19 description: insurance claims, 31 march 2022: 146.70, 31 march 2021: 63.28 description: total other income , 31 march 2022: 2,780.44, 31 march 2021: 4,740.48 table end.
21. cost of raw material and components consumed description: inventory at the beginning of the year, 31 march 2022: 3,540.12, 31 march 2021: 3,362.50 description: add: purchases, 31 march 2022: 12,216.28, 31 march 2021: 13,086.04 description: less: inventory at the end of the year, 31 march 2022: 4,435.10 , 31 march 2021: 3,540.12 description: cost of raw material and components consumed , 31 march 2022: 11,321.30, 31 march 2021: 12,908.42 table end.
22. construction expenses description: construction cost on service concession activity, 31 march 2022: 36,839.13, 31 march 2021: 33,645.46 table end.
23. employee benefit expense description: salaries, allowances and wages, 31 march 2022: 31,194.32, 31 march 2021: 26,568.97 description: contribution to provident fund and other funds, 31 march 2022: 2,228.39, 31 march 2021: 1,926.58 description: gratuity expense, 31 march 2022: 703.33, 31 march 2021: 560.45 description: staff welfare expenses, 31 march 2022: 1,104.45, 31 march 2021: 1,169.75 description: share-based payment expense refer note 33 , 31 march 2022: 356.55, 31 march 2021: 565.55 description: total employee benefit expense , 31 march 2022: 35,587.04, 31 march 2021: 30,791.30 table end.
24. finance costs description: interest on debt and borrowings, 31 march 2022: 4,310.06, 31 march 2021: 5,050.01 description: interest expenses using the effective interest method , 31 march 2022: 6,055.84, 31 march 2021: 4,901.49 description: interest others, 31 march 2022: 668.90, 31 march 2021: 412.57 description: other borrowing cost, 31 march 2022: 378.97, 31 march 2021: 439.12 description: total finance costs , 31 march 2022: 11,413.77, 31 march 2021: 10,803.19 table end.
25. depreciation and amortization expense description: depreciation of property plant and equipment note 3a including depreciation of rs.
84.62 on asset held for sale , 31 march 2022: 9,807.90, 31 march 2021: 7,306.76 description: amortization of intangible assets note 5b , 31 march 2022: 15,952.45, 31 march 2021: 11,417.46 description: depreciation of right-of-use assets note 5d , 31 march 2022: 2,228.39, 31 march 2021: 1,877.93 description: total depreciation and amortization expense , 31 march 2022: 27,988.74, 31 march 2021: 20,602.15 table end.
there are no footnotes or additional annotations in the provided image.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 26. other expenses expense category: consumption of stores and spares, 31 march 2022: 4,657.73, 31 march 2021: 2,891.47 expense category: sub contract expenses, 31 march 2022: 6,566.23, 31 march 2021: 5,564.20 expense category: labour contract charges, 31 march 2022: 36,903.59, 31 march 2021: 30,492.50 expense category: waste disposal charges, 31 march 2022: 101.22, 31 march 2021: 294.79 expense category: licence fees, 31 march 2022: 2,375.69, 31 march 2021: 2,944.15 expense category: power and fuel, 31 march 2022: 16,167.32, 31 march 2021: 11,262.76 expense category: vehicle maintenance, 31 march 2022: 185.50, 31 march 2021: 243.39 expense category: transport charges, 31 march 2022: 14,172.09, 31 march 2021: 10,876.72 expense category: repairs and maintenance expense category: - plant and machinery, 31 march 2022: 3,740.36, 31 march 2021: 3,084.43 expense category: - vehicle, 31 march 2022: 1,742.34, 31 march 2021: 1,475.26 expense category: - others, 31 march 2022: 3,634.91, 31 march 2021: 2,002.93 expense category: revenue sharing expenses, 31 march 2022: 458.31, 31 march 2021: 462.91 expense category: hire charges, 31 march 2022: 4,936.19, 31 march 2021: 4,634.23 expense category: capping for land fill refer note 16 , 31 march 2022: 2,009.07, 31 march 2021: 1,720.83 expense category: incineration expenses refer note 16 , 31 march 2022: 2,055.91, 31 march 2021: 2,330.54 expense category: post closure maintenance expenses refer note 16 , 31 march 2022: 500.44, 31 march 2021: 391.52 expense category: security charges, 31 march 2022: 2,063.82, 31 march 2021: 1,597.01 expense category: legal and professional charges, 31 march 2022: 5,611.38, 31 march 2021: 3,423.65 expense category: payment to auditors refer details below , 31 march 2022: 223.15, 31 march 2021: 215.95 expense category: travelling and conveyance, 31 march 2022: 1,202.19, 31 march 2021: 884.27 expense category: rent, 31 march 2022: 497.71, 31 march 2021: 546.50 expense category: rates and taxes, 31 march 2022: 838.74, 31 march 2021: 561.77 expense category: insurance, 31 march 2022: 1,872.59, 31 march 2021: 1,624.88 expense category: donations, 31 march 2022: 19.04, 31 march 2021: 801.93 expense category: advertisement and business promotion, 31 march 2022: 456.94, 31 march 2021: 307.79 expense category: communication expenses, 31 march 2022: 525.81, 31 march 2021: 503.51 expense category: printing and stationary, 31 march 2022: 161.73, 31 march 2021: 160.53 expense category: office maintenance, 31 march 2022: 406.41, 31 march 2021: 279.72 expense category: foreign exchange gain/loss net, 31 march 2022: 0.25, 31 march 2021: 151.93 expense category: loss on sale of fixed assets net , 31 march 2022: 174.13, 31 march 2021: 23.43 expense category: loss on sale of investment, 31 march 2022: 80.51, 31 march 2021: - expense category: bad debts / advances written off, 31 march 2022: 480.97, 31 march 2021: 181.94 expense category: provision for doubtful trade receivables and advances, 31 march 2022: 4,120.00, 31 march 2021: 8,412.67 expense category: csr expenditure, 31 march 2022: 978.74, 31 march 2021: 600.08 expense category: capital work in progress written off, 31 march 2022: 78.66, 31 march 2021: - expense category: provision for diminution of inventory, 31 march 2022: 31.35, 31 march 2021: - expense category: miscellaneous expenses, 31 march 2022: 2,050.94, 31 march 2021: 1,870.98 expense category: total , 31 march 2022: 122,081.96 , 31 march 2021: 102,821.17 table end.
payment to auditors including indirect taxes as applicable as auditor: item: statutory audit fee, 31 march 2022: 223.15, 31 march 2021: 214.05 item: reimbursement of expenses, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1.90 item: total , 31 march 2022: 223.15 , 31 march 2021: 215.95 table end.
details of csr expenditure item: a gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year, 31 march 2022: 655.48, 31 march 2021: 553.09 item: b amount approved by the board to be spent during the year, 31 march 2022: 1,130.00, 31 march 2021: 600.00 table end.
c amount spent during the year ending on 31 march 2022 item: i construction/ acquisition of any asset, in cash: -, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: - item: ii on purposes other than i above, in cash: 978.74, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: 978.74 table end.
d amount spent during the year ending on 31 march 2021 item: i construction/ acquisition of any asset, in cash: -, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: - item: ii on purposes other than i above, in cash: 600.08, yet to be paid in cash: -, total: 600.08 table end.
e details related to spent / unspent obligations: item: i contribution to public trust, 31 march 2022: 978.74, 31 march 2021: 600.08 item: ii contribution to charitable trust, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - item: iii unspent amount in relation to: item: - ongoing project, 31 march 2022: na, 31 march 2021: na item: - other than ongoing project, 31 march 2022: na, 31 march 2021: na table end.
27. components of other comprehensive income the disaggregation of changes to oci by each type of reserve in equity is shown below: during the year ended 31 march 2022 items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans, retained earnings: 33.66, total: 33.66 items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: deferred tax on remeasured gain/ loss , retained earnings: 12.10 , total: 12.10 items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: total , retained earnings: 21.56 , total: 21.56 table end.
note: there were no images of charts or logos in the provided image.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 28. during the year ended 31 march 2021 items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: re-measurement loss on defined benefit plans, retained earnings: 151.16, total: 151.16 items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: deferred tax on remeasured gain/ loss , retained earnings: 30.93 , total: 30.93 retained earnings: 120.23, total: 120.23 table end.
29. income tax the major components of income tax expenses for the year ended 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 are as follows: profit or loss section : current tax expense, 31 march 2022: 12,168.14, 31 march 2021: 9,592.49 : adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous year, 31 march 2022: 3,316.93 , 31 march 2021: 374.10 : deferred tax, 31 march 2022: 1,382.72, 31 march 2021: 412.71 : income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss, 31 march 2022: 10,233.93, 31 march 2021: 8,805.68 table end.
oci section deferred tax related to items recognised in oci during the year: : net gain on remeasurement of defined benefit plans, 31 march 2022: 12.10 , 31 march 2021: 30.93 : income tax charged to oci, 31 march 2022: 12.10 , 31 march 2021: 30.93 table end.
reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by india's domestic tax rate for 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021: particulars: accounting profit before tax, 31 march 2022: 56,134.58, 31 march 2021: 48,561.46 particulars: at india's statutory income tax rate of 33.38% 31 march 2021: 29.12% , 31 march 2022: 18,737.72, 31 march 2021: 14,141.10 particulars: adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years, 31 march 2022: 3,316.93 , 31 march 2021: 374.10 particulars: mat credit entitlement of previous years, 31 march 2022: 2,915.85 , 31 march 2021: - particulars: items which are not tax deductible for computing taxable income, 31 march 2022: 19.36, 31 march 2021: 573.94 particulars: effect of difference in tax rates, 31 march 2022: 3,837.04 , 31 march 2021: 1,503.32 particulars: items on which dt not created in earlier years, 31 march 2022: 4,280.64, 31 march 2021: 1,104.98 particulars: items which are not tax taxable for computing taxable income, 31 march 2022: 2,733.53 , 31 march 2021: 2,939.05 particulars: dt adjustments due to differential tax rates in future, 31 march 2022: 73.30 , 31 march 2021: - particulars: others, 31 march 2022: 72.87, 31 march 2021: 12.09 particulars: income tax expense reported in the statement of profit and loss, 31 march 2022: 10,233.93, 31 march 2021: 8,805.68 table end.
deferred tax : deferred tax assets net , 31 march 2022: 15,244.43, 31 march 2021: 14,923.21 : deferred tax liability net , 31 march 2022: 3,252.08 , 31 march 2021: 1,238.92 : net deferred tax asset, 31 march 2022: 11,992.35, 31 march 2021: 13,684.29 table end.
deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to: 2021-22 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: mat credit, opening balance: 8,275.33, recognised in profit or loss: 4,967.85, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : 288.58 , closing balance: 12,954.60 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: disallowances under income tax act, 1961, allowed on payment basis, opening balance: 517.30, recognised in profit or loss: 482.33, recognised in oci: 12.10 , mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 987.53 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: unabsorbed depreciation and carried forward losses, opening balance: 3,204.56, recognised in profit or loss: 3,002.42, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 6,206.98 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: provision for replacement, opening balance: 2,921.39, recognised in profit or loss: 1,483.28, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 4,404.67 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: provision for capping and post closure, opening balance: 3,004.28 , recognised in profit or loss: 7,865.71 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 10,869.99 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: provision for doubtful debts and advances, opening balance: 3,755.64, recognised in profit or loss: 2,769.11, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 6,524.75 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, opening balance: 647.59 , recognised in profit or loss: 5,152.25 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 5,799.84 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: financial assets at fvtp, opening balance: 1,782.94 , recognised in profit or loss: 270.86 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 2,053.80 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: processing charges amortisation, opening balance: 54.16 , recognised in profit or loss: -, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 54.16 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: deferred tax on unrealised profits- associate/ joint venture, opening balance: 259.58 , recognised in profit or loss: -, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 259.58 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: deferred tax on compulsory convertible debentures and cumulative convertible redeemable preference shares, opening balance: 407.39, recognised in profit or loss: 580.03 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 172.64 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: interest unwinding on security deposits payable/investment in debenture, opening balance: 330.73, recognised in profit or loss: -, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 330.73 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: others, opening balance: 20.50, recognised in profit or loss: 227.40 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 206.90 opening balance: 11,992.35, recognised in profit or loss: 10,233.93, recognised in oci: 12.10 , mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : 288.58 , closing balance: 11,992.35 table end.
deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to: 2020-21 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: mat credit, opening balance: 7,017.10, recognised in profit or loss: 1,258.23, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 8,275.33 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: disallowances under income tax act, 1961, allowed on payment basis, opening balance: 607.27, recognised in profit or loss: 63.18 , recognised in oci: 26.79 , mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 517.30 deferred tax liabilities /assets in relation to:: unabsorbed depreciation and carried forward losses, opening balance: 1,881.09, recognised in profit or loss: 1,323.69, recognised in oci: 0.22 , mat credit entitlement/ utilisation : -, closing balance: 3,204.56 table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: note 30 - balance sheet items 31 march 2022 item: provision for replacement, opening balance: 2,031.04, recognised profit or loss: 890.35, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 2,921.39 item: provision for capping and post closure, opening balance: 2,108.56 , recognised profit or loss: 895.72 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 3,004.28 item: provision for doubtful debts and advances, opening balance: 2,691.97, recognised profit or loss: 1,063.67, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 3,755.64 item: property, plant and equipment, opening balance: 1,778.39, recognised profit or loss: 2,425.98 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 647.59 item: financial assets at fvtpl, opening balance: 1,297.50 , recognised profit or loss: 485.44 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 1,782.94 item: processing charges amortisation, opening balance: 54.16 , recognised profit or loss: -, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 54.16 item: deferred tax on unrealised profits, opening balance: -, recognised profit or loss: 259.58 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 259.58 item: deferred tax on compulsory convertible debentures and cumulative convertible redeemable preference shares, opening balance: 341.31, recognised profit or loss: 66.08, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 407.39 item: interest unwinding on security deposits payable/investment in debenture, opening balance: 330.73, recognised profit or loss: -, recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: -, closing balance: 330.73 item: others, opening balance: 507.90, recognised profit or loss: 318.99 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: 164.49 , closing balance: 20.50 item: total , opening balance: 13,467.00, recognised profit or loss: 845.52 , recognised in oci: -, mat credit entitlement/utilisation: 1,093.74, closing balance: 13,684.29 table end.
brought forward losses on which deferred tax asset has not been created is rs.
12,062.52 31 march 2021: rs.
21,865.31 30. earnings per share basic eps amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
diluted eps amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the parent after adjusting for interest on the convertible preference shares by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.
table: income and share data for eps computations item: profit attributable to equity holders of the parent before exceptional items , 31 march 2022: 46,072.79, 31 march 2021: 39,142.43 item: profit attributable to equity holders of the parent after exceptional items , 31 march 2022: 46,072.79, 31 march 2021: 39,142.43 item: weighted average number of equity shares in calculating basic eps lakhs , 31 march 2022: 41.77, 31 march 2021: 41.77 item: weighted average number of equity shares in calculating diluted eps lakhs , 31 march 2022: 43.08, 31 march 2021: 42.98 item: basic earnings per share, 31 march 2022: 1,102.89, 31 march 2021: 936.99 item: diluted earnings per share, 31 march 2022: 1,069.47, 31 march 2021: 910.71 table end.
31. significant accounting judgement, estimates and assumptions the preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future years.
judgements revenue from contracts with customers: the company provides waste management services and has certain performance obligations capping and post-closure . the company believes these obligations are not separate performance obligations as they are required by law and are not distinct from the main management service.
recognition of concession agreement as an intangible asset and financial asset: management assessed the applicability of appendix c to ind as 115 "service concession arrangements" and applied it in accounting for the concession.
construction and operations costs are recovered through tipping fees from municipal authorities intangible asset . disclosures for service concession arrangements appendix d to ind as 115 are incorporated into the financial statements.
the intangible asset was recognised using a construction margin based on sensitivity analysis of similar companies.
leases ind as 116 : lease term is determined by the non-cancellable term, plus options to extend if reasonably certain to be exercised or terminate if reasonably certain not to be exercised . the group reassesses the lease term if significant events affect the ability to exercise options to renew or terminate.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated the group included the renewal period as part of the lease term for leases of buildings with shorter non-cancellable periods.
the group typically exercises its option to renew for these leases because there will be a significant negative effect on production if a replacement asset is not readily available.
the renewal periods for leases of buildings with longer non-cancellable periods are not included as part of the lease term as these are not reasonably certain to be exercised.
furthermore, the periods covered by termination options are included as part of the lease term only when they are reasonably certain not to be exercised.
estimates and assumptions the key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.
the group based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the financial statements were prepared.
existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the group.
such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
i provision for capping and post closure provision for capping requires an evaluation of the cost of protective capping of the active landfills in which waste is dumped.
the provision recorded in the statement of financial statement at year-end is derived on the basis of estimated cost for capping the landfill, proportionate to the capacity of landfill utilized till the end of the year.
significant estimates involved include capping cost in respect of the total expected waste capacity of the landfill that requires, the time period during which these costs would actually be paid, inflation rate and the discount rate applied.
further, to ensure that there is no negative impact on the environment due to waste disposal, the group is required to perform certain post closure monitoring activities for a period ranging from 15-30 years after the estimated operating period 10-25 years . the provision for post closure monitoring at the end of each year is calculated based on the estimated aggregate costs to be incurred during the post closure period proportionate to the capacity of site utilized till the end of the year.
the significant estimates involved include post monitoring cost in respect of the total expected waste during the operating period, the time period during which these costs would actually be paid, inflation rate and the discount rate applied.
the estimates for projected capping and post closure monitoring are developed using inputs from the group's engineers, accountants and are reviewed by management at regular intervals.
ii provision for incinerations: provision for incinerations recorded in the balance sheet as at the year-end is derived on the basis of estimated cost of treating the incinerable waste in the facility.
such an estimate is made on the basis of average actual per metric ton cost incurred by the group.
iii provision for replacements provision for replacements recorded in the balance sheet.
such an estimate is made on the basis of cost to be incurred by the group.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 continued iv estimates related to service concession arrangement the group has recognised applicable construction margin on intangible assets under service concession arrangement.
management has estimated such margin based on sensitivity analysis of similar construction contracts.
v estimates of outcomes of indemnity events the group has estimated the outcomes of each of the indemnity events specified in sspa taking into account the probability of their occurrence and underlying factors.
vi taxes deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized.
significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.
vii defined benefit plans gratuity benefits the cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and other post-employment medical benefits and the present value of the gratuity obligation are determined using actuarial valuations.
an actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ from actual developments in the future.
these include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases and mortality rates.
due to the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions.
all assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
the parameter most subject to change is the discount rate.
in determining the appropriate discount rate for plans operated in india, the management considers the interest rates of government bonds in currencies consistent with the currencies of the post-employment benefit obligation.
the underlying bonds are further reviewed for quality.
those having excessive credit spreads are excluded from the analysis of bonds on which the discount rate is based, on the basis that they do not represent high quality corporate bonds.
viii impairment of non-financial assets impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or cash generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.
the fair value less costs of disposal calculation is based on available data from binding sales transactions, conducted at arm's length, for similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset.
the value in use calculation is based on a dcf model.
the cash flows are derived from the budget for the next five years and do not include restructuring activities that the group is not yet committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset's performance of the cgu being tested.
the recoverable amount is sensitive to the discount rate used for the dcf model as well as the expected future cash-inflows and the growth rate used for extrapolation purposes.
ix fair value measurement of financial instruments when the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated measured using valuation techniques including the dcf model.
the inputs to these models are taken from observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in establishing fair values.
judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and volatility.
changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial instruments.
x share-based payments estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions requires determination of the most appropriate valuation model, which is dependent on the terms and conditions of the grant.
this estimate also requires determination of the most appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the share option, volatility and dividend yield and making assumptions about them.
for the measurement of the fair value of equity-settled transactions with employees at the grant date, the group uses black scholes option valuation model for time based options and binomial option model for performance based options.the assumptions and models used for estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions are disclosed in note 33. 32. gratuity and other post-employment benefit plans a defined contribution plan the following amount recognised as an expense in statement of profit and loss on account of provident fund and other funds.
there are no other obligations other than the contribution payable to the respective authorities.
31 march 2022: 2,228.39, 31 march 2021: 1,926.58 table end.
b defined benefit plan the group has a defined benefit gratuity plan.
every employee who has completed five years or more of continuous service gets a gratuity on retirement at 15 days last drawn basic salary for each completed year of service.
the scheme is funded with an insurance group in the form of a qualifying insurance policy.
the following table summarizes the components of net benefit expense recognised in the statement of profit and loss and the funded status and amounts recognised in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan: statement of profit and loss : net employee benefit expense recognised in the employee cost, 31 march 2022: 703.33, 31 march 2021: 560.45 : current service cost, 31 march 2022: 559.61, 31 march 2021: 445.69 : past service cost, 31 march 2022: 45.73, 31 march 2021: - : interest cost on defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 147.71, 31 march 2021: 151.90 : interest income on plan asset, 31 march 2022: 35.89 , 31 march 2021: 33.54 : current service cost capitalised during the year, 31 march 2022: 13.83 , 31 march 2021: 3.60 table end.
balance sheet: reconciliation of net liability / asset : closing present value of defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 2,931.48, 31 march 2021: 2,355.77 : closing fair value of plan assets, 31 march 2022: 519.52, 31 march 2021: 533.22 : closing net defined benefit liability, 31 march 2022: 2,411.96, 31 march 2021: 1,822.55 table end.
changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows: : opening defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 2,355.77, 31 march 2021: 2,755.58 : current service cost, 31 march 2022: 559.61, 31 march 2021: 445.69 : interest cost, 31 march 2022: 147.71, 31 march 2021: 151.90 : increase/ decrease due to effect of any business combination, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 12.11 : actuarial loss/ gain arising from change in financial assumptions, 31 march 2022: 166.00 , 31 march 2021: 17.78 : actuarial loss/ gain arising from change in demographic assumptions, 31 march 2022: 20.22, 31 march 2021: 49.96 : actuarial loss/ gain arising on account of experience changes, 31 march 2022: 102.27, 31 march 2021: 123.99 : benefits paid, 31 march 2022: 88.10 , 31 march 2021: 853.33 : closing defined benefit obligation, 31 march 2022: 2,931.48, 31 march 2021: 2,355.77 table end.
net liability is bifurcated as follows: : current, 31 march 2022: 446.09, 31 march 2021: 455.61 : non-current, 31 march 2022: 1,965.87, 31 march 2021: 1,366.94 : net liability net of plan assets , 31 march 2022: 2,411.96, 31 march 2021: 1,822.55 table end.
changes in fair value of plan assets : opening fair value of plan assets, 31 march 2022: 533.22, 31 march 2021: 534.07 : interest income on plan assets, 31 march 2022: 35.89, 31 march 2021: 33.54 : employer contributions, 31 march 2022: 23.62, 31 march 2021: 3.00 : benefits paid, 31 march 2022: 91.49 , 31 march 2021: 29.14 : remeasurements - return on assets excluding interest income , 31 march 2022: 19.41, 31 march 2021: 5.02 : others employee contributions, taxes and expenses , 31 march 2022: 1.13 , 31 march 2021: 3.23 : closing fair value of plan assets, 31 march 2022: 519.52, 31 march 2021: 533.22 table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated principal assumptions for determining gratuity benefit obligation: assumption: discount rate p.a. , 31 march 2022: 7.31%, 31 march 2021: 6.84% assumption: salary escalation rate p.a. , 31 march 2022: 8.00%, 31 march 2021: 8.04% assumption: mortality rate, 31 march 2022: 100.00%, 31 march 2021: 100.00% assumption: disability rate, 31 march 2022: 0.00%, 31 march 2021: 0.00% assumption: withdrawal rate, 31 march 2022: 20.05%, 31 march 2021: 17.23% assumption: normal retirement age, 31 march 2022: 60 years, 31 march 2021: 60 years assumption: adjusted average future service, 31 march 2022: 24.99, 31 march 2021: 24.11 table end.
quantitative analysis for significant assumptions: assumptions - discount rate sensitivity level hypothetical increase/decrease : increase in 100 basis points, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2022 : 2,636.73, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2021 : 2,137.83 sensitivity level hypothetical increase/decrease : decrease in 100 basis points, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2022 : 2,910.81, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2021 : 2,351.94 table end.
assumptions - salary escalation rate sensitivity level hypothetical increase/decrease : increase in 100 basis points, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2022 : 2,919.68, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2021 : 2,354.68 sensitivity level hypothetical increase/decrease : decrease in 100 basis points, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2022 : 2,630.09, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2021 : 2,132.67 table end.
assumptions - withdrawal rates sensitivity level hypothetical increase/decrease : increase in 100 basis points, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2022 : 2,756.36, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2021 : 2,224.77 sensitivity level hypothetical increase/decrease : decrease in 100 basis points, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2022 : 2,782.78, impact on defined benefit obligation 31 march 2021 : 2,254.85 table end.
the estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion, and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
expected future benefit payments: period: within next 12 months, 31 march 2022: 723.65, 31 march 2021: 723.65 period: between 2 and 5 years, 31 march 2022: 448.04, 31 march 2021: 455.61 period: between 6 and 10 years, 31 march 2022: 1,353.14, 31 march 2021: 1,074.51 period: total expected payments , 31 march 2022: 3,354.02 , 31 march 2021: 2,546.19 table end.
share-based payments share option plan for key employees: under the 2019 share option plan for key employees, management authorized the nomination and remuneration committee to grant share options to directors and certain identified eligible employees of the company and its subsidiaries.
this scheme is further divided into plan i and plan ii.
plan i & ii vesting: details of vesting schedules for plan i and plan ii are provided, including time-based and performance-based vesting criteria.
expense recognised for employee services: table: expense recognised for employee services particulars: expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions, 31 march 2022: 356.55, 31 march 2021: 565.55 particulars: total , 31 march 2022: 356.55 , 31 march 2021: 565.55 table end.
there were no cancellations or modifications to the awards in the year ending 31 march 2022. movements during the year plan i : particulars: outstanding at 01 april 2021, 31 march 2022 number : 66,890, 31 march 2022 waep : 0.14, 31 march 2021 number : 66,255, 31 march 2021 waep : 0.14 particulars: granted during the year, 31 march 2022 number : -, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : -, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: forfeited / expired during the year, 31 march 2022 number : -, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : -, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: exercised during the year, 31 march 2022 number : -, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : -, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: outstanding at 31 march 2022, 31 march 2022 number : 66,890, 31 march 2022 waep : 0.14, 31 march 2021 number : 66,255, 31 march 2021 waep : 0.14 particulars: exercisable at 31 march 2022, 31 march 2022 number : 10,702, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : 5,300, 31 march 2021 waep : - table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated plan ii particulars: outstanding at 01 april 2021, 31 march 2022 number : 4,893, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : 4,893, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: granted during the year, 31 march 2022 number : -, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : -, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: forfeited / expired during the year, 31 march 2022 number : -, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : -, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: exercised during the year, 31 march 2022 number : -, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : -, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: outstanding at 31 march 2022, 31 march 2022 number : 4,893, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : 4,893, 31 march 2021 waep : - particulars: exercisable at 31 march 2022, 31 march 2022 number : 4,893, 31 march 2022 waep : -, 31 march 2021 number : 4,893, 31 march 2021 waep : - table end.
nil due to rounding off to nearest lakhs the weighted average remaining contractual life for the share options outstanding as at 31 march 2022 was 3 years 31 march 2021: 4 years . the weighted average fair value of options granted during the year was rs.
0.12 31 march 2021: inr 0.12 . plan i - inputs to models 31 march 2022 and 31 march 2021 particulars: expected volatility % , 31 march 2022 tranche 1 : 37.5%, 31 march 2022 tranche 2 : 36.50%, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 44.60%, 31 march 2022 tranche 1 & 2 : 37.50%, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 44.60%, 31 march 2021 plan i : -, 31 march 2021 plan ii : - particulars: risk-free interest rate % , 31 march 2022 tranche 1 : 7.20%, 31 march 2022 tranche 2 : 6.10%, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 4.80%, 31 march 2022 tranche 1 & 2 : 7.20%, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 4.80%, 31 march 2021 plan i : -, 31 march 2021 plan ii : - particulars: expected life of share options/sars years , 31 march 2022 tranche 1 : 5.00, 31 march 2022 tranche 2 : 4.50, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 3.5, 31 march 2022 tranche 1 & 2 : 5.00, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 3.5, 31 march 2021 plan i : -, 31 march 2021 plan ii : - particulars: weighted average share price inr , 31 march 2022 tranche 1 : 0.05, 31 march 2022 tranche 2 : 0.06, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 0.09, 31 march 2022 tranche 1 & 2 : 0.05, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : 0.03, 31 march 2021 plan i : -, 31 march 2021 plan ii : - particulars: model used, 31 march 2022 tranche 1 : black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2022 tranche 2 : black-scholes option-pricing model, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : binomial option pricing model, 31 march 2022 tranche 1 & 2 : binomial option pricing model, 31 march 2022 tranche 3 : binomial option pricing model, 31 march 2021 plan i : -, 31 march 2021 plan ii : - table end.
34. group information information about subsidiaries the consolidated financial statements of the group includes subsidiaries, joint controlled entity and associates listed in the table below: table: subsidiary information name: subsidiaries of re sustainability limited: name: re sustainability iwm solutions limited formerly known as tamil nadu waste management limited , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: ramky iwm private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: hyderabad integrated msw limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: west bengal waste management limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 97%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 97% name: visakha solvents limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 51%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 51% name: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: pithampur industrial waste management private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: re sustainability solutions private limited formerly known as ramky enviro services private limited , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: maridi bio industries private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: b & g solar private limited refer note: f , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 0%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 51% name: chennai msw private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: dehradun waste management private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: chhattisgarh energy consortium india private limited refer note 45 , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 51%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 51% name: adityapur waste management private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: dundigal waste 2 energy private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: chennai enviro solutions private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: kesda waste management private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: ip msw solution private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: re sustainability urban solutions private limited formerly known as ramky msw private limited , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: mumbai waste management limited refer note: a , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: delhi msw solutions limited refer note: b , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: medicare environmental management private limited refer note: c , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: re sustainability & recycling private limited formerly known as jodhpur msw private limited refer note: grams , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: ramky reclamation and recycling limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : refer note: grams , % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: ramky e-waste management limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : refer note: grams , % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: delhi cleantech services private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : refer note: grams , % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: rewa msw holdings limited refer note d , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated foreign subsidiaries name: re sustainability international singapore pte.
ltd.
formerly known as ramky international singapore pte.
ltd , country of incorporation: singapore, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: ramky enviro engineers middle east fz llc, country of incorporation: uae, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: ramky enviro engineers bangladesh limited, country of incorporation: bangladesh, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% table end.
subsidiary of re sustainability urban solutions private limited name: katni msw management private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: saagar msw solutions private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% table end.
subsidiary of mumbai waste management limited name: bio medical waste treatment plant private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 55%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 55% table end.
subsidiary of ramky enviro services private limited name: pashamylaram cetp private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : - table end.
subsidiaries of delhi msw solutions limited name: hyderabad c&d waste private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: pro enviro c&d waste management private limited refer note e , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 49%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 49% name: dhanbad integrated msw limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% table end.
subsidiaries of medicare environmental management private limited name: re sustainability healthcare solutions limited formerly known as ramky energy and environment limited , country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: alliance envirocare company private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 74%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 74% table end.
subsidiaries of re sustainability & recycling private limited name: pro enviro recycling private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 51%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 51% name: ramky arm recycling private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 51%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 51% name: deccan recyclers private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : refer note grams , % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% table end.
subsidiaries of rewa msw holdings limited name: rewa msw management solutions limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: rewa waste 2 energy projects limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% name: rewa msw energy solutions private limited, country of incorporation: india, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% table end.
subsidiaries of ramky international singapore pte.
ltd name: re sustainability cleantech pte.
ltd.
formerly known as ramky cleantech services pte.
ltd , country of incorporation: singapore, % equity interest 31 march 2022 : 100%, % equity interest 31 march 2021 : 100% table end.
rvac private limited and other subsidiaries this section contains similar data as above and is omitted for brevity entity with control over the group metropolis investments holdings pte ltd owns 59.50% of the equity shares in ramky enviro engineers limited 31 march 2021: 59.50% . notes: a including 26% held by ramky iwm private limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of re sustainability limited.
b including 49% held by mumbai waste management limited.
c up to 21 march 2021, 49% held by ramky iwm private limited and 51% by ramky international india pte.
ltd.
with effect from 22 march, 2021, ramky iwm acquired 51% shared held by ramky international india pte.
ltd resulting medicare environmental management private limited wholly-owned subsidiary of ramky iwm private limited d 51%, 26% and 23% held by chennai msw private limited, delhi msw solutions limited and mumbai waste management limited respectively.
e the group has control over its relevant activities and hence classified as a subsidiary.
f during the current year, the group has sold the subsidiary.
grams refer note 46. 35. related party transactions a nature of relationship and names of related parties nature of relationship: jointly controlled entity, name of related parties: al ahlia environmental services co.
llc, farz llc, al ahlia waste treatment llc nature of relationship: associates, name of related parties: ramky al-turki environmental services, oman maritime waste treatment, ramky infrastructure limited nature of relationship: entities controlled by persons having control/significant influence over group, name of related parties: ramky estates and farms limited, ramky pharma city india limited, ramky towers limited name of related parties: ramky foundation, smilax laboratories limited, frank lloyd tech management services limited name of related parties: evergreen cleantech facilities management india private limited, kkr capstone india operations advisory private limited name of related parties: ramky integrated township limited, ramky sriram properties pvt limited, madhya pradesh waste management private limited nature of relationship: promoter/relatives of promoters, name of related parties: alla ayodhya rami reddy, alla dakshani, alla dasaratha rami reddy, alla veeraraghavamma name of related parties: alla sharan, alla ishaan table end.
b transactions with the related parties during the year table: transactions with related parties related party: ramky infrastructure limited, nature of transaction: material purchases, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 124.80 nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal, 31 march 2022: 1,397.93, 31 march 2021: 1,228.28 nature of transaction: revenue from sale of goods, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 30.26 nature of transaction: operational expenses, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 18.22 nature of transaction: development costs, 31 march 2022: 7,872.86, 31 march 2021: 240.64 nature of transaction: mobilisation advance given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2,158.31 nature of transaction: capping expenses/sub-contract expenses, 31 march 2022: 1,311.69, 31 march 2021: 203.60 related party: ramky estates and farms limited, nature of transaction: consultancy income, 31 march 2022: 15.60, 31 march 2021: 35.40 nature of transaction: operational income, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 32.99 nature of transaction: rental expenses, 31 march 2022: 30.62, 31 march 2021: 18.35 related party: ramky pharma city india limited, nature of transaction: operational expenses, 31 march 2022: 25.75, 31 march 2021: 340.69 nature of transaction: lease rentals, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 8.90 related party: ramky foundation, nature of transaction: property tax, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 41.72 nature of transaction: donation, 31 march 2022: 843.00, 31 march 2021: 596.51 related party: ramky al-turki environmental services, nature of transaction: investment, 31 march 2022: 507.90, 31 march 2021: - related party: smilax laboratories limited, nature of transaction: revenue from waste disposal, 31 march 2022: 44.11, 31 march 2021: 40.04 nature of transaction: operational expenses, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 11.21 related party: kkr capstone india operations advisory private limited, nature of transaction: consultancy fee, 31 march 2022: 322.18, 31 march 2021: 323.81 related party: vilholi waste management system private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 4.52 related party: madhya pradesh waste management private limited, nature of transaction: inter corporate deposit received back, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 0.15 nature of transaction: rental expenses, 31 march 2022: 79.02, 31 march 2021: 77.93 related party: ramky srisairam properties private limited, nature of transaction: maintenance expenses, 31 march 2022: 44.81, 31 march 2021: 45.80 nature of transaction: revenue from consultancy services, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 2.10 related party: evergreen cleantech facilities management india private limited, nature of transaction: development costs, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 44.95 related party: farz llc, uae, nature of transaction: contract revenue, 31 march 2022: 702.58, 31 march 2021: 11.74 nature of transaction: investment, 31 march 2022: 134.31, 31 march 2021: 92.68 related party: al ahlia environmental services co.
llc, oman, nature of transaction: interest income on icd, 31 march 2022: 710.39, 31 march 2021: 866.02 related party: al ahlia waste treatment l.l.c, uae, nature of transaction: intercorporate deposits given, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: 1,979.29 nature of transaction: contract revenue, 31 march 2022: 73.42, 31 march 2021: - nature of transaction: investment, 31 march 2022: -, 31 march 2021: - table end.
notes : all amounts are in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated nature of transaction : intercorporate deposit given, 31 march 2022 : 636.43, 31 march 2021 : - nature of transaction : revenue from operations, 31 march 2022 : 3,367.78, 31 march 2021 : - nature of transaction : contract revenue, 31 march 2022 : 3,432.54, 31 march 2021 : 1,550.49 nature of transaction : rental expenses, 31 march 2022 : 169.05, 31 march 2021 : 169.05 nature of transaction : remuneration , 31 march 2022 : 0.72, 31 march 2021 : 15.01 nature of transaction : remuneration , 31 march 2022 : 253.12, 31 march 2021 : 315.49 nature of transaction : remuneration , 31 march 2022 : 343.27, 31 march 2021 : 389.00 nature of transaction : remuneration , 31 march 2022 : 438.59, 31 march 2021 : 510.59 nature of transaction : sitting fee, 31 march 2022 : 16.00, 31 march 2021 : 20.00 nature of transaction : sitting fee, 31 march 2022 : 18.00, 31 march 2021 : 19.00 nature of transaction : sitting fee, 31 march 2022 : -, 31 march 2021 : 1.00 nature of transaction : sitting fee, 31 march 2022 : 7.00, 31 march 2021 : 2.00 table end.
does not include the provision made gratuity and leave benefits, as they are determined on valuation basis for the company as a whole.
c balance outstanding at the end of the year party : ramky infrastructure limited, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 3,050.11, 31 march 2021 : 2,000.68 party : ramky estates and farms limited, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 60.11, 31 march 2021 : 74.47 party : ramky pharmacity india limited, nature of transaction : trade payables, 31 march 2022 : 2.40, 31 march 2021 : - party : evergreen cleantech facilities mgt pvt limited, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 17.66, 31 march 2021 : 454.50 party : smilax laboratories limited, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 1.13, 31 march 2021 : 1.13 party : oman maritime waste treatment, oman, nature of transaction : contract assets, 31 march 2022 : 26.86, 31 march 2021 : 233.67 party : ramky cleantech environmental services llc, nature of transaction : intercorporate deposit given, 31 march 2022 : 30.05, 31 march 2021 : - party : ramky al-turki environmental services, nature of transaction : investment in associates, 31 march 2022 : 606.17, 31 march 2021 : 261.80 party : govind singh, nature of transaction : remuneration payable, 31 march 2022 : 1.24, 31 march 2021 : - party : m goutham reddy, nature of transaction : remuneration payable, 31 march 2022 : 4.05, 31 march 2021 : - party : anil k khandelwal, nature of transaction : remuneration payable, 31 march 2022 : 7.38, 31 march 2021 : - party : masood alam mallick, nature of transaction : remuneration payable, 31 march 2022 : 8.16, 31 march 2021 : - table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements continued party : kkr capstone india operations advisory private limited, nature of transaction : trade payables, 31 march 2022 : 177.17, 31 march 2021 : - party : ramky integrated township limited, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : -, 31 march 2021 : 3.81 party : frank lloyd tech management services limited, nature of transaction : trade payables, 31 march 2022 : 0.57, 31 march 2021 : 0.57 party : madhya pradesh waste management private limited, nature of transaction : intercorporate deposit taken, 31 march 2022 : 13.48, 31 march 2021 : 13.48 party : ramky sriram properties private limited, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 17.44, 31 march 2021 : 920.57 party : farz llc, uae, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 2,357.83, 31 march 2021 : 1,655.25 party : al ahlia environmental services co.
llc, oman, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 2,781.81, 31 march 2021 : 2,071.42 party : al ahlia waste treatment l.l.c, uae, nature of transaction : trade receivables, 31 march 2022 : 190.08, 31 march 2021 : 566.01 table end.
36. contingent liabilities and commitments i. commitments estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for net of advances 31 march 2022: 57,919.80, 31 march 2021: 16,584.55 table end.
ii.
contingent liabilities: performance guarantees issued by banks: on behalf of the subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries and an associate 31 march 2022: 16,129.32, 31 march 2021: 17,125.58 table end.
iii.
claims against the group not acknowledged as debts in respect of: a sales tax matters b income tax matters c other matters 31 march 2022: 531.00, 31 march 2021: 527.65 31 march 2022: 863.44, 31 march 2021: 684.34 31 march 2022: 1,899.42, 31 march 2021: 1,636.79 table end.
excluding interest not ascertainable from the date of order, if any.
reel during the fy 2020-21, the company had received a draft order passed pertaining to fy 2016-17, making adjustments aggregating to inr 961 over the returned income.
the company has filed objections before drp against the draft order.
based on internal assessment, considering the nature of additions and judicial precedence, the company envisage a financial impact of inr 113.12 by way of probable tax liability on the adjustments made.
accordingly the company has made a provision of inr 113.12 in the books of accounts.
wbwml during the fy 2020-21, the company has received assessment order for the fy 2017-18, making adjustments aggregating to inr 4,782 over the returned income.
thereby raising a tax demand of inr 420. the company has filed appeal before cit a against the assessment order.
based on internal assessment, considering the nature of additions and judicial precedence, returned losses and other deductions available, the company does not envisage any financial impact on account of the aforesaid demand and has accordingly not made any provision in the books of account but the same has been disclosed as contingent liability.
tnwml subsequent to the balance sheet date, the company has received assessment order for the fy 2017-18, making adjustments aggregating to inr 4,271 over the returned income, thereby raising a tax demand of inr 949. the company has filed appeal before cit a against the assessment order.
based on internal assessment, considering the nature of additions and judicial precedence, returned losses and other deductions available, the company does not envisage any financial impact on account of the aforesaid demand and has accordingly not made any provision in the books of account.
37. supreme court judgement on 28 february 2019, the supreme court of india issued a judgement which provided further guidance for companies in determining which components of their employee's compensation are subject to statutory withholding obligations, and matching employer contribution obligations, for provident fund contributions under indian law.
there are numerous interpretative issues relating to this judgement.
however, during the current year the group has complied with the aforesaid supreme court's judgement.
the group will evaluate the same and update its provision, if any on receiving further clarity on the subject.
38. interest in joint venture table: interest in joint venture name of joint venture: al ahlia environmental services co llc 31 march 2022, share: 50%, assets: 10,422.19, liabilities: 9,165.70, group's investment: 628.25, income: 3,737.13, expenditure: 5,334.58, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 1,597.44 , group's share of tci: 798.72 name of joint venture: 31 march 2021, share: 50%, assets: 10,313.41, liabilities: 7,817.71, group's investment: 1,247.85, income: 2,891.42, expenditure: 2,992.69, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 101.27 , group's share of tci: 50.64 table end.
39. interest in associates table: interest in associates name of associates: al ahlia waste treatment llc 31 march 2022, share: 49%, assets: 11,859.59, liabilities: 6,747.07, group's investment: 2,505.13, income: 4,124.21, expenditure: 4,168.04, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 43.82 , group's share of tci: 21.47 name of associates: 31 march 2021, share: 49%, assets: 9,817.96, liabilities: 4,855.29, group's investment: 2,431.71, income: 896.54, expenditure: 674.36, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 222.18, group's share of tci: 108.87 name of associates: farz llc 31 march 2022, share: 25%, assets: 23,418.53, liabilities: 13,987.21, group's investment: 2,357.83, income: 3,870.21, expenditure: 5,293.36, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 1,423.15 , group's share of tci: 355.79 name of associates: 31 march 2021, share: 25%, assets: 23,293.42, liabilities: 16,672.41, group's investment: 1,655.25, income: 1,203.56, expenditure: 1,963.61, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 760.06 , group's share of tci: 190.01 name of associates: ramky al-turki environmental services 31 march 2022, share: 49%, assets: 1,618.43, liabilities: 381.34, group's investment: 606.17, income: 163.53, expenditure: -, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 163.53 , group's share of tci: 80.13 name of associates: 31 march 2021, share: 49%, assets: 1,560.42, liabilities: 1,026.14, group's investment: 261.80, income: 131.95, expenditure: -, tax: -, oci: -, total comprehensive income: 131.95 , group's share of tci: 64.65 table end.
40. segment reporting operating segments the group has only one segment i.e. carrying on the business of integrated waste management solutions, construction of waste treatment facilities, consultancy, emerging technologies, car park, cleaning, conservancy services.
the conditions prevailing in activities involved by the group are not being uniform, hence business segments forms the primary segment of the group.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated year ended 31 march 2022 table: income statement data for year ended 31 march 2022 particulars: revenue particulars: external customers, waste management division: 240,117.88, turnkey projects division: 8,886.99, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 49,597.97, consultancy and others: 1,087.96, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: -, total: 299,690.80 particulars: inter-segment, waste management division: 5,436.13, turnkey projects division: 16,313.87, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 21,750.00 , total: - particulars: total revenue , waste management division: 245,554.01, turnkey projects division: 25,200.86, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 49,597.97, consultancy and others: 1,087.96, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 21,750.00 , total: 299,690.80 particulars: income/ expenses particulars: depreciation and amortisation, waste management division: 20,913.26, turnkey projects division: 7.60, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 6,371.09, consultancy and others: 209.53, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 487.26, total: 27,988.74 particulars: segment profit particulars: add: interest income, waste management division: 73,426.32, turnkey projects division: 1,161.54, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 3,108.59, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 451.12 , total: 66,024.02 particulars: add: other income, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 1,783.92, total: 1,783.92 particulars: less: finance charges, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 996.52, total: 996.52 particulars: profit before share of profit of, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 11,413.77 particulars: associates and a joint venture, particulars: exceptional items and tax, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: - particulars: add: share of profit of, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 1,256.11 , total: 1,256.11 particulars: an associate and a joint particulars: venture, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: - particulars: profit before tax , waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: -, total: 56,134.58 particulars: less: tax expenses, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 10,233.93 , total: 10,233.93 particulars: profit after tax , waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: -, total: 45,900.65 particulars: total assets , waste management division: 307,823.69, turnkey projects division: 28,893.23, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 32,165.19, consultancy and others: 5,089.52, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 148,054.45, total: 522,026.08 particulars: total liabilities , waste management division: 97,382.45, turnkey projects division: 18,341.45, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 14,790.82, consultancy and others: 4,832.94, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 110,219.95, total: 245,567.61 particulars: other disclosures , waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 6,097.38, total: 6,097.38 particulars: investments in an associate, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: - particulars: and a joint venture, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: - particulars: capital expenditure , waste management division: 47,000.94, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: - table end.
year ended 31 march 2021 table: income statement data for year ended 31 march 2021 particulars: revenue particulars: external customers, waste management division: 200,431.99, turnkey projects division: 8,203.75, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 35,640.80, consultancy and others: 11,367.57, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: -, total: 255,644.10 particulars: inter-segment, waste management division: 2,242.00, turnkey projects division: 2.00, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: 458.00, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 2,702.00 , total: - particulars: total revenue , waste management division: 202,673.99, turnkey projects division: 8,205.75, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 35,640.80, consultancy and others: 11,825.57, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 2,702.00 , total: 255,644.10 particulars: income/ expenses particulars: depreciation and amortisation, waste management division: 15,146.06, turnkey projects division: 19.45, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 4,913.18, consultancy and others: 223.36, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 300.11, total: 20,602.15 particulars: segment profit, waste management division: 57,305.56, turnkey projects division: 400.46, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: 4,007.61 , consultancy and others: 9,273.44, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 8,151.24 , total: 54,820.61 particulars: add: interest income, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 3,040.95, total: 3,040.95 particulars: add: other income, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 1,699.53, total: 1,699.53 particulars: less: finance charges, waste management division: -, turnkey projects division: -, car park, cleaning & conservancy service: -, consultancy and others: -, unallocable adjustments/eliminations: 10,803.19 , total: 10,803.19 table end.
41. fair values the management assessed that loans, trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, other financial assets, borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities approximate their carrying amounts as fair value except for investment in mutual funds.
the fair value for investments in mutual funds fvtpl are valued using level 1: unquoted unadjusted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
the fair value of optionally convertible preference shares are valued using level 3: valuation techniques for which the input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.
42. financial risk management objectives and policies the group’s financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables.
the group’s financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, loans, trade receivables and other receivables.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated i market risk market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices.
such changes in the value of financial instruments may result from changes in interest rates, creditworthiness, liquidity, and other market changes.
the group's exposure to market risk is primarily on account of interest rate risk.
financial instruments affected by market risk include loans, borrowings, and deposits.
interest rate risk interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.
the group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the group's long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates.
this risk is set off partially due to investments in mutual funds.
interest rate sensitivity table: interest rate sensitivity on liabilities long-term borrowings increase/decrease in basis points: +100, effect on profit before tax inr : 601.68 increase/decrease in basis points: -100, effect on profit before tax inr : 601.68 table end.
ii credit risk credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial loss.
the group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities primarily trade receivables and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions, and other financial instruments.
a trade receivables credit risk with respect to trade receivables is limited, based on our historical experience of collecting receivables, supported by the level of default.
iii foreign currency risk the year-end foreign currency exposure that has not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise is as under: table: foreign currency exposure particulars: trade payable, currency: united states dollar, in foreign currency 31 march 2022 : 3.50, in foreign currency 31 march 2021 : 3.27, in rupees 31 march 2022 : 266.00, in rupees 31 march 2021 : 239.51 particulars: trade payable, currency: aud, in foreign currency 31 march 2022 : -, in foreign currency 31 march 2021 : 13.95, in rupees 31 march 2022 : -, in rupees 31 march 2021 : 776.99 table end.
foreign currency sensitivity the following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in united states dollar exchange rates, with all other variables held constant.
the impact on the company's profit before tax is due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities.
table: foreign currency sensitivity - impact on profit before tax change in united states dollar rate: -5% increase, 31 march 2022 inr : 13.30 , 31 march 2021 inr : 11.98 change in united states dollar rate: -5% decrease, 31 march 2022 inr : 13.30, 31 march 2021 inr : 11.98 change in united states dollar rate: change in aud rate, 31 march 2022 inr : -, 31 march 2021 inr : 38.85 table end.
iv liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that the group will encounter difficulty in raising funds to meet commitments associated with financial instruments that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset.
liquidity risk may result from an inability to sell a financial asset quickly at close to its fair value.
the group has an established liquidity risk management framework for managing its short-term, medium-term, and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements.
the group's exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities.
the group manages the liquidity risk by maintaining adequate funds in cash and cash equivalents.
the group also has adequate credit facilities agreed with banks to ensure that there is sufficient cash to meet all its normal operating commitments in a timely and cost-effective manner.
the group invests its surplus funds in bank fixed deposits and in mutual funds, which carry no or low market risk.
notes to consolidated financial statements year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: analysis of derivative and non-derivative financial liabilities by maturity item: as at 31 march 2022 item: borrowings including current maturities , on demand: 3,210.86, <3 months: 1,899.62, 3-12 months: 8,387.39, 1-5 years: 46,497.13, 5 years: 24,147.27 item: trade payables, on demand: -, <3 months: -, 3-12 months: 33,510.42, 1-5 years: -, 5 years: - item: other financial liabilities, on demand: -, <3 months: 31,334.31, 3-12 months: 2,696.50, 1-5 years: -, 5 years: 0.00 item: as at 31 march 2021 item: borrowings including current maturities , on demand: 6,240.15, <3 months: 1,541.31, 3-12 months: 3,288.16, 1-5 years: 30,937.81, 5 years: 6,238.40 item: trade payables, on demand: -, <3 months: -, 3-12 months: 26,126.46, 1-5 years: -, 5 years: 0.00 item: other financial liabilities, on demand: 0.92, <3 months: 5,785.93, 3-12 months: 4,733.82, 1-5 years: 3,724.70, 5 years: 12,858.31 table end.
43. capital management the group endeavors to maintain sufficient levels of working capital, current assets and current liabilities which helps the company to meet its expense obligations while also maintaining sufficient cash flow.
the capital structure of the group consists of net debt borrowings offset by cash and bank balances and equity of the group comprising issued capital, reserves and retained earnings . the capital structure of the company is reviewed by the management on a periodic basis.
table: gearing ratio item: borrowings non-current and current, including current maturities of non-current borrowings, interest accrued and due, interest accrued but not due , 31 march 2022: 84,255.73, 31 march 2021: 48,379.37 item: less: cash and cash equivalents, 31 march 2022: 52,750.33 , 31 march 2021: 24,130.40 item: net debt a , 31 march 2022: 31,505.40, 31 march 2021: 24,248.97 item: equity refer note 11 and 12 b , 31 march 2022: 274,543.83, 31 march 2021: 227,212.68 item: total capital and debt c , 31 march 2022: 306,049.23, 31 march 2021: 251,461.65 item: gearing ratio % a/c , 31 march 2022: 10.29%, 31 march 2021: 9.64% table end.
gearing ratio: the group monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt.
the group's policy is to keep the gearing ratio within 50%.
in order to achieve this overall objective, the group makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements of the financial covenants.
the company aims to ensure that it meets the financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing loans and borrowings that define the capital structure requirements.
44. management's compliance with fema regulations management conducted a detailed evaluation of compliance with fema regulations in 2018-19, submitted pending reports, addressed observations, and compounded non-compliances for overseas jvs/subsidiaries.
based on legal advice and documentary evidence, management believes there will be no material impact on financial statements.
45. share purchase agreement and cecipl consolidation a the company entered into a share purchase agreement, purchased a 51% stake in cecipl, and agreed to sell its investment.
the beneficial ownership was transferred to the buyer, but control was not transferred due to disputes.
cecipl assets were disclosed as asset held for sale.
cecipl financials haven'tonnes been audited since 2014. cecipl is consolidated based on management-certified financial statements.
b during fy 2020-21, the written-down value of assets related to a completed contract was disclosed as assets held for sale and was recovered through sales in fy 2021-22.
46. scheme of amalgamation pursuant to a scheme of amalgamation and arrangement, several wholly-owned subsidiaries merged into jodhpur msw private limited jmpl , which was renamed re sustainability & recycling private limited, effective april 1, 2019. the scheme was approved july 9, 2021, and became operative august 27, 2021. 47. material arbitration and pending litigation in fy 2017-18, arbitration was invoked due to disputes over tipping fees, penalties, and non-opening of escrow accounts.
the award was issued on march 10, 2018, and is being challenged in court.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated ii as at 31 march 2022, himsw has trade receivables of rs.
nil 31 march 2021: rs.3,026.25 , net of provision of rs.5,524.69 31 march 2021 rs.2,017.51 towards performance penalty deducted.
management is confident of recovering these balances and does not currently envisage any losses/liability in this regard and has provided the amounts on a conservative basis.
dmsw had filed arbitration claims against ndmc related to the disputes that arose under the concession agreement pertaining to rate escalation, recovery of amount withheld on account of non- disposal of refused derived fuel rdf , revenue share on sale of electricity along with certain other claims.
wherein a favourable award was passed by the arbitral tribunal for all other matters except revenue share, wherein it stated that dmsw is liable to share 3.86% of revenue generated from the sale of electricity with ndmc as against the 3% being currently shared pursuant to an interim direction passed by the national green tribunal ngt in the year 2016. the award was challenged by both the parties before the delhi high court.
conservatively, company is creating provision for 3.86% of revenue share in the books.
the total amount of such disputed amounts in the books as at 31 march 2022 is rs 4,128.34 31 march 2021: rs 5,244.48 . dmsw has provided for these amounts in the books of accounts in the earlier year.
iii north delhi municipal corporation “ndmc” or “the customer” issued a show cause notice to dmsw in the previous year u/sec 4 & 7 of the public premises eviction of unauthorised occupants act, 1971 for eviction of the purported unauthorised occupation of municipal land approx.
5.688 acres during the period 2009 to 2020 and to pay rs 28,649 as damages along with interest.
dmsw has challenged the aforesaid notices, however the estate officer, ndmc in august, 2021 directed for vacation of the land in 15 days and pay damages.
dmsw filed an appeal against the order of ndmc before the district judge, rohini court which is being heard by the court.
dmswsl has been in lawful possession of the land handed over to it by ndmc under the concession agreement and is obliged to return to ndmc upon completion of the project in 2029. based on internal assessment and legal advice, management is of the firm view that there will not be any impact of this matter on the financial statements.
iv a power purchase agreement was executed between hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited hmespl and telangana state southern power distribution company limited tsspdcl in february 2020. telangana state electricity regulatory commission tserc has determined the tariff for the power generated through waste to energy plants vide its generic tariff order in april 2020 which includes a direction for reimbursement of tipping fee by the generators upon receipt of the same under the concession agreement.
therefore, tsspdcl has issued a notice in july 2021 claiming reimbursement of tipping fee.
the company has challenged the aforesaid notice and obtained an interim relief of stay order against tsspdcl not to deduct such reimbursement from the bills till the matter is decided.
separately, the company has filed a review petition before tserc for reviewing its orders.
both the petitions are posted for hearing.
as hmespl does not receive any tipping fee, the need for reimbursement does not arise.
further himsw & hmespl are two separate entities and therefore lifting of corporate veil as alleged by tsspdcl is not applicable.
based on internal assessment and legal advice, management is of the view that there would be no impact of this matter on the financial statements of the company.
48. the income tax department has conducted a search operation on the company's registered office during the year.
no order consequent to such operation has so far been received by the company.
management believes that there would be no implication of the aforesaid search operations on the standalone financial statements of the company.
49. statutory group information parent company: re sustainability limited, indian subsidiaries: mumbai waste management limited indian subsidiaries: delhi msw solutions limited indian subsidiaries: hyderabad integrated msw limited indian subsidiaries: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited indian subsidiaries: medicare environmental management private limited indian subsidiaries: west bengal waste management limited indian subsidiaries: re sustainability iwm solutions limited indian subsidiaries: dundigal waste 2 energy private limited indian subsidiaries: re sustainability healthcare solutions limited indian subsidiaries: ramky iwm private limited indian subsidiaries: chennai enviro solutions private limited indian subsidiaries: ramky arm recycling private limited indian subsidiaries: rewa msw energy solutions private limited indian subsidiaries: chennai msw private limited indian subsidiaries: saagar msw solutions private limited indian subsidiaries: re sustainability solutions private limited indian subsidiaries: hyderabad c&d waste private limited indian subsidiaries: maridi bio industries private limited indian subsidiaries: adityapur waste management private limited indian subsidiaries: pithampur industrial waste management private limited table end.
table: share in total and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 march 2022 table: net assets i.e., total assets less total liabilities as at 31 march 2022 name of the entity in the group: parent company, balance as at 31 march 2022 inr lakhs : 138,235.32, %: 50.00%, share in profit and loss inr lakhs : 4,805.17, %: -4.61%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 4,760.97, %: 10.16%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 44.20 , %: 10.16% name of the entity in the group: indian subsidiaries, balance as at 31 march 2022 inr lakhs : 80,507.03, %: 29.12%, share in profit and loss inr lakhs : 17,550.84, %: 0.21%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 17,552.81, %: 37.46%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 1,97, %: 37.46% name of the entity in the group: ...
other subsidiaries ..., balance as at 31 march 2022 inr lakhs : ..., %: ..., share in profit and loss inr lakhs : ..., %: ..., share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : ..., %: ..., share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : ..., %: ...
note : the table above is a simplified representation of the data presented in the image.
some minor formatting discrepancies might exist due to the limitations of extracting data from image-based tables.
the full detail might be needed for complete accuracy.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: financial data by entity name of the entity in the group: visakha solvents limited, net assets inr lakhs : 604.16, %: 0.22%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 142.29 , %: 0.31% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 141.50 , %: 0.30% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 141.50 , %: 0.30% name of the entity in the group: dehradun waste management private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 463.63, %: 0.17%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 200.70 , %: 0.44% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 200.98 , %: 0.43% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 200.98 , %: 0.43% name of the entity in the group: alliance envirocare company private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 240.79, %: 0.09%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 61.30, %: 0.13%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 61.30, %: 0.13%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 61.30, %: 0.13% name of the entity in the group: bio medical waste treatment plant private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 172.70, %: 0.06%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 49.15, %: 0.11%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 49.15, %: 0.11%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 49.15, %: 0.11% name of the entity in the group: pashamylaram cetp private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 0.75, %: 0.00%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 0.25 , %: 0.00% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.25 , %: 0.00% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.25 , %: 0.00% name of the entity in the group: dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 0.17, %: 0.00%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.45 , %: 0.00% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.45 , %: 0.00% name of the entity in the group: re sustainability & recycling private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 3.19, %: 0.00%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 563.35, %: 1.23%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 567.59, %: 1.21%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 567.59, %: 1.21% name of the entity in the group: ramky reclamation and recycling limited, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: ramky e-waste management limited, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: deccan recyclers private limited, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: delhi cleantech services private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 1,329.68 , %: 0.48% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 644.54 , %: 1.40% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 637.51 , %: 1.36% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 637.51 , %: 1.36% name of the entity in the group: rewa msw management solutions limited, net assets inr lakhs : 997.40 , %: 0.36% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 102.91 , %: 0.22% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 102.91 , %: 0.22% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 102.91 , %: 0.22% name of the entity in the group: re sustainability urban solutions private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 631.45 , %: 0.23% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 217.81 , %: 0.47% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 217.31 , %: 0.46% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 217.31 , %: 0.46% name of the entity in the group: pro enviro c&d waste management private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 315.41 , %: 0.11% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 22.41 , %: 0.05% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 22.41 , %: 0.05% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 22.41 , %: 0.05% name of the entity in the group: pro enviro recycling private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 228.87 , %: 0.08% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 9.81, %: 0.02%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 13.21, %: 0.03%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 13.21, %: 0.03% name of the entity in the group: katni msw management private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 208.80 , %: 0.08% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 195.69 , %: 0.43% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 195.69 , %: 0.42% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 195.69 , %: 0.42% name of the entity in the group: dhanbad integrated msw limited, net assets inr lakhs : 171.90 , %: 0.06% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 18.43 , %: 0.04% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 18.43 , %: 0.04% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 18.43 , %: 0.04% name of the entity in the group: rewa waste 2 energy projects limited, net assets inr lakhs : 18.33 , %: 0.01% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 10.42 , %: 0.02% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 10.42 , %: 0.02% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 10.42 , %: 0.02% name of the entity in the group: kesda waste management private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 9.42 , %: 0.00% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 0.30 , %: 0.00% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.30 , %: 0.00% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.30 , %: 0.00% name of the entity in the group: ip msw solution private limited, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: rewa msw holdings limited, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: chhattisgarh energy, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: consortium india private limited, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: b & g solar private limited, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - table end.
table: financial data by foreign subsidiaries and associates name of the entity in the group: re sustainability cleantech pte.
ltd., net assets inr lakhs : 20,314.44, %: 7.35%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 3,167.26, %: 0.00%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 5,672.20, %: 12.10%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 5,672.20, %: 12.10% name of the entity in the group: re sustainability international singapore pte.
ltd., net assets inr lakhs : 13,586.21, %: 4.91%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 279.36 , %: 0.61% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 450.01 , %: 0.96% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 450.01 , %: 0.96% name of the entity in the group: ramky enviro engineers middle east fz llc, net assets inr lakhs : 6,561.38, %: 2.37%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 588.78, %: 1.28%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 800.41, %: 1.71%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 800.41, %: 1.71% name of the entity in the group: ramky international india pte.
ltd, net assets inr lakhs : 4,317.66, %: 1.56%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 0.43 , %: 0.00% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 373.79, %: 0.80%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 373.79, %: 0.80% name of the entity in the group: re sustainability solutions pte.
ltd., net assets inr lakhs : 2,202.00, %: 0.80%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 132.87, %: 0.29%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 305.89 , %: 0.65% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 305.89 , %: 0.65% name of the entity in the group: nature environmental & marine services, net assets inr lakhs : 2,026.36, %: 0.73%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 227.22, %: 0.00%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 227.22, %: 0.48%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 227.22, %: 0.48% name of the entity in the group: rvac private limited, net assets inr lakhs : 871.31, %: 0.32%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 69.21, %: 0.15%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 319.57, %: 0.68%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 319.57, %: 0.68% name of the entity in the group: ramky enviro north america llc, net assets inr lakhs : 825.05, %: 0.30%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 25.85, %: 0.50%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 25.85, %: 0.06%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 25.85, %: 0.06% name of the entity in the group: ramky-royal building maintenance and services inc, net assets inr lakhs : 195.51, %: 0.07%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: pt ramky indonesia, net assets inr lakhs : 1.75, %: 0.00%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: ramky cleantech services china pte.
ltd, net assets inr lakhs : 699.18 , %: 0.25% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 3.14 , %: 0.01% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 48.16 , %: 0.10% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 48.16 , %: 0.10% name of the entity in the group: ramky enviro engineers bangladesh limited, net assets inr lakhs : 33.52 , %: 0.01% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 26.94 , %: 0.06% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 26.94 , %: 0.06% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 26.94 , %: 0.06% name of the entity in the group: ramky cleantech services philippines pte.
ltd, net assets inr lakhs : 23.95 , %: 0.01% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 2.43 , %: 0.01% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 2.26 , %: 0.00% , share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 2.26 , %: 0.00% name of the entity in the group: ramky environmental technology shenzhen co.
ltd, net assets inr lakhs : 22.13 , %: 0.01% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: ramky tanzania limited, net assets inr lakhs : 355.14, %: 0.00%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 0.09, %: 0.00%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.09, %: 0.00%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 0.09, %: 0.00% name of the entity in the group: ramky cleantech environmental services - sole proprietorship llc, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: non-controlling interests in all subsidiaries , net assets inr lakhs : 1,914.64, %: 0.69%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: foreign associates , net assets inr lakhs : 2,505.13, %: 0.91%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 21.47 , %: 0.05% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: al ahlia waste treatment llc, net assets inr lakhs : 2,357.83, %: 0.85%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 355.79 , %: 0.78% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: farz llc, net assets inr lakhs : 606.17, %: 0.22%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 80.13 , %: 0.04% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: ramky al-turki environmental services, net assets inr lakhs : 628.25, %: 0.23%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 798.72 , %: 1.74% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: foreign joint controlled entities , net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: al ahlia environmental services co llc, net assets inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: consolidation adjustment , net assets inr lakhs : 148,820.49 , %: 53.83% , share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 1,087.86 , %: 2.37% , share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: -, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : -, %: - name of the entity in the group: total , net assets inr lakhs : 276,458.47, %: 100.00%, share in profit & loss inr lakhs : 45,900.65, %: 100%, share in other comprehensive income inr lakhs : 46,859.96, %: 100%, share in total comprehensive income inr lakhs : 46,859.96, %: 100% table end.
note: refer note 46 for additional information on some entities.
the provided data is a simplification of the original tables to improve readability and alignment within a markdown format.
some minor inconsistencies or rounding differences might exist due to limitations of the ocr process and the need for table data simplification.
49. statutory group information table: consolidated financial statements data for the year ended 31 march 2022 name of the entity in the group: parent company: re sustainability limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 58.23%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 133,117.82, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 10.55%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 4,193.92, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 10.63%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 4,237.56 name of the entity in the group: mumbai waste management limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 27.54%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 62,949.78, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 36.51%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 14,513.32, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 36.41%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 14,515.12 name of the entity in the group: delhi msw solutions limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 9.76%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 22,307.85, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 10.76%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 4,275.97, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 10.78%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 4,298.38 name of the entity in the group: hyderabad integrated msw limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 12.54%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 28,660.76, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 8.27%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 3,286.90, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 8.26%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 3,290.82 name of the entity in the group: hyderabad msw energy solutions private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 14.28%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 32,651.30, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 2.89%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 1,150.03, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 2.88%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 1,146.12 name of the entity in the group: medicare environmental management private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 4.52%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 10,334.48, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 4.01%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 1,595.62, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 4.03%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 1,604.89 name of the entity in the group: west bengal waste management limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 4.54%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 10,381.05, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 5.56%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 2,209.90, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 5.55%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 2,211.63 name of the entity in the group: re sustainability iwm solutions limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 3.34%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 7,625.12, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 5.87%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 2,333.96, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 5.88%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 2,345.31 name of the entity in the group: dundigal waste 2 energy private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.00%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 1.31%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 521.33 name of the entity in the group: re sustainability healthcare solutions limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 2.59%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 5,929.17, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 1.26%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 500.12, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.02%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 6.29 name of the entity in the group: ramky iwm private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 2.30%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 5,257.43, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.02%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 6.29, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.02%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 6.29 name of the entity in the group: chennai enviro solutions private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.03%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 57.36, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.14%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 56.36, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.14%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 56.36 name of the entity in the group: ramky arm recycling private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.34%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 768.32, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.32 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 128.49 , for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.33 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 129.58 name of the entity in the group: rewa msw energy solutions private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.00%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 4.33%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 1,722.80, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 4.30%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 1,715.76 name of the entity in the group: chennai msw private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 1.20%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 2,737.42, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.60 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 240.18 , for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.60 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 238.05 name of the entity in the group: saagar msw solutions private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.76%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 1,577.89, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 2.14%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 850.75, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 2.14%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 851.52 name of the entity in the group: re sustainability solutions private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.69%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 1,577.89, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.52%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 205.37, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.52%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 205.47 name of the entity in the group: hyderabad c&d waste private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 1.54%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 3,521.24, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.81%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 323.48, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.81%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 324.13 name of the entity in the group: maridi bio industries private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.29%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 658.53, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 1.25%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 497.30, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 1.25%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 497.84 name of the entity in the group: adityapur waste management private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.00%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 1.55, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.00 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 2.53 , for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.67 name of the entity in the group: pithampur industrial waste management private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.33%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 745.65, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.40 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 157.39 , for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.39 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 157.00 name of the entity in the group: visakha solvents limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.27%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 622.64, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.62 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 245.61 , for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.62 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 245.30 name of the entity in the group: alliance envirocare company private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.12%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 269.03, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.14%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 57.52, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: bio medical waste treatment plant private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.07%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 168.88, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.13%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 50.66, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: pashamylaram cetp private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.00%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: dhanbad integrated waste 2 energy private limited, balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 0.57%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 1,305.97, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 1.05%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 417.64, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 1.05%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 417.08 name of the entity in the group: re sustainability & recycling private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : refer note 46, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : refer note 46 name of the entity in the group: ramky reclamation and recycling limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : refer note 46, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : refer note 46 name of the entity in the group: deccan recyclers private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 2.57 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 1,020.41 name of the entity in the group: delhi cleantech services private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.18 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 71.85 name of the entity in the group: rewa msw management solutions limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.44 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 174.01 name of the entity in the group: re sustainability urban solutions private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.06 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 23.80 name of the entity in the group: pro enviro c&d waste management private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 1.48 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 588.97 name of the entity in the group: pro enviro recycling private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.05 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 20.51 name of the entity in the group: katni msw management private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: dhanbad integrated msw limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: rewa waste 2 energy projects limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: kesda waste management private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: ip msw solution private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: rewa msw holdings limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: chhattisgarh energy consortium india private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.00%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 0.00% name of the entity in the group: b & g solar private limited, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 0.16%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 62.91 name of the entity in the group: re sustainability cleantech pte.
ltd., balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 7.26%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 16,602.73, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 14.27%, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 5,672.20, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 14.23%, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 5,672.20 name of the entity in the group: re sustainability international singapore pte.
ltd., balance as at 31 march, 2021 % : 5.89%, balance as at 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 13,466.70, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 % : 1.13 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2021 inr lakhs : 450.01 , for the year ended 31 march, 2022 % : 1.13 %, for the year ended 31 march, 2022 inr lakhs : 450.01 table end.
notes: all amounts are in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data.
refer note 46 indicates additional information is available in note 46 of the consolidated financial statements.
parentheses indicate negative values.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated 50. service concession arrangements the following companies of the group “concessionaries” have entered into a services concession arrangement s with various authorities “the grantor” for design, construction, development, finance, operation and maintenance of integrated municipal solid waste management projects msw or hazardous waste management project iwm or construction and demolition waste management projects c&d on build, operate and transfer bot basis, which at the end of concession period must be returned in the stipulated conditions to the grantors of the concession.
the group is entitled to collect tipping fees from the respective municipal authorities or the customers for hazardous waste - tnwml delhi tsdf project towards waste collected/disposed.
table: service concession arrangements details sr. no.: 1, group entity: project, re sustainability limited: shimoga, re sustainability limited: belgaum, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: jawahar nagar, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: jawahar nagar waste to energy, saagar msw solutions private ltd: saagar msw c&t and saagar p&d, katni msw private ltd: katni msw c&t and katni p&d sr. no.: 2, group entity: grantor, re sustainability limited: shimoga city municipal council, re sustainability limited: belgaum city corporation, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: greater hyderabad municipal corporation ghmc , hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: greater hyderabad municipal corporation ghmc , saagar msw solutions private ltd: nagar palik nigam, sagar, katni msw private ltd: nagar palik nigam, katni sr. no.: 3, group entity: nature of asset, re sustainability limited: intangible asset, re sustainability limited: intangible asset, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: intangible/financial, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: intangible asset, saagar msw solutions private ltd: intangible/financial, katni msw private ltd: intangible/financial sr. no.: 4, group entity: year when sca granted, re sustainability limited: 2009, re sustainability limited: 2007, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: 2009, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: 2009, saagar msw solutions private ltd: 2015, katni msw private ltd: 2015 sr. no.: 5, group entity: scope , re sustainability limited: p&d - msw, re sustainability limited: p&d - msw, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: integrated - msw, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: waste to energy, saagar msw solutions private ltd: integrated, katni msw private ltd: integrated sr. no.: 6, group entity: period including active landfill , re sustainability limited: 12 years, re sustainability limited: 17 years, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: 25 years, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: 17 years, saagar msw solutions private ltd: 21 years, katni msw private ltd: 21 years sr. no.: 7, group entity: extension of period, re sustainability limited: mutually agreed terms sr. no.: 8, group entity: commencement of operations, re sustainability limited: 2012, re sustainability limited: 2010, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: 2012, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: 2020, saagar msw solutions private ltd: 2015, katni msw private ltd: 2015 sr. no.: 9, group entity: post closure maintenance period, re sustainability limited: 3 years, re sustainability limited: 5 years, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: 15 years, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: 15 years, saagar msw solutions private ltd: na, katni msw private ltd: na sr. no.: 10, group entity: project end date including post closure , re sustainability limited: 2027, re sustainability limited: 2032, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: 2052, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: 2052, saagar msw solutions private ltd: 2036, katni msw private ltd: 2036 sr. no.: 11, group entity: stage of completion, re sustainability limited: completed sr. no.: 12, group entity: grants, re sustainability limited: eligible, re sustainability limited: -, hyderabad integrated msw ltd: eligible, hyderabad msw energy solutions private ltd: na, saagar msw solutions private ltd: eligible, katni msw private ltd: eligible sr. no.: 13, group entity: premature termination, re sustainability limited: on force majeure event or parties defaulting on their obligations table end.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: project details - group entities left table: project details - group entities right sr. no.: 1, group entity: project, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: hyderabad c&d, dehradun waste management private ltd: dehradun p&d, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: noida c&d, rewa msw management solutions ltd: rewa msw c&t, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: rewa msw p&d and wte, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: c&d-vijayawada sr. no.: 2, group entity: grantor, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: greater hyderabad municipal corporation ghmc , dehradun waste management private ltd: nagar nigam dehradun nnd , ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: new okhal industrial development authority, rewa msw management solutions ltd: nagar palik nigam, rewa, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: nagar palik nigam, rewa, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: vijayawada municipal corporation sr. no.: 3, group entity: nature of asset, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: intangible, dehradun waste management private ltd: intangible/financial, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: intangible/financial, rewa msw management solutions ltd: intangible/financial, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: intangible, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: intangible sr. no.: 4, group entity: year when sca granted, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: 2018, dehradun waste management private ltd: 2016, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: 2019, rewa msw management solutions ltd: 2017, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: 2017, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2017 sr. no.: 5, group entity: scope , hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: construction & demolition, dehradun waste management private ltd: processing & disposal, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: construction & demolition, rewa msw management solutions ltd: integrated, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: integrated, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: construction & demolition sr. no.: 6, group entity: period including active landfill , hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: 25 years, dehradun waste management private ltd: 15 years, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: 15 years, rewa msw management solutions ltd: 21 years, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: 21 years, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 20 years sr. no.: 7, group entity: extension of period, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: mutually agreed terms sr. no.: 8, group entity: commencement of operations date, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: 2020, dehradun waste management private ltd: 2018, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: 2020, rewa msw management solutions ltd: 2018, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: 2020, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2018 sr. no.: 9, group entity: post closure maintenance period, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: -, dehradun waste management private ltd: -, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: -, rewa msw management solutions ltd: -, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: -, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: - sr. no.: 10, group entity: project end date including post closure , hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: 2045, dehradun waste management private ltd: 2034, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: 2033, rewa msw management solutions ltd: 2038, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: 2038, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2037 sr. no.: 11, group entity: stage of completion, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: completed, dehradun waste management private ltd: completed, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: completed, rewa msw management solutions ltd: completed, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: completed/under construction, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: under construction sr. no.: 12, group entity: grants, hyderabad c&d waste private ltd: -, dehradun waste management private ltd: eligible, ramky reclamation & recycling ltd: eligible, rewa msw management solutions ltd: eligible, rewa waste 2 energy project ltd: eligible, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: - sr. no.: 13, group entity: premature termination, dehradun waste management private ltd: on force majeure event or parties defaulting on their obligations table end.
notes: all tables represent data from the notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022. amounts are in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data.
notes to consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 march 2022 all amounts in indian rupees in lakhs, except for share data or as otherwise stated table: group entity details sr. no.: 1, group entity: project, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: c&d-vizag, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: c&d-tirupati, b&g solar private ltd : b&g solar, chennai enviro solutions private limited: chennai - c&t, dundigal waste 2 energy private limited: dundigal w2e, rewa msw energy private limited: rewa wte sr. no.: 2, group entity: grantor, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: greater vishakapatam municipal corporation, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: tirupati municipal corporation, b&g solar private ltd : tamilnadu electricity board, chennai enviro solutions private limited: the greater chennai corporation, dundigal waste 2 energy private limited: tsiic/tsredco/tsspdcl, rewa msw energy private limited: nagar palik nigam, rewa sr. no.: 3, group entity: nature of asset, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: intangible, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: intangible, b&g solar private ltd : intangible, chennai enviro solutions private limited: intangible, dundigal waste 2 energy private limited: intangible, rewa msw energy private limited: intangible/financial 2017 sr. no.: 4, group entity: year when sca granted, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2017, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2018, b&g solar private ltd : 2010, chennai enviro solutions private limited: 2021 sr. no.: 5, group entity: scope , pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: construction & demolition, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: construction & demolition, b&g solar private ltd : solar power plant, chennai enviro solutions private limited: c&t, rewa msw energy private limited: integrated waste to energy sr. no.: 6, group entity: period including active landfill , pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 20 years, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 20 years, b&g solar private ltd : 25 years, chennai enviro solutions private limited: 8 years, dundigal waste 2 energy private limited: 20 years , rewa msw energy private limited: 21 years sr. no.: 7, group entity: extension of period, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: mutually agreed terms sr. no.: 8, group entity: commencement of operations, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2019, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: yet to start, b&g solar private ltd : 2011, chennai enviro solutions private limited: 2021, dundigal waste 2 energy private limited: yet to start, rewa msw energy private limited: 2020 sr. no.: 9, group entity: post closure maintenance period, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: -, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: -, rewa msw energy private limited: - sr. no.: 10, group entity: project end date including post closure , pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2037, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: 2038, b&g solar private ltd : 2036, chennai enviro solutions private limited: 2029, dundigal waste 2 energy private limited: 2042, rewa msw energy private limited: 2038 sr. no.: 11, group entity: stage of completion, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: completed, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: completed, b&g solar private ltd : completed, chennai enviro solutions private limited: completed, dundigal waste 2 energy private limited: under construction, rewa msw energy private limited: under construction sr. no.: 12, group entity: grants, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: -, pro enviro c&d waste management pvt ltd: -, rewa msw energy private limited: - sr. no.: 13, group entity: premature termination, chennai enviro solutions private limited: on force majeure event or parties defaulting on their obligations, rewa msw energy private limited: - table end.
scope represents the following c&t -msw: collection and transportation of municipal waste p&d -msw: processing and disposal of municipal waste integrated msw: represents combination of c&t and p&d p&d -hazardous: processing and disposal of industrial waste c&d: treatment of construction and demolition waste waste to energy: generation of power using rdf \ during the current year, the group sold the subsidiary.
\ \ as per tsrec tariff order, 100% of power to be procured by tsspdcl.
power purchase agreement yet to be signed.
51. other statutory i the group do not have any benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property.
ii the group do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with roc beyond the statutory period.
iii the group have not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
iv the group have not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person s or entity ies , including foreign entities intermediaries with the understanding that the intermediary shall: a directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company ultimate beneficiaries or b provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries v the group have not received any fund from any person s or entity ies , including foreign entities funding party with the understanding whether recorded in writing or otherwise that the company shall: a directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the funding party ultimate beneficiaries or b provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
vi the group have not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the income tax act, 1961 such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the income tax act, 1961 vii all the icds/pds have been issued between group companies in the normal course of business under the treasury activities.
no money was advanced or invested to entities outside the group 52. subsequent to the balance sheet date, the group has sent notice of termination to one of its customers with respect to two contracts and has claimed for rs.
7,552 as per contractual terms.
the group has receivables net of provision of rs.
333, retention receivable net of provision of rs.
605, grant receivable of rs.
353 and intangible assets under service concession net-off provision for replacement of rs 1,640.
management is of the view that no adjustments are required to these financial statements with respect to this matter considering the protective clauses in the contracts with respect to recoverability of these assets.
53. previous year's numbers have been regrouped / reclassed to match the classifications in the current year.
auditor information: for s.r. batliboi & associates llp, chartered accountants, icai firm registration no.
101049w/e300004, per atin bhargava, partner, membership no: 504777, place: hyderabad, date: 24 august 2022 for and on behalf of the board of directors of re sustainability limited formerly known as ramky enviro engineers limited , m goutham reddy, managing director, din: 00251461, pankaj maharaj, chief financial officer, place: hyderabad, date: 24 august 2022 masood alam mallick, whole-time director & ceo, din: 01059902, govind singh, company secretary, membership no.
a41173 gri index: integrated annual report 2021-22 organization profile gri: gri 2-1, description: organizational details, cross reference/direct answer: about resl, page number: 28 gri: gri 2-2, description: entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting, cross reference/direct answer: about the report, page number: 07 gri: gri 2-3, description: reporting period, frequency and contact point, cross reference/direct answer: about the report, page number: 07 gri: gri 2-4, description: restatements of information, cross reference/direct answer: change in scope – 1 emission factors used, page number: 156 gri: gri 2-6, description: activities, value chain and other business relationships, cross reference/direct answer: about resl, page number: 28-31 gri: gri 2-7, description: employees, cross reference/direct answer: human capital: employment, page number: 103 gri: gri 2-9, description: governance structure and composition, cross reference/direct answer: board & executive team, page number: 22-25 gri: gri 2-10, description: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 38-39 gri: gri 2-11, description: chair of the highest governance body, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 38-39 gri: gri 2-12, description: role of highest governance body in overseeing the management impacts, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance & board & executive team, page number: 22, 38 gri: gri 2-13, description: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance & sustainability@resl, page number: 38, 46 gri: gri 2-14, description: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 39 gri: gri 2-15, description: conflicts of interest, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 39 gri: gri 2-16, description: communication of critical concerns, cross reference/direct answer: social and relationship capital: customer engagement, page number: 128 gri: gri 2-17, description: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 39 gri: gri 2-18, description: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 38, 39 gri: gri 2-19, description: remuneration policies, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 39 gri: gri 2-20, description: process to determine remuneration, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance; employee engagement and wellbeing, page number: 39, 110 gri: gri 2-22, description: statement on sustainable development strategy, cross reference/direct answer: our sustainability framework, page number: 48 gri: gri 2-23, description: policy commitments, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 40, 41 gri: gri 2-24, description: embedding policy commitments, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 38-41 gri: gri 2-25, description: processes to remediate negative impacts, cross reference/direct answer: human capital: human rights, freedom of association and collective bargaining; social and relationship capital: customer engagement, page number: 115, 129 gri: gri 2-26, description: mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, cross reference/direct answer: human capital: human rights, freedom of association and collective bargaining; social and relationship capital: customer engagement, page number: 115, 129 gri: gri 2-27, description: compliance with laws and regulations, cross reference/direct answer: there were no material instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations during the reporting year, page number: - gri: gri 2-29, description: approach to stakeholder agreements, cross reference/direct answer: stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment, page number: 54-57 gri: gri 2-30, description: collective bargaining agreements, cross reference/direct answer: human capital: freedom of association and collective bargaining, page number: 115 table end.
economic disclosures gri: gri 3-1, description: process to determine material topics, cross reference/direct answer: stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment, page number: 56 gri: gri 3-2, description: list of material topics, cross reference/direct answer: stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment, page number: 59 gri: gri 3-3, description: management of material topics, cross reference/direct answer: stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment, page number: 54-61 gri: gri 201-1, description: direct economic value generated and distributed, cross reference/direct answer: financial capital: resl’s financial metrics consolidated , page number: 66 gri: gri 204-1, description: proportion of spending on local suppliers, cross reference/direct answer: social and relationship capital: supplier engagement, page number: 131 table end.
anti-corruption gri: gri 205-1, description: operations assessed for risks related to corruption, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance, page number: 38 gri: gri 205-2, description: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, cross reference/direct answer: corporate governance: policy framework, page number: 40 gri: gri 205-3, description: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, cross reference/direct answer: no significant incidents of corruption were reported during the past four years, page number: - table end.
anti-competitive behaviour gri: gri 206-1, description: legal actions for anti-competitive behaviours, anti-trust, and monopoly practices, cross reference/direct answer: in last four financial years, there have been no legal actions or cases of anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly practices, page number: - table end.
environmental disclosures gri 301: materials gri 301-1: materials used by weight or volume: manufactured capital page 74 gri 302: energy and emissions gri 302-1: energy consumption within the organization: natural capital: energy and emissions page 152 gri 302-4: reduction of energy consumption: natural capital: energy and emissions page 154 gri 303: water and effluent gri 303-1: interaction with water as a shared resource: natural capital: water page 160 gri 303-2: management of water discharge related impacts: natural capital: water page 160 gri 303-3: water withdrawal: natural capital: water page 161 gri 305: emissions gri 305-1: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions: natural capital: energy and emissions page 156 gri 305-2: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions: natural capital: energy and emissions page 156 gri 306: waste gri 306-1: waste generation and significant waste-related impacts: natural capital: waste page 157 gri 306-3: waste generated: natural capital: waste page 158 gri 308: supplier environmental assessment gri 308-1: new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria: social and relationship capital: supplier engagement page 131 gri 308-2: negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken: social and relationship capital: supplier engagement page 131 social disclosures gri 401: employment gri 401-1: new employee hires and employee turnover: human capital: employment page 104 gri 401-2: benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees: human capital: benefits provided to employees page 105 gri 401-3: parental leave: human capital: benefits provided to employees page 105 gri 403: occupational health and safety gri 403-1: occupational health and safety management system: human capital: occupational health and safety page 116 gri 403-2: hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation: human capital: occupational health and safety page 125 gri 403-3: occupational health services: human capital: occupational health and safety page 119 gri 403-4: worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety: human capital: occupational health and safety page 116 gri 403-5: worker training on occupational health and safety: human capital: occupational health and safety - health and safety training page 120 gri 403-6: promotion of worker health: human capital: employee engagement and wellbeing page 110 gri 403-7: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships: human capital: occupational health and safety page 125 gri 403-8: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system: human capital: occupational health and safety page 116 gri 403-9: work-related injuries: human capital: occupational health and safety page 122 gri 404: training and education gri 404-1: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee: human capital: learning and development page 107 gri 404-2: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs: human capital: learning and development page 107 gri 404-3: percentage of total employees by gender and by employee category who received a regular performance and career development review during the reporting period: human capital: employment page 103 gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity gri 405-1: diversity of governance bodies and employees: human capital: employment, diversity, equity and inclusion pages 103, 113 gri 406: non-discrimination gri 406-1: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken: human capital: human rights page 115 gri 407: freedom of association and collective bargaining gri 407-1: operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk: human capital: freedom of association and collective bargaining; social and relationship capital: supplier engagement pages 115, 132 gri 408: child labour gri 408-1: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labour: human capital: forced and child labour; social and relationship capital: supplier engagement pages 115, 132 gri 409: forced or compulsory labour gri 409-1: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labour: human capital: forced and child labour; social and relationship capital: supplier engagement pages 115, 132 gri 410: security practices page numbers in parentheses refer to the page number in the original report where the information is found.
gri standards: social and environmental performance human capital: human rights security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures: 115 local communities operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs: 135 operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities: - note: none of our operations have a negative impact on the local communities.
supplier social assessment new suppliers that were screened using social criteria: 131 public policy political contributions: - note: we did not make any monetary contribution to politicians, lobbyists, trade associations and other tax-exempt groups in the last four years.
customer privacy substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data: 97 re sustainability limited level 11, aurobindo galaxy, hyderabad knowledge city, hitech city road, hyderabad - 500 081, india.
t: +91 40 24446000 e: info@resustainability.com