uni-asia group limited sustainability report for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 company registration no: 201701284z incorporated in the republic of singapore table of contents chairman message ....................................................................3 about uni-asia .....................................................................5 corporate philosophy ................................................................5 corporate principles ...............................................................5 our mission statement .............................................................5 geographic presence ...............................................................7 membership of associations ......................................................8 about our report ..................................................................9 restatement of information .....................................................10 our approach towards sustainability & corporate responsibility ............11 board statement ..................................................................11 stakeholder engagement ..........................................................12 materiality assessment ..........................................................14 sustainability governance ......................................................16 corporate governance .............................................................17 environmental performance .....................................................21 emissions and energy management ...............................................21 water management .................................................................27 waste management ................................................................29 biodiversity ....................................................................32 environmental compliance .......................................................36 social performance ..............................................................37 occupational health and safety ................................................37 diversity and inclusion .........................................................39 local communities ...............................................................46 sustainability report fy2022 - uni-asia group limited governance performance .........................................................47 ethics and anti-corruption ....................................................47 responsible procurement .......................................................52 sustainable investment ........................................................52 appendix 1: gri content index ..................................................54 appendix 2: sgx core metrics ..................................................58 chairman message dear valued shareholders, on behalf of the board and management, i am proud to present to you the sustainability report of uni-asia group limited and its subsidiaries the “company”, “group” or “uni-asia” for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 “fy22” or “fy2022” or “2022” . as we emerge from the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, uni-asia remains committed to strengthening our sustainability journey.
with adverse events ranging from devastating weather phenomena to wars and geopolitical flashpoints, it has ingrained in us the importance of mitigating risks and preparing for the unforeseeable.
therefore, incorporating environmental, social and governance “esg” considerations across the group’s operations is crucial to us.
we pride ourselves on our strict adherence and compliance with the relevant environmental laws and regulations that acts as a foundation for our climate action.
with the international maritime organisation’s “imo” initial strategy to reduce greenhouse gas “greenhouse gas” emissions, it provides us with a guideline for us to work towards.
therefore, we look internally to reduce our environmental footprint across our operations.
additionally, as we continue to enhance our environmental measures and obtain various certificates such as the imo’s international air pollution prevention, international oil pollution prevention, and international engine efficiency.
uni-asia is dedicated to spearheading resource stewardship and managing our resource usage remains a strategic priority.
as such, we actively manage our water usage and waste generation through stepping up initiatives internally and across our operations.
uni-asia is also cognisant of the impact of our shipping activities on biodiversity.
accordingly, we completed the retrofitting of all our vessels with ballast water treatment system “bwts” that helps to manage our negative impact from the use of seawater on marine biodiversity.
further, we strictly adhere to the imo’s regulations on operational pollution to reduce the potential of oil spills or hazardous waste going into the ocean and creating irreparable damage to the marine ecosystem.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images to replace with placeholders.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 employee wellbeing and development our employees are the backbone of the group, and ensuring their wellbeing, satisfaction, and safety is paramount to achieving success and creating long-term value.
we enforce human capital policies and measures for occupational health and safety, diversity, and inclusion.
these measures include training for crew safety and career progression, as well as our board diversity policy.
in fy2022, we significantly increased our training budget, demonstrating our dedication to providing opportunities for employee growth.
community engagement bettering local communities is important to uni-asia.
our initiatives to give back to the communities where we operate are a testament to this commitment.
we continued our efforts to create shared communal housing for people with disabilities in japan.
we have invested in five group homes that include daytime care and support, aiming to provide a safe and comfortable place for our beneficiaries.
corporate governance and compliance we maintained our track record of achieving full compliance with all relevant and applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering regulations in fy2022.
uni-asia upholds integrity and transparency, guided by our group policy and manual.
we are integrating responsible investment practices into our decision-making to strengthen our corporate governance.
acknowledgement i extend my gratitude to the board, management, employees, and crew for their resilience, hard work, and commitment to the group's success.
we welcome our clients, business partners, bankers, and shareholders to continue contributing and supporting our sustainable endeavors.
we look forward to continuously growing sustainably at uni-asia.
michio tanamoto executive chairman 28 april 2023 there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
about uni-asia uni-asia group limited provides alternative investment opportunities and integrated services with respect to these investment opportunities.
we predominately focus on ships and properties, providing specialized expertise in managing the cash flows of these investments.
equipped with the necessary experience and familiarity in this field, we aim to create value for our clients through the diversification of alternative investments.
furthermore, our integrated services for various alternative investment assets facilitate the group's pursuit for long-term resilience and sustainability.
in 2007, we were successfully listed on the singapore exchange "sgx" and since then, we have raised over united states dollar100m in capital through equity financing and built up to the current portfolio of investments of ships and properties.
our corporate philosophy, corporate principles and mission statements are listed below.
corporate philosophy we will continue to take on new challenges, create new value, and contribute to society.
corporate principles we will uphold business ethics, ensure regulatory compliance and fulfill our responsibilities as a member of society without fear, favor or prejudice.
we will act fairly and honestly with all stakeholders and strive to maintain and improve trust.
we take pride and passion as a team of professionals and strive to provide services and products of the highest quality to the best of our abilities.
our mission statement we aim to be a truly trusted partner for our clients as a producer of alternative investment opportunities and an integrated service provider relating to alternative investments so as to deliver value to the group's shareholders, clients and employees.
to achieve this vision, we strive to improve the quality of our services to our clients, develop innovative new products to expand our clients' base for further growth, and strengthen our investment portfolio so as to generate recurring returns.
a producer of alternative investment opportunities we produce and offer alternative investment opportunities for assets such as vessels and properties to our clients.
an integrated service provider relating to alternative investments we provide integrated services relating to alternative asset investments including, but not limited to: asset/investment management; finance arrangement; sale and purchase brokerage of ships and properties; ship chartering as a ship owner; ship chartering brokerage; ship technical management; project management; property development/construction management; and property management and leasing arrangements.
continuously striving to enhance the quality of our services, uni-asia constantly innovates to expand our client base and strengthen our portfolio to generate sustainable returns.
our business segments are broken down as follows: business segments the diagram shows three main business segments: shipping, property, and headquarters.
each segment is further divided into sub-segments with descriptions of their activities.
geographic presence principal places of business as at 31 december 2022 japan 19 employees uni-asia capital japan ltd.
hulic kandabashi building 5f, 1-21-1 kanda nishikicho, chiyoda-ku, tokyo, japan, 101-0054 tel: 81 3 3518 9200 fax: 81 3 3518 9201 singapore 9 employees uni-asia group limited 30 cecil street 10-06/07 prudential tower, singapore 049712 tel: 65 6438 1800 fax: 65 6438 1500 hong kong 25 employees uni-asia holdings limited 30/f., prosperity millennia plaza, no.
663 king's road, north point, hong kong tel: 852 2528 5016 fax: 852 2528 5020 shanghai 13 employees wealth ocean ship management shanghai co., ltd.
room 701, yongda international tower, 2277 longyang road, pudong district, shanghai, 201204, china tel: 86 21 5888 8007 fax: 86 21 5888 8053 guangzhou 1 employee uni-asia guangzhou property management co., ltd.
room 2401, guangzhou foreign economic & trade building, 351 tianhe road, guangzhou, 510620, china tel: 86 20 3880 2213 membership of associations the group is affiliated with the following memberships: 1. japan investment advisers association 日本投資顧問業協会 2. association of residential land building business 宅地建物取引業協会 3. the hong kong shipowners association 4. the japan shipping exchange, inc 日本海運集会所 5. rightship rightship is the world's leading esg focused digital maritime platform, providing expertise in global safety, sustainability and social responsibility practices about our report published on 28 april 2023, this report encompasses uni-asia's annual sustainability performance from the period from 1 january 2022 to december 2022 “fy2022” . this sustainability report supplements our annual report 2022 “ar2022” , financial reporting for the same period, that can be found on our website . the scope of this report incorporates our esg footprint across our operation sites in hong kong, singapore, and japan, which sizeably impacts our sustainability performance and considerations.
this report has been prepared in accordance with the global reporting initiative “gri” standards, an international sustainability framework that provides structure for the reporting of our material esg issues.
we employ the gri standards as they remain updated with the emerging industry and sustainability trends in the evolving sustainability landscape.
furthermore, aligning with the gri standards allows for internal and external performance comparability whilst ensuring the efficient tracking of our year-on-year performance against targets set.
the data and information presented in this report have been obtained directly from our operations within the reporting boundary.
in the applicable sections of the report, the data measurement methods and underlying assumptions or calculations have been accordingly noted.
we have used fy2020 as a baseline year as it reflects our business levels at an optimal state prior to covid-19.
additionally, we continue to monitor our sustainability progress through established targets and year-on-year tracking of our performance.
the gri standards content index is included at the end of the report.
no external assurance has been undertaken for this report.
ensuring this report remains holistic and compliance with regulations, internal review has been conducted by our internal audit team over our sustainability reporting processes.
we intend to further educate our staff, improve on internal policy and procedures in the area of esg before seeking external assurance in the near future.
this report is available publicly on our website at , and we welcome any feedback or suggestions relating to this report.
kindly reach out to us at uni-asia@uni-asia.com.sg with your feedback.
restatement of information we have restated past years' energy consumption data in this sustainability report to reflect a more accurate reflection of our fuel consumption.
in the previous years, we have included our charterer's fuel consumptions in our environmental data.
to present a better understanding of uni-asia's consumption levels, we have excluded them this year.
our approach towards sustainability & corporate responsibility the two fundamental principles of our sustainability and corporate responsibility are transparency and accountability.
with these guiding principles, we are able to integrate sustainability across our organisation and its operations.
we provide our services with utmost integrity and strive to showcase our group's values in our business strategy whilst advocating for environmental, social, and corporate governance.
we do so by ensuring our business operations and employees firmly adhere with laws and regulations to minimise any adverse esg risks and repercussions.
overseeing our approach towards sustainability and corporate responsibility, our board takes overall responsibility of our sustainability and esg issues alongside steering our business and overall strategy.
we remain dedicated to fostering a sustainable business with the cooperation of our valued stakeholders.
board statement uni-asia's mission is to be a trusted alternative investment partner and integrated service provider, delivering value to our shareholders, clients, and employees.
we aim to do this in a sustainable manner, focusing our efforts to minimise the impact we have on the environment, people, and economy.
committed to safeguarding the interests of our stakeholders, esg and sustainability matters come under the purview and governance of uni-asia's board of directors, who oversees the sustainability working committee and overall group sustainability framework and strategies.
as an asset/investment manager and investee, we are mindful of the impacts our investment decisions have on the environment.
striving to limit this, we strive to implement and enhance our environmental and climate change measures to reduce our carbon footprint and the negative impacts they have on waste, water, and biodiversity.
we hence embrace sustainability through the safeguards in place to minimise the operational harm our ships and properties may have on the environment.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 employee health, safety, and well-being the health, safety, and well-being of our people is a key concern at uni-asia.
we strive to take care of our employees while minimizing occupational hazards and risks.
we establish necessary safeguards and measures to reduce foreseeable safety risks, particularly in our maritime services operations, which present both onboard and on-land challenges.
driven by good corporate citizenry, we participate in community outreach programs and social projects to alleviate social inequalities.
corporate governance and compliance at uni-asia, we maintain compliance with all national, regional, and international regulations and laws.
this forms the cornerstone of our corporate governance strategy and includes socio-environmental laws, anti-corruption, and anti-bribery regulations.
our emphasis on good corporate governance enables efficient management and oversight of the board of directors, fostering a sustainable and transparent organization that delivers value through its sustainability journey.
stakeholder engagement uni-asia's stakeholders are integral to our business operations and play a crucial role in our success.
we value their input, as it provides valuable insights for continuous improvement.
we strive to meet the evolving needs of our stakeholders, believing their contributions will facilitate sustainable growth and value creation in the long run.
engagements with key stakeholder groups in fy2022 uni-asia is committed to engaging with its stakeholders and expanding its engagement methods.
key stakeholders are engaged regularly through several channels: table: stakeholder engagement in fy2022 stakeholder: clients, engagement mechanism: regular meetings to discuss product and service enhancements, and to align and customize based on specific customer requirements., frequency of engagement: depends on the nature of business; some departments have more regular meetings than others e.grams., mamd has bi-weekly meetings, others monthly or bi-monthly . stakeholder: employees, engagement mechanism: monthly management meetings for business updates and to discuss important business matters., frequency of engagement: weekly/monthly meetings, or as and when necessary.
stakeholder: co-investors/investors of group's investment projects, engagement mechanism: regular meetings to update on investment progress, returns, and to receive feedback., frequency of engagement: mamd provides quarterly performance reports and semi-annual meetings.
pid provides quarterly updates and meetings.
uacj provides monthly investor reports.
stakeholder: shareholders, investors, & lenders, engagement mechanism: shareholders and investors are kept abreast of key developments through analysts' briefings, results announcements, regular announcements, and direct contact via ir., frequency of engagement: performance updates twice yearly after sgx announcement of financial results; quarterly corporate updates are provided on quarters where results aren'tonnes announced.
notes : mamd refers to the maritime asset management department; pid refers to the property investment department; uacj refers to uni-asia capital japan limited; ir refers to investor relations.
see pages 34-37 of ar2022 for details of the group's ir effort for fy2022.
stakeholder engagement table: stakeholder engagement stakeholder: government & regulators, engagement mechanism: check tax and shipping registration requirements., frequency of engagement: on a case-by-case basis stakeholder: suppliers/vendors, engagement mechanism: discuss with equity providers suppliers about possible equity availability., frequency of engagement: quarterly meeting table end.
materiality assessment in 2021, we engaged internal stakeholders to validate esg material topics and issues deemed relevant to uni-asia.
we held interviews and internal workshops with our employees and management as part of our materiality assessment process.
the stakeholder engagement enabled us to identify the issues and topics that are material to uni-asia and work on internalising our environmental, social, and economic impacts.
uni-asia's senior management and board were consulted on the validation of the material topics to curate a final list of material topics for uni-asia.
whilst the stakeholder engagement was performed in 2021, it remains relevant as the results and feedback garnered aided the validation process as we furthered our materiality assessment exercise in fy2022 to stay abreast with the evolving landscape of sustainability trends.
as a result of the newly updated global reporting initiative “gri” 2021 standards, we conducted a materiality assessment refresh to update our definition of materiality as stated in the revised gri standards, whilst reviewing our current material topics to identify its relevance to our business, industry, and sustainability landscape.
as such, the materiality assessment refresh entailed an 'outward lens' when identifying the potential or actual positive and negative impacts resulting from uni-asia's business operations, across all denoted material esg topics.
in accordance with the new gri 2021 requirements, the materiality refresh aimed at holistically reassessing and prioritising the material topics most relevant to us.
this new assessment placed a greater emphasis on the impact of uni-asia's operations on the people including human rights , environment, and economy.
with the reassessment and ambition to expand our scope, we have prioritised our key material topics that are relevant to us, namely: uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 as we move forward from the covid-19 pandemic, we aim to focus and work on reducing our negative impacts on the environment and fostering a diverse and inclusive working environment, whilst strengthening our corporate governance within the organisation.
overall, the new materiality assessment frames our sustainability approach, strategy, and ambition.
environment 1. energy management 2. water management 3. waste management 4. biodiversity 5. environmental compliance social 1. occupational health and safety 2. diversity and inclusion 3. local communities governance 1. ethics and anti-corruption 2. responsible procurement 3. sustainable investment key focus areas: biodiversity waste management diversity and inclusion responsible procurement sustainable investment sustainability governance we established a sustainability governance framework in fy2022 to effectively manage uni-asia's impacts on the people, environment, and economy.
the highest governance body at uni-asia, the board of directors, maintains ultimate oversight and endorsement of uni-asia's esg and sustainability-related matters.
mr. michio tanamoto is currently the executive chairman of the board of directors.
for the full structure of our board of directors as well as management, please refer to ar2022, page 29. the audit committee, together with our internal auditor works together to provide assurance to the management and the board through internal reviews.
our sustainability working committee "swc" works closely with the respective business units esg champions and the department representatives to address the day-to-day esg projects and related activities and implement the necessary sustainability policies and strategies.
further, as an investment firm, the respective department representatives and business unit esg champions are responsible for integrating esg factors and climate-related risks into investment decisions and core business strategies.
as uni-asia's sustainability governance was newly curated in fy2022, uni-asia will continue to work on and enhance the governance of our impacts on the people, environment, and economy.
diagram shows the relationships between the board of directors, audit committee, sustainability working committee, internal auditor, business unit esg champions, and department representatives.
notes: no additional notes were found in the image.
corporate governance a robust and good corporate governance is critical and fundamental to uni-asia's success and creation of long-term shareholder value.
effective corporate governance measures will ensure that decisions are made in the best interest of the group and stakeholders.
as such, we have put in place the necessary measures and policies to strive for full compliance with the regulatory requirements and uphold the high standards of ethical concerns across our operations.
the board of directors at uni-asia has the overarching duty to protect and enhance the long-term value of the group.
the board oversees the business affairs of the group and assumes responsibility for the group's overall strategic plans, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposals, financial personal reviews and corporate governance practices.
our nominating committee "nc" is responsible for the nomination process of selecting the board.
the nc primarily leads the process for board appointments and ensures all board appointments and recruitment undergoes a formal, rigorous, and transparent process.
the process of identifying new board members involves the consideration of competencies which include: academic and professional qualities industry experience number of other directorships relevant experience as a director ability and adequacy in carrying out required tasks the nc leads the process for board appointments and re-appointments and makes recommendations to the board.
for further information on the nc and nomination process, please refer to the "corporate governance report" in pages 45 to 77 of ar2022.
the nc also upholds the board diversity policy that ensures there is a right mix of skills, experience, gender and age diversity within the board, recognizing the importance of an appropriate balance and diversity of industry knowledge, skills, background experience and professional qualifications in building an effective board.
for further information, please refer to the diversity and inclusion section.
corporate governance and director training ensuring our directors are kept up to date and informed about the latest changes in the industry, uni-asia's directors undergo necessary training to improve our corporate governance and professional development.
across any newly appointed director, an orientation training is provided to ensure the responsibilities and sgx rules are clearly articulated.
additionally, uni-asia facilitates and provides any training deemed necessary given the evolving nature of our economy.
in fy2022, our directors and senior management underwent an esg training session to comprehend the foundations of sustainability across the fields of the environment, society, governance, and economy in tandem with identifying the regulatory requirements for listed companies and the process of integrating climate risks into investment decision-making.
our nc has overall oversight of director's training and professional development programmes, including sustainability training of all directors.
for further information on the diversity and collective knowledge of the board, please refer to the biographies of our board members in ar2022 pages 38-40.
the performance of the board is also overseen by the nc, where it will review and make recommendations to the board on the process and criteria for performance evaluations of the board, board committees and directors.
the nc also has overall responsibility to review the independence of each director on an annual basis, adhering to the sgx-st listing rules and provisions and guidance under the code of corporate governance 2018 as the basis to determine independence of an independent director.
the nc has implemented an annual evaluation process to assess the effectiveness of the board and the board committees as well as assessing the contributions by the chairman and each individual director to the effectiveness of the board.
assessment parameters for the board includes accountability, evaluation and succession planning, diversity, composition and the board's processes and procedures.
for the year under review, there was also a self-appraisal to evaluate each director's performance and contribution, where factors such as contributions during meetings, being informed and having sufficient knowledge is taken into consideration.
additionally, the re-nomination of directors for the current year takes into account their attendances, commitment of time and contributions made at meetings of board and board committees as well as general meetings.
remuneration policies our remuneration committee “rc” was established as recommended by the sgx-st for listed issuers and is primarily responsible for facilitating appropriate transparency and accountability to shareholders.
the rc makes recommendations to the board on remuneration matters relating to the directors and key management personnel of the group.
we link the remuneration of our executive directors and key management personnel to their performance to motivate their performance in good stewardship to the group, deliver its business strategy and create long-term value for shareholders.
the remuneration packages of our key management personnel and executive directors include an appropriate variable bonus component which is performance-related to ensure decisions are made in alignment to the interests of our shareholders.
at uni-asia, we have a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies for our executive’s remuneration and for determining remuneration packages of individual directors.
as a measure to mitigate conflict of interest, we ensure that no directors are involved in the decision-making of his or her own remuneration.
for our employees, the managing directors and department heads are responsible for proposing an annual salary review, promotions, and bonus payments.
the rc considers all aspects of remuneration, namely, director’s fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, share-based incentives and awards, other benefits-in-kind and termination terms, to ensure that they are fair.
where external advice is needed, we may engage external consultants to frame remuneration policies and determine the level and mix of remuneration for directors and key management.
for more information on our rc activities and details of policies, please refer to ar2022 pages 56 – 61 on “remuneration matters”.
gri 2-9: governance structure and composition board composition category: percentage of independent non-executive director, value: 43% 3/7 category: percentage of non-independent and non-executive director, value: nil category: percentage of non-independent and executive director, value: 57% 4/7 table end.
board diversity category: women, value: 1 category: men, value: 6 table end.
directors' length of service category: served 9 years, value: independent – nil.
executive – 1 category: served < 9 years, value: 6 table end.
key management diversity category: women, value: 4 category: men, value: 5 table end.
board diversity chart : pie chart showing 86% men and 14% women.
key management diversity chart : pie chart showing 56% men and 44% women.
environmental performance emissions and energy management why this is material in 2021, international shipping accounted for almost 3% of greenhouse gas emission, contributing a significant amount to climate change.
the imo has set out an initial greenhouse gas strategy on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from international shipping by at least half by 2050, compared with their level in 2008 and work towards phasing out greenhouse gas emissions from shipping entirely as soon as possible in the century.
the initial greenhouse gas strategy envisages a reduction in carbon intensity of international shipping as an average across international shipping, by at least 40% by 2030, pursuing efforts towards 70% by 2050, compared to 2008 baseline.
further, in countries of operation such as singapore, the government has rolled out the singapore green plan 2030 to effectively manage energy consumption and curb emissions.
similarly, japan has a roadmap to "beyond zero" that calls for japan to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. cognisant of the high-emitting nature of the shipping industry and the intensive energy consumption in the investment or management of properties, uni-asia aims to align and work alongside such international and national strategies to manage our environmental impacts.
thus, we strive to manage our energy and fuel use across our shipping operations and investment properties.
our management approach at uni-asia, we monitor our energy management and emissions closely by primarily remaining abreast and complying with environmental laws and regulations internationally, regionally and across the specific waters we operate in.
with 18 bulkers in our management as at end of fy2022, we closely manage our vessels through the measurement of fuel usage, mileage, and careful selection of vessel users.
as we aim to enhance our environmental management of our shipping operations, we have taken active steps to manage our ships.
these include safeguarding business relationships with leading companies promoting eco-friendliness in dry bulk such as cargill, and upholding esg considerations such as vessel retrofitting and emphasising on clean energy capability when purchasing newbuilding vessels.
within our current fleet of vessels, we have identified less energy sustainability report fy2022 energy efficiency initiatives uni-asia aims to limit the inefficient use of energy by retiring inefficient ships and holding monthly department meetings to update employees.
internally, the company promotes energy savings through posters and notices reminding employees to switch off lights and air conditioning.
in fy2022, human detecting sensors were installed in restrooms and pantries to automatically switch off lights when areas are unoccupied.
uni-asia closely monitors energy performance, identifies sources of wastage, and implements rectification measures to optimize usage.
in fy2022, the company continued to execute established energy management initiatives and implement new ones to strengthen its approach.
our initiatives: prevention of air pollution air pollution from fuel combustion can significantly impact public health and air quality.
uni-asia ensures compliance with local and international regulations on fuel use to limit air pollution from its ships.
since january 1, 2020, uni-asia has been in stringent compliance with the imo's sulphur limit of 0.10% in emission control areas ecas , and adheres to stricter regional legislations introduced by the imo.
the maritime services team oversees the group's compliance through various methods.
sustainability initiatives we have transitioned to solely using low sulphur fuel oil lsfo of 0.50% across all our ships and fleet and 0.1% low sulphur marine gas oil lsmgo in emission control areas ecas . this reduces emissions of co, hc, nox, and sox, helping prevent negative environmental impacts like acid rain.
in addition to adhering to imo regulations, we've integrated the baltic and international maritime council's bimco two sulphur clauses into all our time charter parties.
this ensures all our bulker fleets use fuel with a maximum sulphur content of 0.50%, maintaining compliance with international regulations.
emissions reporting our emission reporting aligns with european union eu monitoring, reporting, and verification mrv regulations.
we've enhanced our reporting to comply with these regulations effective january 1, 2018 for ships over 5,000 gross tonnes gt . this involves submitting annual monitoring plans for each ship to an eu-accredited verifier.
the plan includes co2 emissions, fuel consumption, distance traveled, time at sea, and cargo carried per voyage.
upon satisfactory verification, a certificate of compliance coc is issued, and the verified emissions report is submitted to the commission.
uni-asia consistently complies with and submits reports for all ships in its fleet.
we plan to further improve our understanding of fuel consumption and co2 emissions.
certifications obtained as a testament to our dedication to reducing our environmental impact and managing our energy usage, we continue to be certified against the following: international air pollution prevention “iapp” international oil pollution prevention “iopp” international engine efficiency “iee” international sewage pollution prevention “ispp” international anti-fouling “iaf” system nitrogen oxide compliance our performance and looking forward in 2022, our fleet comprising 18 handysize and supramax bulker carriers operated over a span of 2,726.31 days.
we saw a decrease of 5% in our lsfo consumption and an increase of 24% in our lsmgo consumption.
from 1 january 2023, it is mandatory for all ships to calculate their attained energy efficiency existing ship index “eexi” to measure their energy efficiency and initiate the collection of data for the reporting of their annual operational carbon intensity indicator “cii” and cii rating.
all of uni-asia's vessels have attained the eexi and submitted the technical file and onboard management manual “omm” for approval, including a ship operational carbon intensity plan in accordance with the regulation.
we have further ventured to begin reporting to the cii by commencing the collection of data from 1 january 2023 onwards.
the group will begin collecting data on weather routing, slow streaming and implementing just-in-time “jit” in conjunction with the charterers, six-monthly propeller cleaning and hull inspections as convenient and ancillary systems including lighting, ventilation systems, gallery ranges, steam supplies.
additionally, to take steps to enhance our reporting on the cii, our ship energy efficiency management plan “seemp” iii has been approved.
the seemp iii is a ship-specific document that lays out our strategic improvement plan to reach our cii and therefore enhance the vessel's operational energy efficiency.
energy consumption in fy2022 in our property investment in-japan business segment, we saw a 39.8% increase in energy consumption to 1.51 million mega joules, compared to fy2021.
this is largely due to the conversion of our obi hostel to a gym facility that became more active as the covid-19 pandemic eased.
therefore, there was an increased consumption of energy with increased usage of the gym facilities.
in fy2022, we expanded our reporting scope to include energy consumption across our corporate offices in singapore and hong kong.
with the expansion of scope and energy consumption increase in our property investment in-japan, our overall energy consumption for fy2022 has seen an increase from the previous years.
total fuel consumption mt'000 a bar chart showing total fuel consumption broken down by fuel type lsfo, lsmgo, hsfo, mdo for fy2020, fy2021, and fy2022.
table: total fuel consumption mt fuel type: lsfo i , fy2020: 58,383.60, fy2021: 61,276.81, fy2022: 58,073.73 fuel type: lsmgo ii , fy2020: 4,821.27, fy2021: 6,252.04, fy2022: 7,764.52 fuel type: hsfo iii , fy2020: –, fy2021: –, fy2022: 3,070.00 fuel type: mdo iv , fy2020: –, fy2021: –, fy2022: 462.00 table end.
i lsfo: low sulfur fuel oil ii lsmgo: low sulfur marine gas oil iii hsfo: high sulfur fuel oil iv mdo: marine diesel oil ¹ fuel consumption includes charterer's consumption sgx & gri 305-1 to 305-3: greenhouse gas absolute emissions scope 1 does not include refrigerants sgx & gri 305-4: greenhouse gas emissions intensities greenhouse gas intensity ratios : scope 1 intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/$united states dollar'000 revenue , fy2020: 0.02, fy2021: 0.01, fy2022: 0.03 : scope 2 intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/$united states dollar'000 revenue , fy2020: 0.002, fy2021: 0.002, fy2022: 0.001 : total emissions intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/$united states dollar'000 revenue , fy2020: 0.02, fy2021: 0.01, fy2022: 0.03 : change from baseline year 2020 , fy2020: na, fy2021: 39 %, fy2022: 54% table end.
gri 302-1: energy consumption within the organisation table: energy consumption by category category: fuel consumption megajoules , property investment in-japan: 1,099,260, shipping: 2,586,172, total: 3,685,432 category: purpose of fuel usage , property investment in-japan: food service/hot water supply at obi hostel & fitness, shipping: fuel consumption for vessel fleets, total: - category: electricity consumption megajoules , property investment in-japan: 406,173, shipping: 178,358, total: 584,531 table end.
all the fuel we use is non-renewable.
there is no heating, cooling or steam consumption in uni-asia.
gri 302-3: energy intensity table: energy consumption and intensity fy2020-fy2022 year: fy2020³, total energy consumption megajoules : 1,529,352, energy intensity megajoules/us$’000 revenue : 33.3, change from baseline year 2020 : na year: fy2021⁴, total energy consumption megajoules : 1,795,013, energy intensity megajoules/us$’000 revenue : 25.9, change from baseline year 2020 : 22 % year: fy2022², total energy consumption megajoules : 4,269,963, energy intensity megajoules/us$’000 revenue : 49.6, change from baseline year 2020 : 49% table end.
notes: ²energy intensity includes fuel, energy and electricity consumption from property investment in japan and shipping.
denominator used is fy2022 revenue: united states dollar86,136,000 ³to garner a more accurate reflection of our energy consumption, we have excluded our charterer’ fuel consumption which resulted in a revision of data.
denominator used is fy2020 revenue: united states dollar45,943,000.
⁴to garner a more accurate reflection of our energy consumption, we have excluded our charterer’ fuel consumption which resulted in a revision of data.
denominator used is fy2021 revenue: united states dollar69,435,000.
water management why this is material water is a globally scarce resource, but it is necessary for humans and eco-systems to thrive.
under the singapore green plan 2030, it aims to reduce water consumption.
uni-asia aims to consciously practice responsible water management and consumption.
the group implements water management measures and water conservation initiatives to spearhead resource stewardship.
our management approach as an asset manager of properties and ships, our business operations do not rely largely on water consumption.
we track water-related data that is material to our operations, primarily from our shipping business units that use surface water.
our water consumption and usage across our shipping operations mainly include purchased drinking water at ports for crew consumption.
other utilizations of seawater cleaning, washing, showering, ballast water operations are managed under our "biodiversity" chapter.
to reduce the amount of portable water, we have water generators onboard that desalinate seawater for daily crew consumption.
this helps.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 our performance and looking forward in fy2021, we started to report and measure our water consumption values across our shipping segment using 2020 as a baseline.
in fy2022, we also started to track our water consumption for our property investment in-japan business segment.
as operations began to pick up after the covid-19 pandemic, our consumption of water also increased, seeing a 64% increase in water consumption in our maritime services.
moving forward, we hope to achieve a year-on-year decrease in water consumption as we strive towards managing our environmental impacts and water consumption.
sgx & gri 305-5: water consumption table: water consumption cubic meters and intensity cubic meters/us$’000 category: shipping category: water consumption cubic meters , fy2020: 7,623, fy2021: 17,798, fy2022: 35,239 category: water intensity cubic meters/us$’000 , fy2020: 0.17, fy2021: 0.26, fy2022: 0.43 category: property investment in-japan category: water consumption cubic meters , fy2020: n.a., fy2021: n.a., fy2022: 2,208 table end.
notes: fresh water consumption.
denominator used for water intensity is annual revenue.
fy22: united states dollar86,136,000, fy21: united states dollar69,435,000, fy20: united states dollar45,943,000 gri 303-3: water withdrawal table: water withdrawal fy2022 water type: sea water, shipping mega volume in litres : 185,590, property investment in-japan mega volume in litres : – water type: produced water, shipping mega volume in litres : 6,188, property investment in-japan mega volume in litres : – water type: third-party water, shipping mega volume in litres : 1,078, property investment in-japan mega volume in litres : 2.21 water type: total , shipping mega volume in litres : 192,856 , property investment in-japan mega volume in litres : 2.21 table end.
gri 303-3: water discharge table: water discharge fy2022 water type: sea water, shipping mega volume in litres : 185,310 water type: produced water, shipping mega volume in litres : 355 water type: third-party water, shipping mega volume in litres : 4,361 water type: total , shipping mega volume in litres : 190,026 table end.
waste management why it is material waste is a pressing concern to uni-asia as we strive to minimise our known negative environmental impacts.
if waste is left unaddressed, it could have detrimental impacts on our ecosystems and possible result in irreparable environmental damage.
as such, having proper waste management and disposal procedures is crucial.
an accidental discharge of waste from a ship can damage ocean habitat, contaminate food chains or harm marine life.
in fy2022, through the refresh materiality assessment, we have determined waste management as an issue that is material to uni-asia.
in line with the gri 2021 materiality assessment, we identified the impacts of the waste of our business activities were material and does impact the environment, society and economy.
uni-asia remains cognisant of its waste footprint and will continue to enhance our initiatives, measures, and policies to minimise our impacts on the environment.
as such, moving forward we will begin to keep track of our waste and the impacts it has due to our business activities.
our management approach our commitment to limit our waste footprint largely revolves around the prevention of spills of oil and chemicals into the natural environment from our vessel operations.
our environmental management system "ems" team regularly holds meetings and checks to discuss the progress of our initiatives and policies.
we also hold regular environmental audit inspections for results and deficiencies.
as an asset manager and property investor, we handle a large portion of paper documents.
as we aim to minimize our paper waste, we strive to reduce paper usage and materials by developing and making use of digital resources in our businesses.
in fy2022, we are gradually progressing towards a digital transformation while working with our business partners and internal resources for a smooth transition.
our initiatives prevention of operational pollution in efforts to prevent operational pollution in our shipping operations, we ensure strict adherence to all relevant international guidelines and regulations.
this includes the imo's international convention for the prevention of pollution from ships “marpol” , which covers the prevention of marine pollution resulting from accidental or operational processes by ships.
our maritime services team ensures our operations are in strict adherence with marpol's detailed regulations for the prevention and reduction of marine pollution.
as such, we integrate numerous measures into our operations that include the installation and maintenance of oily water separating equipment and filtering systems, sewage treatment and discharge, garbage disposal, and various operational matters that focus on minimizing our impact on the environment.
the group continues to attain the international oil pollution prevention, international sewage pollution prevention, and international anti-fouling system certificates in our fleet of vessels, which highlights our commitment towards managing our environmental waste and damage of our vessel operations.
we also conduct refresher training programs on waste management and the marpol regulations for our employees on shore and on board.
these training programs will help to...
managing hazardous waste onboard in the management of hazardous waste, uni-asia strongly abides by the eu ship recycling regulation “srr” , the inventory of hazardous materials “ihm” , and the hong kong convention for the safe and environmentally sound recycling of ships.
in fy2022, valid ihm certifications and statements of compliance were secured from the classification society for all vessels.
an annual ihm survey is conducted and verified during audits.
a third-party vendor monitors the inventory of hazardous material, which is updated periodically.
all vessels comply with marpol guidelines for garbage and cargo hold cleaning.
the hong kong convention aims to ensure the safe and environmentally sound recycling of ships without unnecessary risk to human health and the environment.
uni-asia's participation ensures proper waste management throughout the lifecycle of its ships.
garbage management plan uni-asia manages waste production and resource use through supply chain circularity.
vendors are instructed to collect packaging materials after delivery for reuse.
uni-asia also encourages vendors to provide environmentally friendly packaging.
our performance and looking forward initiatives and measures are in place to manage waste and operational pollution.
future initiatives will include collecting data on paper use, printer cartridges, and waste landed ashore annually for incineration . key performance indicators kpis will be set for the ratio of sludge generated to bunker consumed.
gri 306-3 & 306-5: total non-hazardous waste generated and directed at disposal table: non-hazardous waste disposal operations disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : 2.55 disposal operations: incineration without energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : 69.70 disposal operations: landfilling, weight of waste metric tons : 190.34 disposal operations: others, weight of waste metric tons : 301.88 disposal operations: total , weight of waste metric tons : 564.47 table end.
\ all waste directed to disposal was sent to an offsite incineration facility without energy recovery.
gri 306-3 & 306-5: total hazardous waste generated and directed at disposal table: hazardous waste disposal operations disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : – disposal operations: incineration without energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : 122.03 disposal operations: landfilling, weight of waste metric tons : 57.26 disposal operations: others, weight of waste metric tons : 87.71 disposal operations: total , weight of waste metric tons : 267.00 table end.
\ all waste directed to disposal was sent to an offsite incineration facility without energy recovery.
biodiversity why it is material biodiversity is material to uni-asia as our business activities, in particular, our shipping operations have the potential to create detrimental impacts on biodiversity.
in this changing climate, safeguarding our natural ecosystems and biodiversity is crucial in long-term sustainability.
at every stage of operations for transport companies, including shipping, has a direct impact on biodiversity.
impacts on biodiversity include collisions, oil spills, discharge of hazardous waste, exhaust emissions and physical damage to habitats.
given these potential negative impacts of shipping operations, particularly on the marine biodiversity and ecosystem, it is a key concern for uni-asia to efficiently manage these impacts.
our management approach the group's vessels in operation are not oil tankers but rather bulk carriers.
in spite of that, we are cognisant of the hazards posed by an oil pollution on the marine ecosystem in the event of fuel leakage arising from collision or grounding incident of our vessels.
the maritime services team is in-charge of managing uni-asia's oil spill and marine pollution prevention from our vessels and ensures that uni-asia aligns with stringent oil spills legislations.
our maritime services team regularly holds meetings to report on the performance of our vessels in this regard and to ensure the group has implemented the necessary policies and measures to limit negative environmental impacts and compliance with pertinent environmental laws and regulations internationally and in our regional operational waters.
our initiatives ballast water treatment system “bwts” and management in alignment with the imo's international convention for the control and management of ship's ballast water and sediments, we have taken steps to ensure the use of ballast water in uni-asia's vessels are adequately managed.
as such, in fy2022, we have reached our targets of retrofitting all of our vessels with bwts.
having the bwts in place is crucial for uni-asia as we are conscious of the negative environmental impacts that result from the use of ballast water.
ballast water is necessary to ensure safe operations as it helps to ensure the stabilisation of the vessels at sea.
water that is stored in ballast tanks of vessels helps to provide stability, manoeuvrability, and improved propulsion during voyage.
however, although ballast water is essential for safe and efficient modern shipping operations, it poses negative ecological, economic and health problems due to the multitude of marine species carried in ships' ballast water.
these include marine species, bacteria, microbes, small invertebrates, eggs, cysts, and larvae of various species in the ocean.
the transferred species may be introduced in an environment where it may become invasive to the existing habitat, out-competing native specifies and multiplying into pest proportions.
therefore, we have taken active steps to mitigate the negative impacts on the environment of our ballast water usage.
ballast water management and anti-biofouling practices fy2022 in fy2022, 82% of our vessels achieved us coast guard “uscg” approved bwts retrofitting, and this year we completed the retrofitting of all vessels with bwts.
the crew of ships managed by our subsidiary, wealth ocean ship management shanghai co., ltd “wosms” , are trained to perform ballast water management procedures in accordance with imo regulations and regional rules such as uscg regulations . training includes online and on-the-job training, encompassing ballast water management plan familiarization upon joining and during shore-based training.
table: bwts installation and vessel target 2015-2022 year: 2015, bwts installation per year: 5, total bwts installed: 5, total vessels: 11, target %: 45% year: 2016, bwts installation per year: 2, total bwts installed: 7, total vessels: 13, target %: 54% year: 2017, bwts installation per year: -, total bwts installed: 7, total vessels: 13, target %: 54% year: 2018, bwts installation per year: 4, total bwts installed: 11, total vessels: 16, target %: 69% year: 2019, bwts installation per year: 1, total bwts installed: 12, total vessels: 16, target %: 75% year: 2020, bwts installation per year: 1, total bwts installed: 13, total vessels: 17, target %: 76% year: 2021, bwts installation per year: 1, total bwts installed: 14, total vessels: 17, target %: 82% year: 2022, bwts installation per year: 3, total bwts installed: 17, total vessels: 17, target %: 100% table end.
ballast water exchange amount cubic meters fiscal year: fy2020, amount cubic meters : 494,285 fiscal year: fy2021, amount cubic meters : 385,452 fiscal year: fy2022, amount cubic meters : 473,770 table end.
anti-biofouling management another measure to minimize our shipping operations' impact on biodiversity is anti-biofouling management.
anti-fouling paints coat the bottom of vessels to prevent sealife algae and mollusks from attaching to the hull.
this prevents unwanted attachments.
prevention of oil spill pollution oil spills leave a detrimental impact on the marine biodiversity and ecosystem.
hence, uni-asia spares no effort in ensuring and implementing policies and measures to prevent or mitigate any potential collisions or incidents that may cause an oil spill.
in the prevention of oil spill pollution, we have implemented numerous initiatives ensuring our operations do not cause harmful impacts on the marine ecosystem.
these include collision avoidance through training onboard deck officers on safe navigation aligned with the convention on the international regulations for preventing collisions at sea 1972 “colregs” . this training includes topics such as: proper look-out during voyage operation vessels at safe speeds obeying traffic scheme taking actions to avoid collision by 'giving way' remaining particularly watchful when operating vessels with lessened visibility we have further included shore-based training and computer-based training onboard on environmental best practices.
revalidation courses on colreg, ship handling and bridge resource management are undertaken every three years.
onboard deck officers and crew are also provided with education and instructions for onboard familiarisation to ensure they are well-equipped to handle any incidents.
additionally, we hold annual drills onboard for the onboard crew and ship manager to respond to potential oil spills and environmental hazards where they would have to notify underwriters, protection and indemnity "p&i" insurance club and after which undergo salvage services.
our oil pollution drills are conducted more frequently, every two months on board vessels and in various scenarios to ensure deck officers and the crew are kept updated and well informed of the procedures necessary in case of an oil spill.
there is also an environmental ems checklist to verify the status of overflow alarms, seals, and purifiers.
we further equip our vessels with mandatory liability insurance certificates, in accordance with the international bunker convention and us opa 90. our deck officers are also trained on the use of electronic chart display and information system "ecdis" that helps the crew to pinpoint locations and attain directions.
ecdis eases the uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 navigator's workload and safety measures the company utilizes ecdis electronic chart display and information system to reduce the navigator's workload through automatic features such as route planning, route monitoring, automatic eta estimated time of arrival computation, and electronic nautical charts enc updates.
this ensures safe navigation and helps prevent potential collisions resulting in oil spills.
ship oil pollution emergency plan sopep uni-asia's vessels are equipped with a sopep, providing guidance to officers on board regarding steps to take during oil pollution incidents.
the sopep is reviewed annually by the maritime services team and internal audit to ensure its relevance and up-to-dateness.
performance and future goals fy2022 in fy2022, there were no incidents of oil spills on uni-asia's vessels.
the company aims to enhance and strengthen its measures, initiatives, and actions to prevent further damage to the marine ecosystem.
environmental compliance: why it matters compliance with international, regional, and national legislation and regulations forms the foundation of uni-asia's business operations.
strict adherence to these regulations helps manage the environmental, societal, and economic impacts of shipping and property investments.
this approach builds trust among stakeholders, creates a credible brand reputation, and improves cost efficiency.
it allows the company to aim for better performance on esg environmental, social, and governance fronts.
our management approach uni-asia is committed to full compliance with its current ems environmental management system framework.
this includes adherence to regulations such as the imo international maritime organization preliminary strategy for greenhouse gas reduction of ships and the international convention on the control and management of ships' ballast water and sediments.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 management of ships' ballast water and sediments, marpol anti-pollution convention, and municipal ordinances management of ships' ballast water and sediments, marpol anti-pollution convention as well as environment-related municipal ordinances, and other municipal ordinances related to global warming.
our performance and looking forward in fy2022, there were no incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations.
moving forward, we continue to implement measures and the necessary precautions to ensure we maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulators.
social performance occupational health and safety "ohs" why it is material as a ship vessel owner and property investment company, uni-asia is committed to maintaining occupational health and safety standards.
given the hazards and risks both on-board and onshore crew may be exposed to, such as safety risks, occupational health and safety is a key material topic for any shipping company.
operating in these industries that exposes our employees to numerous health and safety risks, we secure the wellbeing of our employees and ensure safe working conditions by identifying, managing, and mitigating health and safety hazards.
in doing so, we are able to translate uni-asia's business and sustainability ambitions into economic success and positive impacts, through the limiting of occupational risks detriment to our workforce.
our management approach uni-asia manages occupational health and safety through the implementation of a wide variety of guides, training, processes, programs, and benefits that helps to inculcate a safe working environment for our employees.
these entail group-wide initiatives and policies, plans and programmes in our different regions and countries of operation.
our initiatives health and safety of our vessel crew as a means to minimize the health and safety hazards for our shipping crew, we have adhered to international standards and taken on measures which include providing insurance by the international transport workers' federation “itf” for the welfare, health, and safety of our crew.
we also utilize the international group p&i club to provide 24/7 medical support to employees working at sea.
our vessels additionally leverage top classification societies such as classnk, lr and rina on vessel maintenance to help safeguard life and property at sea.
another safety hazard at sea is the risk of piracy and navigation incidents.
as such, we frequently engage with the owners of our insurance company “p&i club” to perform risk assessment and evaluations to put in place the necessary precautions for our crew onboard.
to enforce and oversee the health and safety measures amongst our crew, we have assigned a crew member as a health & safety “h&s” officer onboard.
the h&s officer is responsible for ensuring safety measures follow the standard ship safety procedures.
this would include the monthly engine and fire safety drills onboard our ships which help to strengthen the readiness and safety of our crew members in time of hazard.
the drills are then evaluated to understand the performance of the crew members and understand what could have been done better.
promoting wellbeing amongst our staff at our offices, to ensure our employees and staff have a conducive and comfortable working environment, we have replaced our office chairs that were in poor conditions and provided laptop stands for our employees.
our staff were able to choose the laptop model stand that best fits them.
these laptop stands allow for height adjustments which can help improve body posture.
since the covid-19 pandemic, we have implemented “flexi time working hour” in our hong kong and singapore offices, allowing staff to work from home or report to office at a different starting time.
in fy2022, we continued with a flexible working arrangement as it was encouraged by the government to allow workers to work from home to reduce the flow of people and social contact in the community.
this further helps to slow down the spread of viruses and allow for greater flexibility for our staff.
our performance and looking forward in fy2022, our maritime services recorded one fatality and two injuries.
the fatality and injuries were incurred by the ship crew and were controlled by the third-party charterer, not uni-asia.
uni-asia prioritizes ohs and implemented additional training and ohs measures to mitigate further risks and hazards.
our property investment business units recorded zero work-related injuries and fatalities, and zero fatalities due to work-related ill-health.
moving forward, we aim for zero fatalities and injuries.
diversity and inclusion why it is material a diverse and inclusive workplace is crucial for fostering diversity, equal opportunity, and inclusion.
this provides a competitive advantage nationally and internationally.
promoting equal opportunity through training and career progression programs helps bolster employee abilities and attract and retain talent.
uni-asia aims to provide equal opportunities to all employees by supporting career progression and eliminating hiring bias.
our management approach to develop employee skills, the human resources department "hr" organizes relevant training and disseminates information.
employees participate based on their interests and skills.
management decides on training based on staff feedback and industry needs.
all training costs are borne by uni-asia.
for example, excel and presentation skills training was offered, with 29 employees attending excel training and 28 attending presentation skills training.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 employee training and development in our singapore office, uni-asia's respective department heads frequently review training programs.
these programs are approved by our executive chairman.
in accordance with our group policy, uni-asia obtains employee feedback and suggestions for our training programs, as well as personal career growth evaluations to ensure they remain relevant and up-to-date.
we leverage various methods to obtain employee feedback, including using our personnel evaluation systems, conducting annual interviews, evaluating employee performance, and setting future career goals.
staff and their direct supervisors also have three sessions of bi-annual interviews one interim interview and two annual interviews . we also conduct quarterly ceo remarks for the group's business updates to keep all employees abreast of business development and strategy.
managing directors and department heads are responsible for proposing annual salary reviews, promotions, and bonus payments.
our initiatives: training a cornerstone of ensuring equal opportunity is through our training programs.
we continuously invest in career progression and training programs to upskill our employees and enable them to reach their full potential.
for our shipping segment, in 2022, our staff participated in more than 19 different seminars and webinars organized by leading ship operators, shipping consultants, reputable law firms, and an international bank.
this provided an overarching overview of the latest developments in the shipping industry.
shipping consultants and operators such as marsoft and drewry shared the latest market views and data.
the law firms, nishimura & asahi and mayer brown, provided information on shipping law developments.
mizuho bank hong kong updated us on the latest foreign exchange market.
furthermore, to enhance shipping knowledge, we completed a three-day online dry cargo chartering course organized by the institute of sea transport and sponsored by the hong kong government.
with the easing of pandemic restrictions, we were able to continue in-person networking sessions and seminars, including those organized by marine money and marsoft to upgrade professional effectiveness.
sustainability report fy2022 employee training and development in our property investment in-japan business segment, we also conducted safety trainings twice for two of our new employees.
targeted at identifying new training and development needs of our employees, we have tasked the supervisors of our employees to gather training feedback from every one of our staff through our annual interview session.
we actively involve our staff in webinars conducted over the duration of the pandemic, and they are now better equipped with knowledge on covid-19 prevention and subsequent response procedures.
in these training programs, port state control detention cases and their affiliated risk factors from other ship owners are brought to our staff's attention for crew education and guidance.
diversity and inclusion incorporated in the uni-asia group policy and procedure manual is the group's board diversity policy that sets out the approach towards diversity on our board.
understanding the benefits of a board with wide diversity, this policy ensures uni-asia has a board that is characterized by a broad range of views arising from different professional experiences, skills, knowledge, gender, nationality, cultural and educational backgrounds when discussing business.
the group's board diversity policy incorporates measurable objectives relating to skills and experience, nationality and ethnicity having regard to the diversified portfolio of the group's businesses and gender which requires female representation . in addition to having board members with professional accounting background, professional legal background, the company also targets to have board members who have working knowledge with one of the countries in which the group operates either by way of their nationality or industry experience as well as female member.
overseeing this policy is our nominating committee who reviews the board diversity policy as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.
the nominating committee will discuss any revisions that may be required and recommend any such revisions to the board for consideration and approval.
our performance and moving forward this year, we allocated more resources to increase the average training hours of training per employee across all our operations and business units.
we also began to track the training hours of training per employee of our shipping business units.
the increase in resources allocated allowed us to include additional training programmes that helped to enhance and strengthen our employees’ skillsets and abilities to better serve our stakeholders and clients such as the two training programmes for excel and presentation skills organised by the hr.
group training budget in usthousands of singapore dollars table: group training budget year: fy2021, budget usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 year: fy2022, budget usthousands of singapore dollars : 34, increase % : 79% table end.
the group training budget has increased from fy2021 at united states dollar19k to united states dollar34k in fy2022, which is a 78.9% increase.
our training budget in hong kong has also increased from united states dollar5k to united states dollar10k, which is a 100% increase.
likewise in singapore, our training budget increased from united states dollar8k to united states dollar18k.
looking forward, we aim to continue to enhance our training and upskilling programmes.
we aim to increase our average number of training hours of training per employee per employee.
in addition, uni-asia also aims to cultivate an equitable and inclusive workforce, giving equal opportunity to all our employees regardless of gender, race, or age.
similar to the board diversity policy, the group targets to recruit dedicated employees who have working knowledge with one of the countries in which the group operates either by way of their nationality or industry experience as well as female member, who share the group’s corporate philosophy and corporate principles.
sgx and gri 401-1: new employee hires and employee turnover total number of employees at the end of reporting period: 68 including one part-time staff gri 2-7: employees table: employee demographics age group: <30yrs, male % : 50%, female % : 50%, total absolute number : 6 age group: 30-50yrs, male % : 43%, female % : 57%, total absolute number : 35 age group: 50yrs, male % : 56%, female % : 44%, total absolute number : 27 table end.
table: employment type employment type: full-time, male % : 48%, female % : 52%, total absolute number : 67 employment type: part-time, male % : 100%, female % : 0%, total absolute number : 1 table end.
table: employee distribution by region region: japan, full-time: 19, part-time: 1 region: hong kong, full-time: 25, part-time: - region: shanghai, full-time: 13, part-time: - region: singapore, full-time: 9, part-time: - region: guangzhou, full-time: 1, part-time: - table end.
notes : the tables represent employee demographics, employment type, and regional distribution.
the chart shows the distribution of employees by age and gender.
indicates that one part-time staff is included in the total employee count.
gri 401-1: number of new employee hires new hire bar chart showing the percentage of new hires by age group and gender age group: <30yrs, male % : 100%, female % : -%, total absolute number : 1 age group: 30-50yrs, male % : 60%, female % : 40%, total absolute number : 5 age group: 50yrs, male % : 100%, female % : -%, total absolute number : 1 age group: total , male % : 71%, female % : 29%, total absolute number : 7 table end.
gri 401-1: number of new employee hires by business entities business entity: japan, total: 4 business entity: shanghai, total: 1 business entity: hong kong, total: 2 business entity: sg, total: - business entity: guangzhou, total: - table end.
gri 401-1: number of employee turnover by age group turnover bar chart showing the percentage of employee turnover by age group and gender age group: 30-50yrs, male % : 56%, female % : 44%, total absolute number : 9 age group: 50yrs, male % : 100%, female % : -%, total absolute number : 1 age group: total , male % : 60%, female % : 40%, total absolute number : 10 table end.
gri 401-1: number of employee turnover by business entity business entity: japan, total: 3 business entity: shanghai, total: 2 business entity: hong kong, total: 5 business entity: sg, total: - business entity: guangzhou, total: - table end.
gri 2-8: workers who are not employees category: total number , description: 1 category: most common type of worker , description: dispatched worker category: contractual relationship with organisation , description: contract is made with a company that dispatches the worker category: type of work performed , description: administration table end.
table: average training hours per employee table: average hours of training per employee category fy21: \multicolumn 2 c, fy22: maritime asset management , fy21: \multicolumn 2 c, fy22: ship owning and chartering , fy21: \multicolumn 2 c, fy22: maritime services , fy21: \multicolumn 2 c, fy22: property investment in-japan , fy21: \multicolumn 2 c, fy22: property investment ex-japan , fy21: \multicolumn 2 c, fy22: sg office category: , fy21: , fy22: , fy21: , fy22: , fy21: , fy22: , fy21: , fy22: , fy21: , fy22: , fy21: , fy22: category: management - men , fy21: 3.33, fy22: 26.00, fy21: 13.00, fy22: 0.00, fy21: 14.50, fy22: 14.50, fy21: 4.25, fy22: 6.56, fy21: 4.25, fy22: 18.58, fy21: 12.00, fy22: 25.50 category: management - women , fy21: n/a , fy22: 14.50, fy21: n/a , fy22: 15.00, fy21: n/a , fy22: n/a , fy21: 4.00, fy22: 5.44, fy21: 1.50, fy22: n/a , fy21: 14.50, fy22: 50.00 category: non-management - men , fy21: 8.50, fy22: 30.33, fy21: 6.00, fy22: 27.50, fy21: 44.33, fy22: 12.50, fy21: 3.99, fy22: 3.17, fy21: 1.50, fy22: n/a , fy21: n/a , fy22: n/a category: non-management - women , fy21: 1.67, fy22: 15.67, fy21: 5.33, fy22: 27.50, fy21: 55.90, fy22: 34.50, fy21: 3.89, fy22: 5.67, fy21: 2.38, fy22: 18.60, fy21: 7.40, fy22: 16.10 table end.
n/a: there are no current headcount for the employee category.
management refers to general manager gm and above.
percentage increase in training hours from fy2021 table: training hours increase by entity entity: maritime asset management, men: 383%, women: 823%, total: 405% entity: ship owning and chartering, men: 137%, women: 338%, total: 210% entity: maritime services, men: 63 %, women: 38 %, total: 49 % entity: property investment in japan, men: 31%, women: 27%, total: 25% entity: property investment ex-japan, men: 458%, women: 745%, total: 608% entity: sg office, men: 113%, women: 134%, total: 129% table end.
local communities why it is material uni-asia comprehends the importance of giving back to the community, enforcing corporate citizenry and being a socially responsible organisation.
whilst focusing on our main business activities, we hope to leave a positive impact on our local communities through our philanthropic means.
our management approach uni-asia has continued our efforts to care for the communities in the locations of our operations.
our sustainability working committee also regularly seeks our other business opportunities and corporate social responsibility “csr” initiatives for us to create a positive impact on the society.
our initiatives and looking forward in 2019, we engaged in a private finance initiative “pfi” project with wako city, saitama prefecture, with the aim to build a public use facility that includes a children’s centre, a healthcare facility, a public swimming pool and a spa.
in december 2021, the facility officially opened where the uacj-led consortium will operate the facility for 20 years.
at the end of the 20-year operating contract, wako city will purchase the facility back from the consortium.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 the wako city project the wako city project demonstrates the group's commitment to good corporate citizenship and sustainable business practices, and our belief in creating shared value and improving the impact of its businesses on society.
investment fund for group homes fy2021 in fy2021, uacj established an investment fund to invest in group homes for persons with disabilities pwd . these group homes provide daytime support.
the fund has a 5-year lifespan.
under this fund, five group homes will be developed in japan and leased to a professional operator.
as of this report, three of the five group homes are complete, with the remaining two scheduled for completion in may and july 2023. looking forward, as the impact of the covid-19 pandemic lessens, we will seek more investment and csr opportunities to positively impact our local communities.
governance performance: ethics and anti-corruption why it is material the trust of our stakeholders and shareholders is paramount to uni-asia.
we prioritize good corporate governance through ethical business practices and anti-corruption policies.
we comply with all relevant legislation and policies, ensuring full transparency and accountability.
this maintains our reputation as a transparent and dependable business.
our management approach uni-asia has zero tolerance for financial crimes, particularly corruption and bribery.
we enforce this through our anti-corruption policies and code of conduct, consistently executed within our organization and with our business partners globally.
code of business conduct the uni-asia group code of business conduct "code" documents policies, procedures, proper segregation of duties, approval procedures and authorities as well as checks and balances built into the business process.
the code defines how our employees should conduct themselves as representatives of the group.
it stipulates the anti-corruption and bribery policies and measures that uni-asia has, as well as the procedures the group has for conflicts of interest.
our code is also part of our enterprise risk management “erm” framework which governs the risk management process of the group.
the risk management process in place covers our financial, operational and compliance risks faced by the group.
through this framework, risk capabilities and competencies would be continuously enhanced.
whistle-blowing policy to maintain a high standard of corporate governance and transparency, our whistleblowing policy provides a system for our employees to raise pertinent issues regarding possible misconduct, breaches in compliance, inappropriate behaviour, or unethical practices, whilst affording them protection against reprisal.
our whistle-blowing policy endeavours to address matters that may be of grave concern to our businesses which includes incorrect financial reporting, unlawful acts or acts that are not in-line with the group's policy or others that may lead to unethical conduct.
in the event of a possible allegation, appropriate follow-up actions and in-depth investigations will be carried out.
factors that will be taken into consideration during the investigation include: the seriousness of the issues raises the credibility of the concern the likelihood of confirming the allegation from alternative credible sources the supporting evidence received.
our audit committee manages our whistle-blowing policy and is responsible for the oversight and monitoring of the policy.
it will also conduct an initial assessment on the matters reported through the whistle-blowing channel to determine the course of actions be taken.
if an in-depth sustainability report fy2022 investigation process the audit committee will establish and designate an independent function to investigate reported matters.
this function may include management, internal audit, or a committee/panel established by the audit committee.
the board of directors will receive a report on the matters reported, including findings of the investigation and recommendations for follow-up actions.
matters raised may: be referred to the relevant authorities.
be referred to the external audit.
form the subject of an independent inquiry or disciplinary process.
group policy and procedure manual uni-asia's group policy and procedure manual "group policy" governs the group's activities and operations.
the group chief financial officer cfo is responsible for its implementation and management.
this policy and manual apply to uni-asia and all subsidiaries.
all uni-asia employees and new hires receive training on the code of conduct, anti-corruption, and bribery.
anti-social forces check the group policy includes an anti-social forces check to minimize the risk of involvement in transactions such as money laundering or terrorism financing.
this policy applies to all clients except: government entities financial institutions supervised by an established jurisdiction's central bank investment vehicles managed by financial institutions supervised by an established jurisdiction's central bank special purpose companies spcs where the group acts as an asset manager.
to comply with japan's law on prevention of organized crime, an anti-social forces checklist is prepared for japanese clients before transactions with new clients or in the following fiscal year after the previous checklist was completed for existing clients.
for non-japanese clients, the checklist should be prepared before the start of a transaction.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 our performance and looking forward uni-asia's commitment toward transparency and ethical business practices has awarded us the sias investors' choice award of most transparent company award 2022 financials category . in fy2022, there were zero reported cases of corruption and non-compliance with ethics and anti-corruption policies and regulations.
in fy2022, uni-asia determined zero critical concerns.
in fy2022, there were zero reported incidents of corruption.
as such, there were no contracts with business partners that were terminated or not renewed.
looking forward, we aim to maintain our achievement of zero cases of non-compliance to relevant laws and regulations as well as zero cases of corruption and bribery.
additionally, we aim to include anti-corruption training in fy2023.
sgx & gbl 205-1: operations assessed for risks related to corruption table: operations assessed for risks related to corruption fy2022 category: total number of operations, shipping: 3, property investment japan : 1, property investment ex-japan : 1 category: total operations assessed for risk relating to corruption, shipping: –, property investment japan : –, property investment ex-japan : – category: percentage of operations assessed for risk relating to corruption, shipping: –, property investment japan : –, property investment ex-japan : – category: significant risks related to corruption identified through the risk assessment, shipping: –, property investment japan : –, property investment ex-japan : – table end.
sgx & gri 205-2: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures governance body members that the organisation's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to table: governance body communication of anti-corruption policies category: total number of employees , executive directors: 4, key management : 9, entry level: -, other: - category: total number of employees communicated to , executive directors: 4, key management : 9, entry level: -, other: - category: percentage communicated to , executive directors: 100%, key management : 100%, entry level: -, other: - table end.
key management per ar2022 pages 41 to 43. communication of anti-corruption policies and procedures to business partners table: business partner communication of anti-corruption policies category: total number of business partners , group-level: - category: total number of business partners communicated to , group-level: - category: total percentage of business partners communicated to , group-level: - table end.
responsible procurement why it is material through our shipping and property investment operations and purchasing decisions, we have an impact on social, environment and economic conditions in our industry and global supply chains.
addressing sustainability risks across our value chain strengthens our overall risk management.
therefore, we have started to take steps and employ measures to ensure that in our supply chain and procurement policies, there are sufficient safeguards put in place to minimise negative impacts on the environment, society, and economy.
our management approach given responsible procurement is a new material topic identified through our materiality assessment refresh in fy2022, we are developing an approach to mitigate risks and explore new opportunities in this area.
uni-asia currently has in place know-your-customer "kyc" and negative publicity checks on our charterers and business partners.
we plan to establish and enhance our responsible procurement policies and initiatives in supplier environmental and social assessment in the subsequent years.
sustainable investment why it is material as an asset manager, integrating esg and sustainability issues into our investment decisions is pertinent to creating long-term sustainable value.
additionally, decarbonising the maritime and real estate sectors would be pivotal to the net-zero transition.
in the recent years, we have seen the proliferation of sustainable finance and investment and as an asset manager, we recognise our ability in directing capital towards more sustainable fronts.
our management approach our investment approval process is an important component of the group's overall risk management system.
this process aims to be robust in managing downside risk when deploying the group's resources for investments while at the same time prompt in capitalising potential investment opportunities.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images besides the uni-asia group limited logo at the top right.
i have replaced this with a placeholder.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 climate-related financial disclosures tcfd this financial year, uni-asia commences its journey in aligning with the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” . using 2021 as the baseline year, we will assess the potential impacts, risks, and opportunities on uni-asia from the climate scenario analysis.
this will be featured in our standalone tcfd report slated for release when ready.
we will subsequently integrate the findings and results of the climate risk assessment and scenario analysis into our overall sustainability approach and investment strategies.
sustainable investment given sustainable investment is a new material topic identified through our materiality assessment refresh in fy2022, we are currently in the process of evaluating green financing related products and services and expect to disclose our relevant findings going forward.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images or footnotes.
appendix 1: gri content index gri content index gri standard: general disclosures gri standard: gri 2: general disclosures, disclosure: the organisation and its reporting practices, page number and/or url: 5 disclosure: organisational details, page number and/or url: 9 disclosure: entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting, page number and/or url: 9 disclosure: reporting period, frequency, and contact point, page number and/or url: 9 disclosure: restatements of information, page number and/or url: 9 disclosure: external assurance, page number and/or url: 9 gri standard: activities and workers gri standard: gri 2: general disclosures, disclosure: activities, value chain and other business relationships, page number and/or url: 5 disclosure: employees, page number and/or url: 7, 42 disclosure: workers who are not employees, page number and/or url: 42, 44 gri standard: governance gri standard: gri 2: general disclosures, disclosure: governance structure and composition, page number and/or url: 20 disclosure: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, page number and/or url: 17 disclosure: chair of the highest governance body, page number and/or url: 16 disclosure: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, page number and/or url: 16 disclosure: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, page number and/or url: 16 disclosure: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, page number and/or url: 16 disclosure: conflicts of interest, page number and/or url: 47 disclosure: communication of critical concerns, page number and/or url: 49 disclosure: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, page number and/or url: 16 disclosure: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, page number and/or url: 16 disclosure: remuneration policies, page number and/or url: 17 disclosure: process to determine remuneration, page number and/or url: 17 disclosure: annual total compensation ratio, page number and/or url: please refer to annual report 2022, pg 77 gri standard: strategy, policies, and practices gri standard: gri 2: general disclosures, disclosure: statement on sustainable development strategy, page number and/or url: 3, 4, 11 disclosure: policy commitments, page number and/or url: uni-asia does not currently have policy commitments but aim to do so in the near future disclosure: embedding policy commitments, page number and/or url: uni-asia does not currently have policy commitments but aim to do so in the near future disclosure: processes to remediate negative impacts, page number and/or url: 47, 48 table end.
gri content index table: gri content index gri standard: 2-26, disclosure: mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, page number and/or url: 47, 48 gri standard: 2-27, disclosure: compliance with laws and regulations, page number and/or url: 12, 35, 36 gri standard: 2-28, disclosure: membership associations, page number and/or url: 8 gri standard: 2-29, disclosure: approach to stakeholder engagement, page number and/or url: 12, 13 gri standard: 3-1, disclosure: process to determine material topics, page number and/or url: 14, 15 gri standard: 3-2, disclosure: list of material topics, page number and/or url: 15 gri standard: 3-3, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: see respective material topics gri standard: 3-3, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 21 gri standard: 302-1, disclosure: energy consumption within the organisation, page number and/or url: 26 gri standard: 302-2, disclosure: energy consumption outside of the organisation, page number and/or url: there is no energy consumption outside the organisation gri standard: 302-3, disclosure: energy intensity, page number and/or url: 26, 27 gri standard: 302-4, disclosure: reduction of energy consumption, page number and/or url: 26 gri standard: 302-5, disclosure: reductions in requirements of products and services, page number and/or url: 26 gri standard: 305-1, disclosure: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, page number and/or url: 26 gri standard: 305-2, disclosure: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, page number and/or url: 26 gri standard: 305-3, disclosure: other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, page number and/or url: not currently tracked by uni-asia gri standard: 305-4, disclosure: greenhouse gas emissions intensity, page number and/or url: 26 gri standard: 305-5, disclosure: reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, page number and/or url: not applicable to uni-asia gri standard: 305-6, disclosure: emissions of ozone-depleting substances ods , page number and/or url: not applicable to uni-asia gri standard: 305-7, disclosure: nitrogen oxides nox , sulphur oxides sox , and other significant air emissions, page number and/or url: not currently tracked by uni-asia gri standard: 3-3, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 27 gri standard: 303-1, disclosure: interactions with water as a shared resource, page number and/or url: 27 gri standard: 303-2, disclosure: management of water discharge-related impacts, page number and/or url: 27 gri standard: 303-3, disclosure: water withdrawal, page number and/or url: 28 gri standard: 303-4, disclosure: water discharge, page number and/or url: 28 gri standard: 303-5, disclosure: water consumption, page number and/or url: 28 gri standard: 3-3, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 28 gri standard: 306-1, disclosure: waste generation and significant waste-related impacts, page number and/or url: 29, 30 table end.
gri content index fy2022 table: gri content index gri standard: 306-2, disclosure: management of significant waste-related impacts, page number and/or url: 29, 30 gri standard: 306-3, disclosure: waste generated, page number and/or url: 31 gri standard: 306-4, disclosure: waste diverted from disposal, page number and/or url: 31 gri standard: 306-5, disclosure: waste directed to disposal, page number and/or url: 31 gri standard: occupational safety and health gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018 gri standard: 403-1, disclosure: occupational health and safety management system, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-2, disclosure: hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-3, disclosure: occupational health services, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-4, disclosure: worker participation, consultation and communication on occupational health and safety, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-5, disclosure: worker training on occupational health and safety, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-6, disclosure: promotion of worker health, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-7, disclosure: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships, page number and/or url: 37, 38 gri standard: 403-8, disclosure: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system, page number and/or url: 38 gri standard: 403-9, disclosure: work-related injuries, page number and/or url: 38 gri standard: 403-10, disclosure: work-related ill health, page number and/or url: 38 gri standard: diversity and equal opportunity gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 38, 39 gri standard: gri 401: employment 2016 gri standard: 401-1, disclosure: new employee hires and employee turnover, page number and/or url: 42, 43 gri standard: gri 404: training and education 2016 gri standard: 404-1, disclosure: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, page number and/or url: 44 gri standard: 404-2, disclosure: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, page number and/or url: 39, 40 gri standard: gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 gri standard: 405-1, disclosure: diversity of governance bodies and employees, page number and/or url: 20 gri standard: 405-2, disclosure: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, page number and/or url: 20 gri standard: gri 406: non-discrimination 2016 gri standard: 406-1, disclosure: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken, page number and/or url: 20 gri standard: local communities gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 45 gri standard: gri 413: local communities 2016 gri standard: 413-1, disclosure: operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs, page number and/or url: 45, 46 table end.
notes : uni-asia currently has no waste diverted from disposal but aims to identify recycling opportunities for the near future.
uni-asia does not report on remuneration due to confidential reasons.
zero incidents of discrimination.
all our full-time employees are covered by our occupational health and safety management system.
gri content index fy2022 table: gri standard disclosure and page numbers gri standard: 413-2, disclosure: operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities, page number and/or url: zero operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 46 gri standard: gri 205: anti-corruption 2016 , disclosure: operations assessed for risks related to corruption, page number and/or url: 49 disclosure: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, page number and/or url: 49, 50 disclosure: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, page number and/or url: 49 gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 51 table end.
appendix 2: sgx core metrics environmental table: environmental metrics and page numbers topic: greenhouse gas emissions greenhouse gas , metric: absolute emissions by: a total; b scope 1, scope 2; and c scope 3, if appropriate, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, page number: 26 metric: emission intensities by: a total; b scope 1, scope 2; and c scope 3, if appropriate, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/organisation specific metrics, page number: 26 topic: energy consumption, metric: total energy consumption, unit: mwhs or gigajoules, page number: 26 metric: energy consumption intensity, unit: mwhs or gigajoules/organisation specific metrics, page number: 26, 27 topic: water consumption, metric: total water consumption, unit: ml or cubic meters, page number: 28 metric: water consumption intensity, unit: ml or cubic meters/organisation specific metrics, page number: 28 topic: waste generation, metric: total waste generated, unit: tonnes, page number: 31 table end.
social table: social metrics and page numbers topic: gender diversity, metric: current employees by gender, unit: %, page number: 42, 43 metric: new hires and turnover by gender, unit: %, page number: 43, 44 topic: aged-based diversity, metric: current employees by age group, unit: %, page number: 42 metric: new hires and turnover by age group, unit: %, page number: 43 topic: employment, metric: total turnover, unit: absolute number and %, page number: 43 metric: total number of employees, unit: absolute number, page number: 7, 42 topic: development & training, metric: average training hours of training per employee per employee, unit: hours/no.
of employees, page number: 44 metric: average training hours of training per employee per employee by gender, unit: hours/no.
of employees, page number: 44 topic: occupational health & safety, metric: fatalities, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 metric: high-consequence injuries, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 metric: recordable injuries, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 metric: recordable work-related ill health cases, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 table end.
governance table: governance metrics and page numbers topic: board composition, metric: board independence, unit: %, page number: 20 metric: women on the board, unit: %, page number: 20 topic: management diversity, metric: women in the management team, unit: %, page number: 20 topic: ethical behaviour, metric: anti-corruption disclosures, unit: discussion and number of standards, page number: 46, 47, 48, 49, 50 metric: anti-corruption training for employees, unit: absolute number and %, page number: na topic: certifications, metric: list of relevant certifications, unit: list, page number: 24 topic: alignment with frameworks, metric: alignment with frameworks and disclosure practices, unit: gri/tcfd/sasb/sdgs/others, page number: 9 topic: assurance, metric: assurance of sustainability report, unit: internal/external/none, page number: 9 table end.