investing for growth annual report 2022 your trusted financial partner image depicts a vibrant nighttime view of the singapore skyline.
there is no tabular or chart data present in the provided image.
the image primarily contains the title page of an annual report.
the provided image is a solid red square.
there is no text, tables, charts, or images to extract.
therefore, no markdown content can be generated.
contents corporate information & market review corporate information: 2 uob-kay hian holdings: 3 our global presence: 4 our products and services: 5 group financial highlights: 8 uob-kay hian holdings limited share price: 9 chairman's statement: 10 economic review and outlook 2023: 12 corporate governance report: 16 sustainability report: 28 profile of directors & key management personnel: 37 financial statements directors' statement: 40 independent auditor's report: 43 statements of financial position: 46 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income: 48 statements of changes in equity: 50 consolidated statement of cash flows: 53 notes to financial statements: 54 analysis of shareholdings: 121 notice of annual general meeting: 122 proxy form: 122 corporate information board of directors wee ee chao: chairman and managing director leong kok mun, edmund: non-executive non-independent director tang wee loke: independent director kuah boon wee: independent director andrew suckling: independent director yeow david: independent director audit committee kuah boon wee: chairman tang wee loke yeow david leong kok mun, edmund nominating committee tang wee loke: chairman andrew suckling leong kok mun, edmund remuneration committee andrew suckling: chairman tang wee loke kuah boon wee company secretary siau kuei lian acs, acg shirley tan sey liy fcs, fcg company registration no.
200004464c registered office 8 anthony road, 01-01 singapore 229957 tel: 6535 6868 fax: 6532 6919 share registrar and share transfer office b.a.c.s. private limited 77 robinson road 06-03 robinson 77 singapore 068896 auditors deloitte & touche llp public accountants and chartered accountants 6 shenton way 33-00 oue downtown 2 singapore 068809 partner in charge – ho kok yong date of appointment – 24 april 2018 principal bankers dbs bank ltd oversea-chinese banking corporation limited standard chartered bank the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation limited united overseas bank limited uob-kay hian holdings uob-kay hian is a regional financial services group headquartered in singapore.
we are a widely-recognised brand in every country in which we have operations, a reputation built on our responsive and discreet service.
in singapore, we are the largest domestic broker based on the number of registered trading representatives employed.
in addition to our broking agency services in equities, bonds, cfds, dlcs, robo, lfx, structured products, unit trusts and commodities, we provide high value-added services in corporate advisory and fund raising, leveraging our wide network of corporate contacts and deep distribution capabilities to execute ipos, secondary placements and other corporate finance and investment banking activities.
our regional distribution footprint now spans regional financial centres in singapore, hong kong, thailand, malaysia, indonesia, london, new york and toronto.
in addition, we maintain a research office in shanghai and an execution presence in the philippines.
we are therefore at the heart of regional economic activities and are well-placed to tap into the deep market knowledge necessary to respond swiftly to our clients.
the group employs approximately 3,134 professional and support staff globally.
we have gained considerable scale and operational leverage from our synergistic acquisitions.
our defensive business model helps us better weather prevailing volatile trading conditions.
the demand from our institutional and accredited investor clients for incisive and timely equity research and ideas is made more urgent due to rapidly changing global conditions.
we therefore continue to invest heavily in our regional institutional sales and research resources, and in expanding our regional network.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
our global presence . the map displays the locations of uob kay hian's sales and research offices across the globe.
specific numbers for sales and research staff are indicated for each location.
table: uob kay hian global office locations location: london, sales: 4 location: toronto, sales: 3 location: new jersey, sales: 1 location: thailand, sales: 492, research: 10 location: malaysia, sales: 305, research: 16 location: shanghai, sales: 1, research: 4 location: hong kong, sales: 278, research: 10 location: philippines, sales: 2 location: singapore, sales: 715, research: 7 location: indonesia, sales: 136, research: 7 table end.
our products and services products equities centred on our sophisticated web and mobile platforms, as well as our full-service offline support, our wide range of tools and solutions allow our clients to trade with confidence in multiple products across major markets, including the sgx, bursa malaysia, hkex, hk-shanghai/shenzhen stock connect, set, lse, tsx, tsxv, nasdaq, nyse, nyse arca and amex.
our award-winning analysts are on hand to impart up-to-date research and insights that can help our clients identify and capitalise on the latest market trends.
bonds from emerging markets to developed economies, we support fixed income investors to trade bonds globally on our intuitive platforms.
our dedicated specialists are always available to provide the support and information that clients may need when making key investment decisions or executing orders.
contracts for difference cfds our clients can utilise our browser-based and mobile platforms to trade cfds with total peace of mind.
accessing a broad array of counters, clients will be able to tailor trading strategies, monitor and hedge their positions.
using our direct market access model, they also enjoy transparent pricing as every order will participate directly in the underlying exchange without any hidden costs or spreads.
daily leverage certificates dlcs traded on sgx, dlcs offer investors fixed leverage of 3 to 7 times the daily performance of the underlying securities market indices or single stocks . without implied volatility impact, time decay impact or margins, investors have the flexibility to trade in both rising and falling markets.
exchange traded funds etfs listed on an exchange, etfs connect investors to a broad sweep of markets including hard-to-access sectors and asset classes.
with the capability to customise watch-lists that can monitor top etfs, our clients are able to maximise their market exposure with robust instruments that can screen, map and track high-performing funds listed on major global markets.
futures and options our cutting-edge tools and technology are designed to empower our clients.
providing coverage across asset classes, investors can trade futures across 13 international markets from london to new york while enjoying 24-hour support for quick decision-making in fast-moving markets.
options trading is exclusive to the hong kong market and the desktop platform.
leveraged fx when it comes to forex trading, the smallest details can make the biggest difference.
we offer advanced platforms such as mt4 and utrade delta so our investors benefit from sophisticated analytics with no dealing desk intervention.
for increased security, client funds are segregated in different accounts.
regular seminars by our in-house experts are also available to our clients.
our products and services structured products our platform has a comprehensive suite of structured products for different client needs.
from yield enhancement to leveraged payoff, our clients can choose a product that suits their investment objective and risk profile.
we adopt an open architecture and have a team of professionals to source products from different manufacturers.
we provide timely communications on product ideas and opportunities that emerge from market volatility.
robo advisory a personal digital fund manager, our robo advisor helps our clients realize their financial goals through an intelligent platform and customized portfolio.
we draw on the wealth of experience and deep market knowledge of our research analysts and investment professionals to develop the complex algorithms and screen for suitable, low-cost etfs.
unit trusts with unit trusts, investors can lean on the experience of financial experts and diversify across a wide variety of funds.
enjoying low sales commissions with no latent charges, our clients can also keep up with the latest market developments by leveraging the knowledge of our award-winning analysts through in-house commentaries, newsletters, and research articles.
services business partnerships we provide various strategic business solutions e.grams., execution, middle and back office to our b2b partners including robo-advisory, alternative non-equity exchanges and ifas as we create mutually beneficial synergies to serve the ultimate investors.
corporate finance / advisory we provide a broad and diverse range of corporate finance services, ranging from equity capital markets i.e., underwriting and placement for both primary and secondary equities , mergers & acquisitions, compliance advisory and financial advisory, spanning the stock exchanges of singapore, hong kong, malaysia, thailand and indonesia.
investor education & corporate access designed to take wealth maximization to the next level, investors can develop their trading acumen with personal coaching sessions, regular seminars and exclusive curriculum on technical analysis, trading strategies, platforms and markets.
our clients can also attend exclusive in-house networking sessions to connect, exchange ideas and gain insights.
we actively organized roadshows and corporate access events to facilitate timely updates and interactions between listed companies and our clients.
margin trading to manage risks and maximize opportunities, our clients can now trade with leverage across our entire portfolio of products and enjoy competitive financing rates for multiple currencies in most major securities markets globally.
in addition to transparent pricing, investors appreciate our responsiveness, broad range of qualifying securities and consistent margin policies.
securities dealing & trading as one of asia's largest bank-backed brokerage firms, we provide an established and comprehensive platform across all the major securities exchanges in asia and developed markets to both institutional and retail investors, for a seamless and reliable trading experience.
beyond the traditional stock broking, we offer multiple products and asset classes to meet the needs of the broadest range of investors from the novice to the most sophisticated.
structured finance we offer comprehensive bespoke solutions as lender and arranger to meet the financing needs of promoters, founders and substantial shareholders including acquisition finance, holdco finance, bridge facility, hybrids, illiquids and other structured credits and funding support, in the most timely and discreet manner.
wealth management to protect and grow their portfolios, our clients can rely on our asia-centric wealth management solutions, which can be tailored for every investment need or objective.
our bespoke services also include asset allocation strategies, discretionary portfolio management, asset manager platforms and external investment products.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images or footnotes to extract.
group financial highlights table: group financial data 2019-2022 item: revenue & foreign exchange gain, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 503,536, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 644,165, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 603,771, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 380,619 item: profit from operations item: profit before tax, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 121,380, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 173,590, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 183,931, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 78,442 item: profit after tax, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 102,921, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 153,833, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 160,710, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 69,282 item: profit after tax and non-controlling interests, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 101,879, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 151,881, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 159,414, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 69,186 item: shareholders' equity excluding non-controlling interests , 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 1,780,304, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 1,742,540, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 1,635,834, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 1,505,332 item: earnings per share, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 11.63 singapore cents, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 17.85 singapore cents, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 19.21 singapore cents, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 8.49 singapore cents item: gross dividend per share, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 6.0 singapore cents, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 8.8 singapore cents, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 9.50 singapore cents, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 4.20 singapore cents item: net assets per share, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 201.04 singapore cents, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 201.82 singapore cents, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 195.45 singapore cents, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 183.20 singapore cents item: percentage return on shareholders' equity item: profit before tax, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 6.89%, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 10.28%, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 11.71%, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 5.31% item: profit after tax, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 5.84%, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 9.11%, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 10.23%, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 4.69% item: profit after tax and non-controlling interests, 31.12.2022 thousands of singapore dollars : 5.78%, 31.12.2021 thousands of singapore dollars : 8.99%, 31.12.2020 thousands of singapore dollars : 10.15%, 31.12.2019 thousands of singapore dollars : 4.68% table end.
note: a 2022 dividend of 6.0 singapore cents 2021: dividend of 8.8 singapore cents is paid/payable on a one-tier tax exempt basis.
b net asset value is derived after deducting 2.2 singapore cents 2021: 2.3 singapore cents per share attributable to non-controlling interests.
uob-kay hian holdings limited share price from 3 january 2022 to 28 february 2023 last close: singapore dollar1.42 high: singapore dollar1.67 low: singapore dollar1.18 2022 operating environment 2022 was amongst the most challenging years for investors as the us bond and stock markets recorded double-digit losses, ending the decade-long bull run amidst high inflation, interest rate hikes that plummeted asset prices, the continuing struggles of china real estate and the collapse of cryptocurrencies and crypto exchanges.
both the us-china geopolitical tension and ukraine war look likely to be drawn out, further weighing down sentiments and adding economic pain.
global equities performed badly across developed and emerging markets in 2022, down 18% msci world index and 20% msci emerging market index respectively.
the adverse impact on some investors was likely more damaging as the technology-heavy nasdaq composite fell by 33.1% for the year, while s&p 500 index was at one point down 25% from its post-pandemic rally and ended the year 18% down . fixed income markets also suffered, with the investment-grade barometer bloomberg global aggregate bond index falling 16% as 10-year us treasuries posted their worst annual returns in decades.
us yield curves were inverted at year end with 10-year us treasuries at 3.9% versus two-year us treasuries at over 4.4%, pointing towards the possibility of a recession.
most bond investors in asia would be negatively impacted as the chinese real estate dollar bond index ended the year down almost 38% while the asia ex-japan dollar bond index fell by 13.4%. the singapore market showed resilience as the straits times index was up 4.1% by end 2022, despite s-reits turning in a total return of -10.7% including 5% average dividends , on the back of a slight contraction in market turnover -3.8% . our other core markets in asia were mostly down except indonesia-hang seng index -15.5%, hang seng stock connect china a 300 index -21.2%, malaysia fbmklci -3.1%, thailand set index +0.7% and jakarta composite index +3.8%-while market turnover recorded a significant contraction in hong kong -25.4% , thailand -18.2% and malaysia -40.8% . despite the bearish sentiment of the financial markets, and china still in lockdown for virtually 10 months last year, real economies were surprisingly resilient and job markets rather robust.
malaysia and indonesia expanded gdp by 8.3% and 5.4% respectively while china 3.0% gdp , singapore 3.8% gdp and thailand 2.6% gdp still managed modest growth.
2022 operating performance commission and non-interest income which represented 72% of total revenue in 2022 contracted by 32.2% yoy as a reflection of the declining market turnover, reduced retail participation and more subdued primary markets activities.
in contrast, the higher interest rate environment contributed to a 35.5% increase in interest income, moderating the decline of total revenue -20.9% to singapore dollar495.7 million at end 2022. singapore and hong kong remain our two most important contributors, generating a combined 80% of total revenue.
commission expenses -36.6% yoy and staff costs -22.5% yoy were kept in check amidst the declining revenue, and other operating expenses as well as financing expenses were at similar levels to past year.
this resulted in a lower pre-tax margin of 24.5% from 27.7% and a profit before tax of singapore dollar121.4 million -30.1% yoy . in 2022, our continuous improvement efforts gained momentum.
improvement in client engagement procedures, as well as digitalisation and simplification of processes, reflect our focus on the customer journey: uobkh was awarded second place in a straits times customer service mystery shopping survey in august.
initiatives to streamline back-office processes delivered efficiency gains of more than 1,600 man-hours of training per employee per month.
as part of our digitalisation and go-green journey, all our clients are now on the utrade platform, where e-statements have been fully enabled.
these initiatives enhance customer experience, improve efficiency and boost staff engagement, while allowing us to better manage our costs.
dividend our board of directors has recommended a first and final tax-exempt one-tier dividend of 6.0 singapore cents per share 2021: 8.8 singapore cents per share , maintaining a payout ratio of approximately 50%.
as in the previous year, our shareholders can opt to receive their dividends in cash and/or in shares.
current year prospects as the battle to tame inflation yields results, it seems inevitable we will see a global economic slowdown.
unfortunately, we are already seeing the collateral damage, with bank failures in the united states due to interest rates increases and the collapse of depositors’ confidence.
such negative sentiments have quickly swept over to europe, triggering the hurried rescue of credit suisse, whilst writing down chfdollar16 billion of at1 bonds to zero.
community service we have continued to support various community and charity projects with total donations of singapore dollar127,500 in 2022. appreciation mr yeow david, our independent director, will be retiring and not seeking re-election when his term expires on 27 april 2023. i wish to express my appreciation to mr yeow for his valuable contributions to the group.
i would also like to thank our shareholders and stakeholders for their support, trust and faith in my management team and we pledge to continue to serve you to the best of our abilities.
wee ee chao chairman and managing director economic review & outlook 2023 greater china review of 2022 china's gdp grew 3.0% year-on-year yoy in 2022, as 4q22 growth slowed to 2.9% yoy from 3.9% yoy in 3q22.
4q22 growth was weighed down by a covid-19 pandemic resurgence after china moved ahead with its economic reopening in november 2022. for the full year, software, it, and communications recorded the strongest growth of 9.1% yoy, followed by finance at 5.6% yoy and construction at 5.5% yoy.
despite the funding crunch in the real estate sector, construction was boosted by government-led fixed asset investments fai , with total fai up 5.1% yoy.
investments outpaced retail sales, which fell 0.3% yoy as household spending was affected by pandemic control restrictions and weak economic confidence.
export remained the biggest growth contributor, up 7.0% yoy in us dollar terms, boosted by us and asean demand.
outlook for 2023 we expect the chinese economy to grow 4.5% yoy in 2023, lifted by work resumption and a rebound in consumer spending.
tourism revenue over the chinese new year holidays has recovered to 73% of 2019 levels, while food and beverage saw customer traffic reaching 2019 levels and revenue 1.9% higher than 2019 levels.
international inbound tourism will also receive a further boost in the coming quarters as airlines rebuild their capacities.
growth-supportive macro policies are expected to remain in place as the property sector's funding needs have not been fully addressed.
local governments may also run larger fiscal deficits due to likely weakness in land sales revenue.
taking these funding needs into consideration, we believe that the pboc will implement further reserve requirement ratio cuts.
the government will also provide further support to small and medium enterprises, with the view of improving job creation.
youth unemployment has fallen to 16.7% by the end of 2022, after peaking at 19.9%, but remains much higher than the end-2019 level of 10.7%. stock market review for 2022 the msci china staged a 35.5% rally from end-october 2022, helping to lift the full-year performance to a decline of 23.5%. over this period, the hsi fell 15.5%, outperforming csi300, which fell 21.6%. within the msci universe, energy was the best performer, up 12.6% boosted by higher energy prices following the outbreak of hostilities between russia and ukraine.
it was the worst performer, down 41.2%, followed by real estate at 30.4% and utilities at 29.1%. stock market outlook for 2023 with the strong rally from end-october 2022, the msci china index briefly touched the index target for 1h23 at 75 points before retreating.
it also reached 11.7x 12-month forward pe, which is the historical average.
further index upside will depend on earnings upgrades, contingent on the pace of economic recovery.
in the most optimistic scenario, the index may trade up to 14.4x 12-month forward pe, implying an index target of 88 points.
we prefer exposure to reopening plays like food and beverage and tourism, given their low base for comparison.
the government's reflationary policies should also be positive for the property sector and financial institutions focused on consumer lending.
it hardware and industrial automation should hit a cyclical bottom in 1h22, providing investors with a longer investment horizon and an opportunity to accumulate.
a resurgence of sino-us tensions and potential for higher fed funds rates for longer are the two key risks to a positive view on chinese equities.
indonesia review of 2022 indonesia's gdp growth is expected to have come in at 5.4% in 2022, with 4q22 gdp growth rising to 5.72% from 5.45% in 3q22.
the united states dollar/idr exchange rate averaged rp14,853 per dollar in 2022 compared with rp14,297 in 2021. the rate closed at rp15,573 on 31 december 2022 compared with rp14,263 on 31 december 2021. 2022 was marked by aggressive interest rate hikes by the us federal reserve, followed by bank indonesia.
the us federal reserve's effective rate was lifted from 0.08% in january 2022 to 4.33% by december 2022. bank indonesia's 7-day repo rate was raised from 3.50% in january 2022 to 5.50% in december 2022. outlook for 2023 while developed countries are likely to slip into a recession, indonesia's gdp growth is set to remain high and is expected to come in at 4.9%, according to uob global economic research.
despite the slowdown, a high level of gdp growth has historically been conducive to the appreciation of the jci.
united states dollar/idr is expected to depreciate slightly from rp15,573 per dollar to rp16,000 by 1h23 and rp16,200 by december 2023. bank indonesia is likely to undertake another 50bp hike in 1q23.
by 1q23, bank indonesia's 7-day repo rate could come in at 6.0%. stock market review for 2022 the jci delivered a -1.59% return in united states dollar terms last year, significantly outperforming the msci asia pacific ex-japan index which suffered an 18.77% decline.
using the bottom-up methodology on npat growth, 2022 npat could have risen by 35.5% yoy.
at the sector level, idxener delivered a 98.17% return as coal prices rallied to united states dollar400/metric ton.
idxindus came in second and posted a 7.75% return, followed by idxhlth with 3.07%. idxncyc saw a 2.44% return.
the above sectors beat the jci's united states dollar return of -1.59%.
sectors that underperformed the jci in 2022 were led by idxtech which saw a -47.09% return in 2022. due to interest rate hikes, idxinfra, idxprop and idxfin delivered -15.25%, -14.56%, and -12.95% returns respectively.
meanwhile, idxcyc, idxbasic and idxtrans posted -11.76%, -8.37%, and -2.03% returns respectively.
stock market outlook for 2023 the jci's fair value for 2023 is 8,150, but we are likely to revise it down to 7,600.
as for the jci's eps in 2023 and 2024, we foresee a 10.0% yoy rise each year, and using a pe of 13.8-15.3x, we derive an end-23 index target of 8,150.
currently, the jci is trading at 13.3x 2023f pe; which is below the historical -1sd pe of 13.9x. we deem the current valuation attractive.
in view of declining commodity prices, we recommend the consumer and coal sectors.
selling prices at consumer companies were raised by 10-15% in 2022 and are likely to remain high even as input costs decline.
lower coal prices will bode well for cement companies.
in the financial sector, we will focus on the top 4 banks as their nim will likely remain stable, while mid and small banks' nim will probably shrink as interest rates rise.
we like companies and sectors that suffered a severe derating in 2022. the technology sector declined by 47.09% with names such as goto, bbyb and arto falling more than 70%.
we also like cigarettes stocks.
we have an underweight rating on commodities, such as coal, and the plantation sector because china's reopening would translate to a higher global supply of commodities, which could lead to lower imports and softer commodity prices.
malaysia review of 2022 malaysia's gdp is expected to have recovered 8.3% yoy from 2021's low base of 3.1% as the country's covid-19 pandemic lockdown conditions eased.
the strong momentum was led by higher private consumption, investments and exports.
the economic recovery also gained more traction amid the ongoing transition to endemicity since apr 22, continued government subsidies, higher wages and export revenue in light of higher commodity prices and strong global demand for malaysia's electrical & electronic products.
the ringgit softened by 5.4% to rm4.40/us$, with the biggest monthly gain since 2016 in nov 22 over 5% to rm4.47/us$.
the outsized move was due to broad us dollar weakness on slower fed rate hike expectations, relaxation of china's covid-19 measures and overcoming the recent political impasse.
foreign reserves declined to united states dollar109.7b from united states dollar117.0b dec 21 . outlook for 2023 malaysia's gdp is expected to slow to 4.0% real gdp growth in 2023, as global headwinds take centre stage, while potential domestic policy changes and the new government's pledge to further consolidate fiscal position after the elections may weigh on consumption.
we factor in one policy rate hike to 3.00% by mid-23.
the ringgit is expected to strengthen on potential domestic catalysts which include a political resolution that paves the way for pro-growth policies, domestic reforms and further opr hikes.
stock market review for 2022 2022 was riddled with many black swan events, such as the runaway inflation which prompted giant hikes in us policy rates, and the russia-ukraine war.
back at home, the country nervously endured a cliffhanger hung parliament for almost five days after the ge15 polling day.
a myriad of factors contributed to the index's flattish -1.1% performance.
foreign investors turned net buyers of malaysian equities rm4.4b inflow from four consecutive years of outflow.
economic review & outlook 2023 stock market outlook for 2023 2023 should be a warmer and less turbulent year for malaysian equities, although sentiment would likely be cautious for most of 1h23 before turning positive around mid-year, ahead of the prospects of a global economic recovery towards end-23.
the fbmklci's recovery will also be guided by a rebound in corporate earnings.
excluding glove stocks, the fbmklci's earnings are expected to recover by 10% in 2023. however, the upside would be capped by lingering concerns over the country's political stability.
appealing investment themes include asia's economic and border reopening, trade diversion us-china trade war and the green agenda.
singapore review of 2022 singapore's gdp grew by 3.8% yoy in 2022, according to advanced estimates, and slightly above the ministry of trade and industry's mti guidance of "around 3.5%". unfortunately, singapore's gdp grew by only 2.2% yoy in 4q22 and while in line with market expectations, it was the fourth consecutive quarter of slower qoq growth.
the manufacturing sector was a notable drag on overall gdp as it contracted by 3.0% yoy, offsetting the yoy gains in services and construction activity.
outlook for 2023 uob global economics & markets research gemr forecasts that singapore's gdp will grow by only 0.7% yoy in 2023 after the reasonably solid 3.8% growth in 2022. the 2023 outlook is largely premised on a broad moderation in external economies this year, with the us and european economies which are key end-markets for singapore likely to enter a recession this year partially as a result of the aggressive monetary policy-tightening stance among these advanced economies.
this will directly impact singapore's manufacturing and external-oriented services sectors and thus we can expect its manufacturing sector to contract by 5.4% in 2023 from +2.6% for 2022 . this is underpinned by the latest singapore purchasing managers' index readings for the last three months of 2022 which saw weakness.
in terms of interest rates, uob gemr predicts a us fed funds target rate of 5.00% in 1q23 and remaining at that level for the rest of the year.
it forecasts the 10-year singapore government bond rate to rise to 3.55% in 1q23 and thereafter declining to 3.30% by 4q23.
stock market review for 2022 with a 6.6% total return in 2022, the straits times index sti was the best performer in the asia pacific region, and also easily outperformed the msci asia ex japan index -20.1% which was dragged down by the significant underperformance of technology and china stocks.
at the sector level, the outperformers in 2022 were the aviation, financials, industrials, and property sectors, which were positively affected by a rebound in overall economic activity and optimism surrounding the normalisation of air travel taking hold.
shipyards and industrials in particular outperformed the market by a significant margin as a better business outlook, given significant oil and gas price increases in the past 12 months, improved sentiment on the sector.
for the second year in a row, reits were less of a factor in 2022, with 14 out of the 20 covered by uob kay hian trading more than 20% off their 52-week highs.
stock market outlook for 2023 for 2023, our forecast year-end target for the sti is 3,520 using the top-down methodology.
our sti target uses a 6% yoy earnings growth for 2023, and a target pe and p/b of just under 12.9x and 1.3x respectively - both of these are around a 15% discount to the past five-year average for the index.
we believe that this discount is fair in view of the risks to our earnings growth forecasts for 2023 given heightened recession risks.
we point out that using a bottom-up methodology and consensus earnings numbers would result in much higher sti targets of 3,800-4,000.
in our view, the sti's valuations are not stretched at present, trading at 2023f pe and p/b of 10.7x and 1.0x respectively, and paying a yield of nearly 5%.
compared with emerging market peers and global developed markets, the singapore stock market is inexpensive on a pe and p/b basis with one of the highest yields.
we continue to recommend an overweight position on consumer, financials, property, selected reits, shipyards & industrials, telecommunications and technology, while we are market weight on aviation, gaming, healthcare and plantations.
thailand review of 2022 thailand's economy grew 2.6% in 2022, increasing significantly from 1.6% in 2021. the growth was mainly supported by the announcement of the post-pandemic stage in july 2022, which led to international tourist arrivals of over 1 million per month.
domestic consumption and tourism led the thai economy's recovery.
outlook for 2023 uob global economics & market research forecasts that thailand's gdp growth will increase by 3.7% year-on-year in 2023 on expectations of higher and steadier tourism income that will continue to boost domestic economic activities.
china's faster-than-expected reopening since january 8th has provided upside to thailand's tourism and economy.
moreover, china has resumed pilot outbound tours to 20 selected countries, including thailand, which would be a key catalyst to the latter's tourism supply chain and domestic consumption recovery.
the federation of thai industries has set a target for 30.0 million international tourists in 2023, significantly higher than the 11.2 million received in 2022 and equal to 75% of pre-pandemic levels.
thailand's exports are expected to grow just 1.0% in 2023, down from 5.5% in 2022, according to the office of the national economic and social development council.
the current account is forecasted to turn to a surplus of bt5.6 billion in 2023 from a deficit of bt18.2 billion in 2022, due to lower petroleum imports and a better services account as foreign tourists return.
deglobalisation and rising geopolitical conflicts, especially between china and the us, have prompted manufacturers to relocate from china to southeast asia, which would benefit thailand's foreign direct investment trend and industrial estate sector.
with reserves forming over 40% of thailand's electricity generation capacity, the country is perfect for businesses that are heavy consumers of electric power, such as cloud services, data centres and electric vehicles.
domestic consumption and tourism have a positive outlook in 2023. inflation is showing signs of cooling as energy prices are declining, lowering the pressure on manufacturing costs and electricity expenses.
inflation in january 2023 was 5.02% and is expected to slow down to 1-3%, which is the bank of thailand's target.
we expect the bank of thailand to hike its benchmark rate by 0.50% throughout q1 2023, resulting in a policy rate of 1.75%. stock market review for 2022 although the set index started to see a decline to 8.45% in the middle of the year, it closed the year a little higher at 0.67% after surging in december 2022 following china's announcement of its reopening.
in terms of sector performance, the outperformers were: electronics +57.44% which was led by delta +101.46% tourism +36.28% which benefitted from thailand's announcement of the post-pandemic stage and china's reopening healthcare +25.25% property +13.69% which gained from a surge in unit transfers before the expiration of lower loan-to-value limits transport +11.75% the worst performers were: person -51.52% industrial materials & machinery -39.07% steel -23.66% agriculture -20.41% foreign investors were the only net buyers bt202b in 2022, while local institutes bt153b and local investors bt45b were net sellers.
overall, foreign investors could absorb selling pressure and drive the market.
stock market outlook for 2023 we view the outlook for the thai equity market in 2023 as a tale of two halves – an impressive first half as the reopening boost gains momentum, and a less attractive second half.
we are optimistic on the first half of 2023 given that the thai economy will be boosted by: improving reopening momentum china's faster-than-expected reopening and the arrival of chinese tourists lower energy costs and inflation which will enhance corporate profits the upcoming election which will support spending and consumer confidence the mild impact from the recession in the eu and lower recession risks from the us we are more cautious on thai equities in the second half of 2023, given that: china's full reopening may drive crude oil and commodities prices higher and in turn spur inflation high bond yields and the peaking of us rate hikes may induce fund flows from equities to bonds there could be equity weighting cuts as investors allocate more investments to china or the eu our investment themes for 2023 are: reopening plays sectors that benefit from the domestic consumption recovery, such as commerce, finance, industrial estate and property defensive plays such as utilities, telecommunications and food.
the weighting will tilt from domestic plays in the first half of 2023 to more defensive sectors in the second half of 2023. our 2023 target for the set index is 1,790, derived from 17.0x forward pe five-year mean and eps of bt105.3 corporate governance report this report describes uob-kay hian holdings limited's corporate governance practices, which are essentially in line with the principles and provisions of the code of corporate governance 2018 the “code” . the company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance, transparency, and disclosure of material information.
the board of directors is responsible for the corporate governance of the company and its subsidiaries.
the directors of the company have a duty to act honestly, transparently, diligently, independently, and in the best interests of all shareholders to enhance shareholders' interests.
the major processes by which the directors meet their duties are described in this report.
board of directors principles & provisions: 2.2, 2.3, description: the board comprises 6 directors: 1 executive director, 1 non-executive non-independent director, and 4 independent directors the majority of the board . description: the board comprises directors who, as a group, provide core competencies such as business, legal, finance, management, and strategic planning experience, industry knowledge, and customer-based knowledge.
principles & provisions: 2.4, description: on an ongoing basis, the board examines its size and, with a view to determining the impact of the number on effectiveness, decides on what it considers an appropriate size to facilitate effective decision-making, taking into account the scope and nature of the group's operations.
principles & provisions: 3.1, description: pursuant to rule 710a of the listing manual, the company board diversity approach strives to achieve an optimal composition by ensuring diversity complementary skills, core competencies, and experience; gender and other aspects to benefit the group and enhance its long-term success.
it aims to challenge management and involve management in debate and to mitigate groupthink.
the nominating committee nc will consider the benefits of diversity talent, knowledge, experience, gender, age, and other relevant factors to achieve optimum composition.
description: every year, the nc reviews each director based on its criteria and appoints them based on their strength and caliber, field of specialization, experience, stature, character, and commitment.
the current board's age ranges from 46 to 68 years old.
description: our chairman and managing director, mr. wee ee chao, is a highly regarded veteran in the stockbroking industry with extensive experience managing the business.
the board considers that his dual role contributes significantly to managing the company effectively and efficiently, particularly given the size and nature of the business.
nevertheless, the overall structure and composition of our board ensures that corporate governance aspects and shareholders' interests are fully addressed.
the audit, remuneration, and nominating committees are chaired by independent directors.
independent directors principles & provisions: 2.1, description: we have 4 independent directors: mr. tang wee loke, mr. kuah boon wee, mr. andrew suckling, and mr. yeow david.
the nc determines annually, and when circumstances require, if a director is independent, having regard to the circumstances set forth in provision 2.1. directors disclose their relationships with the company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders, or its officers if any which may affect their independence to the board.
board of directors: committee membership table: board committee membership 2022 name of director: mr. tang wee loke, audit committee: member, nominating committee: chairman, remuneration committee: member name of director: mr. kuah boon wee, audit committee: chairman, nominating committee: member, remuneration committee: member name of director: mr. andrew suckling, audit committee: member, nominating committee: member, remuneration committee: chairman name of director: mr. yeow david, audit committee: member, nominating committee: member, remuneration committee: member name of director: mr. leong kok mun, edmund , audit committee: member, nominating committee: member, remuneration committee: member table end.
\ mr. leong kok mun, edmund is a non-executive non-independent director.
for more information on the directors, please refer to the "profile of directors & key management personnel" on pages 37 to 39. the roles of our independent and non-executive directors are to: - review and provide input on the business strategy and overall performance of the board and key management to ensure alignment with shareholder objectives.
- oversee corporate governance processes to protect shareholder interests.
each independent director provides an annual confirmation of their independence, based on the conditions and criteria in the code/listing rules.
the nominating committee and the board have thoroughly assessed and reviewed the independence of each director.
the board confirms that all independent directors meet the criteria for independence under the code and listing rules.
they also have no cross-directorships with any group companies and receive no incentive compensation beyond their approved fixed fees annual general meetings, or agm . the board is confident in the independence, objectivity, commitment, and judgment of each independent director.
mr. tang, an independent director for over 9 years, began his career at kay hian & co pte in 1973. he was a founding chairman of the securities association of singapore and a pioneer in the singapore stockbroking industry.
his insights have been invaluable to the board.
in april 2024, when the 9-year rule takes effect, mr. tang will no longer be considered independent, but the board plans to retain him as a non-independent director.
independent directors meet and interact regularly without other directors or management present, and provide feedback to the chairman following these meetings.
although the chairman and managing director are the same person, the board has not appointed a lead independent director.
this is because the chairman and managing director are balanced by strong independent non-executive directors who can engage them on substantive business and corporate governance issues.
chairman's roles the chairman's roles include: leading the board to ensure its effectiveness on all aspects of its role; ensuring effective communication with shareholders; encouraging constructive relations within the board and between the board and management; facilitating the effective contribution of independent/non-executive directors in particular; and promoting high standards of corporate governance.
the chairman ensures that board meetings are held when necessary and sets the board meeting agenda.
board members are also provided with adequate and timely information for their review and consideration.
managing director roles the managing director's roles include: providing strategic direction in the day-to-day operations; and driving the group's growth segment.
to facilitate effective management, certain functions are delegated by the board to board committees, each with its own terms of reference.
the board is assisted by audit, remuneration, and nominating committees.
the board, through its various sub-committees, which are in turn governed by their respective terms of reference, ensures compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements.
table: directors' meeting attendance year ended 31 december 2022 board member: mr. wee ee chao, board meetings held: 2, audit committee meetings attended: n.a., remuneration committee meetings attended: n.a., nominating committee meetings attended: n.a., annual general meeting attended: 1, extraordinary meeting attended: 1 board member: mr. esmond choo liong gee, board meetings held: 1, audit committee meetings attended: n.a., remuneration committee meetings attended: n.a., nominating committee meetings attended: n.a., annual general meeting attended: 1, extraordinary meeting attended: n.a. board member: mr. tang wee loke, board meetings held: 2, audit committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: 1, nominating committee meetings attended: 1, annual general meeting attended: 1, extraordinary meeting attended: 1 board member: mr. kuah boon wee, board meetings held: 2, audit committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: 1, nominating committee meetings attended: n.a., annual general meeting attended: 1, extraordinary meeting attended: 1 board member: mr. andrew suckling, board meetings held: 2, audit committee meetings attended: n.a., remuneration committee meetings attended: 1, nominating committee meetings attended: 1, annual general meeting attended: 1, extraordinary meeting attended: 1 board member: mr. yeow david, board meetings held: 2, audit committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: n.a., nominating committee meetings attended: n.a., annual general meeting attended: 1, extraordinary meeting attended: 1 board member: mr. leong kok mun, edmund, board meetings held: 2, audit committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: n.a., nominating committee meetings attended: 1, annual general meeting attended: 1, extraordinary meeting attended: 1 table end.
principles & provisions: 3.2 notes: n.a. denotes not applicable.
the table summarizes the attendance of directors at board and board committee meetings, as well as general and extraordinary shareholder meetings during the financial year.
board roles the board oversees the overall strategy, provides entrepreneurial leadership, sets strategic objectives, establishes a framework of prudent and effective controls, supervises the management, reviews management performance and reviews the affairs and financial position of the company and the group.
matters which are specifically reserved for the board's decision include: - semi-annual and annual results announcements; - financial statements; - declaration of interim dividends and proposal of final dividends; - convening of shareholders' meetings; - interested person transactions; and - major transactions such as material acquisition and disposal of assets, significant investments and funding & corporate guarantees.
the board in its governance role fulfils the long term economic, moral, legal and social obligations towards their stakeholders to create long term success and sustainability.
key stakeholders are shareholders, customers, employees, regulators and the community.
to assist the board in the discharge of its duties, management provides the board with periodic accounts of the company and the group's performance, position and prospects.
directors receive board papers in advance of board and board committee meetings and have separate and independent access to the company's senior management and the company secretary.
there is a procedure where any director may, in the execution of his duties, seek independent professional advice.
all expenses in seeking professional advice will be borne by the company, however, during the year no professional advice was sought.
to familiarise newly appointed directors with the group's business and corporate governance practices, directors are provided with relevant materials of the group's business which explain activities and how the group's business is managed.
upon appointment, each director is given a letter of appointment and is informed of his duties and obligations.
any newly appointed director who does not have prior experience as a director of an sgx-st listed company will undergo mandatory training as required under rule 210 5 a of the listing manual of sgx-st the listing manual on the roles and responsibilities of a listed company director.
all directors are regularly updated with changes in the relevant laws and regulations to assist them in discharging their duties and responsibilities.
directors have opportunities for continuing education in various areas and are kept informed of relevant training courses or talks organised both internally or by external authorities or organisations.
during the year 2022, all the directors attended led - environmental, social and governance essentials, conducted by singapore institute of directors.
the company was responsible for arranging and funding the training of directors.
principles & provisions section: fulfilling the responsibilities and duties of a director, provision numbers: 1.5, 4.5 section: board roles, provision numbers: 1.1, 1.2, 1.3 section: board's governance role, provision numbers: 13.1 section: assistance to the board, provision numbers: 1.6, 1.7 section: familiarisation of newly appointed directors, provision numbers: 1.2 table end.
corporate governance report continued company secretary's roles the key roles of the company secretary are to: - be primarily responsible for administrative and reporting functions mandated by law; - ensure board procedures are followed; - ensure effective communication between the board, board committees, management and shareholders; - advise the board on governance matters; and - attend all board and board committee meetings.
the appointment and removal of the company secretary must be approved by the board.
audit committee “ac” the ac comprises 4 members, namely mr. kuah boon wee chairman , mr. tang wee loke, mr. yeow david and mr. leong kok mun, edmund.
mr. kuah, mr. tang and mr. yeow are independent directors and mr. leong is a non-executive non-independent director.
all 4 members have related financial management expertise or experience.
key information on the directors and their appointments on the various board committees and on key management personnel of the group is given under the section "profile of directors & key management personnel" on pages 37 to 39. none of the members of the ac were at any time a partner/director of the company's existing audit firm.
the ac met a total of 4 times during the year.
an executive director, the heads of internal audit, compliance, finance and the external auditors normally attend the meetings.
throughout the year, mr. kuah and the external auditors, messrs deloitte & touche llp, have direct access to the internal audit and will reach out to ask questions, if any.
the key terms of reference of the ac are: - to review the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems; - to review the audit plans and findings of the internal and external auditors; - to review all announcements of financial results; and - to review interested person transactions.
the ac: - has full access to and co-operation from management as well as full discretion to invite any director executive or non-executive to attend its meetings; - has been given reasonable resources to enable it to complete its functions properly; and - has reviewed findings and evaluations of the system of internal controls with the internal and external auditors.
page numbers: section: company secretary's roles, page number: 1.7 section: audit committee “ac” , page number: 10.2 section: none of the members...
, page number: 10.3 section: the ac met a total...
, page number: 10.5 section: the key terms...
, page number: 10.1 table end.
note: page numbers are extracted from the image and represent the section's location in the original document.
10.1 principles & provisions the ac has reviewed and confirmed that messrs deloitte & touche llp is a suitable audit firm who satisfies the company's audit obligations with adequate resources and experience and the assigned audit engagement partner, number and experience of supervisory and professional staff assigned to the audit, given the size and nature of the group.
the ac, having reviewed all non-audit services provided by the external auditors, is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.
a sum of singapore dollar153,252 was paid to the external auditors for non-audit services versus singapore dollar735,440 for audit fees rendered during the year.
the ac annually reviews the independence of the external auditors.
rule 715 requires an issuer to engage a suitable auditing firm for its significant foreign-incorporated subsidiaries and associated companies.
for the subsidiary, pt uob kay hian sekuritas, the external auditor is paul hidajat.
arsono, retno, palilingan & rekan a member firm of pkf international . for the subsidiary, uob kay hian securities philippines inc, the external auditor is roxas cruz tagle and co.
uob kay hian u.k. limited and uob kay hian u.s. inc.
are not significant subsidiaries.
the company has complied with rules 712, 715 and 716 of the listing manual on the appointment of auditors.
10.3 whistle-blowing policy the ac has established a whistle-blowing policy where staff may in confidence raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting, fraud or other matters, and to ensure that arrangements are in place for independent investigations of such matters.
the company will treat all information received and the identity of whistleblowers as confidential.
it also commits to ensuring that whistleblowers will be treated fairly, and protected against reprisal, detrimental or unfair treatment for whistleblowing in good faith.
the ac is empowered to conduct or authorise investigations into any activity within its terms of reference and obtain independent advice where it deems necessary.
there were no incidents of concern received by the ac during the financial year 2022. the external auditors during their semi-annual meetings with the ac will update the members of the relevant changes to the accounting standards.
9.1, 9.2 internal control and risk management the board reviews on a quarterly basis the adequacy and effectiveness of the company's risk management and internal control systems, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls.
based on the work carried out by the internal auditor, the review undertaken by the external auditors as part of their statutory audit and certain agreed upon procedures, and the existing management controls in place, the ac and the board are of the opinion that there are adequate and effective internal controls and a risk management system in place to address risks relating to financial, operational, compliance, information technology controls and risk management systems matters.
the system of internal controls is designed to reasonably manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve intended objectives.
it can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, errors, poor judgment, fraud and other irregularities and other unforeseen events.
during the year, the ac, on behalf of the board, has reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the group's material internal controls.
the processes used by the ac to review the adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal control and risk management include: - discussions with management on risks identified by internal audit; - the audit processes; - the review of internal and external audit plans; and - the review of significant issues arising from internal and external audits.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
all content is textual.
corporate governance report the board and audit committee ac received and reviewed assurance from the managing director, finance director, internal audit manager, and other key management personnel that financial records were properly maintained, financial statements presented a true and fair view, and adequate risk management and internal control systems were in place.
to manage operational, financial, and compliance risks, the company implemented the following structures involving senior management: management oversight and control risk recognition and assessment control framework and segregation of duties monitoring, communication, and rectification audit and review internal audit internal audit performs continuous monitoring to ensure compliance with group policies, internal controls, and procedures designed to manage and safeguard the business and assets of the group.
the work of internal audit focuses on areas of greatest risk, as determined through the audit planning process.
formal reports are provided to the ac and the chairman of the board.
messrs deloitte & touche llp provide an independent perspective on certain aspects of the internal financial control system, annually reporting their findings to the ac.
the internal auditor reports functionally to the ac and administratively to the chairman and managing director.
the ac is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent and adequately resourced.
the department is staffed by suitably qualified and experienced persons.
the ac regularly reviews the company's internal audit function and its compliance with the standards for the professional practice of internal auditing.
the ac is satisfied that the function remains effective and that adequate resourcing is in place, although this remains a key area of focus.
remuneration committee "rc" the rc comprises three members: mr. andrew suckling chairman , mr. kuah boon wee, and mr. tang wee loke.
all are independent directors.
the rc has access to external consultants for expert advice on executive compensation but did not utilize external consultants in 2022. the rc reviews all aspects of directors' and key management's remuneration.
key responsibilities include: making recommendations to the board regarding the remuneration of directors and key management personnel and ensuring fair remuneration.
formulating the framework of remuneration for directors and key management personnel.
references: 10.4 - internal audit function independence and resources 10.4 - internal audit department staffing 10.1 - internal audit function effectiveness 6.2, 6.4 - remuneration committee composition 6.1 - remuneration committee responsibilities directors' remuneration the group's remuneration policy provides compensation packages at market rates rewarding successful performance and attracting, retaining, and motivating directors and key management personnel kmp . the remuneration committee rc reviews the remuneration packages of the company's executive directors and key management personnel, based on the group's and individuals' performance, market conditions, and industry remuneration levels.
directors' and key management personnel's contracts have no onerous termination clauses.
the rc considers directors' fees based on their roles and responsibilities on the board and in board committees; all fees are subject to shareholder approval at the agm.
the industry's dependence on market conditions requires a flexible remuneration structure addressing short-term profitability and long-term objectives.
long-term objectives are ensured through the retention of key management and staff and consistent business strategy.
therefore, long-term incentive plans, which could create inflexibility and impact short-term profitability, are unnecessary.
contractual provisions for reclaiming incentives aren'tonnes considered relevant and will be reconsidered if needed.
table: directors' remuneration financial year ended 31 december 2022 directors: wee ee chao, total remuneration thousands of singapore dollars : 4,227, fees % : –, fixed salary % : 11.49, variable income % : 88.51, total % : 100 directors: esmond choo liong gee, total remuneration thousands of singapore dollars : 12, fees % : 100, fixed salary % : –, variable income % : –, total % : 100 directors: tang wee loke, total remuneration thousands of singapore dollars : 58, fees % : 100, fixed salary % : –, variable income % : –, total % : 100 directors: kuah boon wee, total remuneration thousands of singapore dollars : 69, fees % : 100, fixed salary % : –, variable income % : –, total % : 100 directors: andrew suckling, total remuneration thousands of singapore dollars : 48, fees % : 100, fixed salary % : –, variable income % : –, total % : 100 directors: yeow david, total remuneration thousands of singapore dollars : 45, fees % : 100, fixed salary % : –, variable income % : –, total % : 100 directors: leong kok mun, edmund, total remuneration thousands of singapore dollars : 48, fees % : 100, fixed salary % : –, variable income % : –, total % : 100 table end.
there are no benefits in kind, stock options, share-based incentives, or other long-term incentives.
the company doesn'tonnes disclose the top five key management personnel's remuneration excluding directors within bands of singapore dollar250,000 each, individual remuneration breakdowns, or aggregate total remuneration.
the company's remuneration policy provides market-rate compensation packages, rewarding performance and attracting, retaining, and motivating directors and key management personnel.
the rc reviews all executive director and key management personnel remuneration details individually.
individual remuneration is based on the group's and individual's performance, market conditions, industry remuneration levels, short-term profitability, long-term objectives, and risk management.
corporate governance report the company makes full disclosure of the remuneration of the directors and managing director with an explicit breakdown between fixed salary and variable income.
our key management personnel kmp are remunerated in a similar manner to the executive directors, and their compensation generally includes a high variable component in the form of a discretionary bonus determined annually.
for 2022, this variable component comprised approximately 71.2% of the kmp's total remuneration.
aggregate discretionary compensation has been and continues to be very closely aligned with group profitability.
the company has considered the sensitive and confidential nature of remuneration matters and believes that disclosing the remuneration packages of the kmp would be disadvantageous to its business and shareholders' interests, given the highly competitive human resource environment the company operates in.
this sensitivity is exacerbated by the fact that it is the only listed brokerage house in singapore.
the company seeks to promote a collegiate senior team culture focused on collective performance and wishes to minimize individual comparisons.
the company believes that the intent of principle 8 of the code is met by its remuneration policy and processes, the role of the remuneration committee rc , and the information provided.
non-disclosure does not compromise the ability of the company to meet the code on good corporate governance as the rc, comprising solely independent directors, reviews the remuneration package of kmps to ensure fair remuneration based on group performance.
the company and its subsidiaries do not have any employee who is a substantial shareholder of the company, or is an immediate family member of a director, managing director, or substantial shareholder.
the company does not have an employee share scheme; however, employees may invest in listed shares and benefit from the scrip dividend scheme.
nominating committee "nc" the nc has three members: two independent directors mr. tang wee loke, chairman, and mr. andrew suckling and one non-executive non-independent director mr. leong kok mun, edmund . the key terms of reference for the nc are: - to review and make recommendations to the board on all board appointments and reappointments, considering the skills and experience needed to ensure the board has an appropriate balance of independent directors with the right expertise, skills, attributes, and ability.
new directors may be appointed by a board resolution, following which they are subject to re-election by shareholders at the next agm.
- to oversee the composition and balance of the board and ensure they meet the requirements under the code.
- to ascertain that independent directors meet the conditions and criteria set out in the code and the listing manual.
- to assess the effectiveness of the board as a whole and its board committees, and the contribution of the chairman and each director to the board's effectiveness.
- to review training and professional development programs for the board.
the nc is also tasked with developing, maintaining, and reviewing relevant and appropriate recruitment, development, and succession planning processes.
principles & provisions section: remuneration disclosure, number: 8.2 section: employee share schemes, number: 8.3 section: nominating committee, number: 4.2 section: board appointments, number: 4.1, 4.3, 4.4 table end.
board appointments and performance evaluation the nominating committee nc , when making recommendations for new appointments to the board, considers the nominee's track record, experience, financial literacy, core competencies, and ability to commit time and effort effectively.
the board periodically reviews the composition of the board and key management personnel to ensure adequate succession plans are in place, maintaining strong leadership for long-term business sustainability.
the nc evaluates the board and board committees' performance using objective criteria: comparison with industry peers return on assets return on equity the board reviews the nc's processes for assessing effectiveness.
no external facilitator was engaged during the financial year ended 31 december 2022. annually, directors perform self-evaluations; the chairman acts on the results and consults the nc when appointing new directors or handling retirements.
board committee meeting minutes are forwarded to the board for review.
director retirement and re-election pursuant to the company's constitution and the sgx-st listing manual, at least one-third of the directors retire by rotation and submit themselves for re-election at each annual general meeting agm . all directors submit themselves for re-nomination and re-appointment at least once every three years; newly appointed directors submit themselves for re-election at the first agm following their appointment.
the board decides on the re-election of directors based on the nc's recommendations, requiring shareholder approval.
mr. kuah boon wee and mr. yeow david were due for re-election at the forthcoming agm.
mr. kuah will be re-elected; mr. yeow will retire after the agm held on 27 april 2023. communication with shareholders the board views the agm as an opportunity for direct communication and encourages participation.
board members, along with external auditors, attend the agm to answer questions.
separate resolutions are proposed for each agm issue.
minutes of general meetings, including substantive comments and responses, are posted via sgxnet and on the company's website within one month of the meetings.
the company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably, protecting and facilitating the exercise of shareholders' rights.
corporate governance report the company will continue to conduct voting by live poll at the coming physical agm for greater transparency in the voting process.
votes cast will be tallied and announced to shareholders at the meeting and the detailed polling results released via sgxnet after the meeting.
the company does not allow a shareholder to vote in absentia at general meetings, except through the appointment of a proxy, attorney or in the case of a corporation, a corporate representative, to cast their vote in their stead.
to maintain transparency and fair dissemination to shareholders, the company makes timely disclosures to the public via sgxnet and postings on the company's website.
information on the company's corporate financials and stock is available in the investor relations section of the company's website.
where there is inadvertent disclosure made to a select group, the company would make the same disclosure publicly to all others as promptly as possible.
the annual report 2022, addendum to shareholders in relation to the renewal of the share buyback mandate, notice of agm and proxy form are posted on the company's website at www.uobkayhian.com and released via sgxnet.
in addition, shareholders and investors are able to contact the company with questions or access information on the company through the company's website at www.uobkayhian.com.
agm 2023 the company's agm 2023 will be held at the auditorium, 8 anthony road, singapore 229957 on thursday, 27 april 2023 at 5:30 p.meter. shareholders should submit their written questions related to the resolutions to be tabled at the forthcoming agm in advance of the lodgment of the proxy forms for the agm, in accordance with the instructions set out in the notice of agm dated 11 april 2023. the board and management will address all substantial and relevant questions and will endeavour to publish its responses to those questions on the company's website and sgxnet 48 hours of training per employee prior to the closing date and time for the lodgment of proxy forms.
where substantial and relevant questions submitted by shareholders are unable to be addressed prior to the agm, the board and management will address them live during the agm.
please refer to the notice of the agm dated 11 april 2023 for more information.
dividend policy our dividend policy pays out 50% of distributable profits.
in view of this, the board has recommended a first and final dividend of sgd0.06 per share for the financial year ended 31 december 2022, which is subject to the shareholders' approval at the forthcoming agm of the company.
engagement with stakeholders other than our shareholders, our key stakeholders are our clients, regulators and employees.
the board recognises the need to balance the needs and interests of key stakeholders with those of the company.
we have established channels of communication for clients to provide feedback to management on various client related issues and for employees to communicate with the management on important developments within the company.
there is regular engagement with regulators to keep abreast of and to provide feedback on regulatory developments.
for more information, please refer to page 28 of the sustainability report.
corporate website all material information on the performance and development of the group and the company is disclosed in a timely, accurate and comprehensive manner through sgxnet and the company's corporate website: www.uobkayhian.com.
principles & provisions: 11.4 12.1, 13.3 11.6 13.2 13.3 dealings in securities the group has devised and adopted an internal code of best practices on securities transactions to provide guidance to its directors and officers in relation to dealings in the company's securities.
a system of reporting of securities dealings to the company secretary by directors has been established to effectively monitor the dealings of these parties in the securities of the company.
in addition, a circular is issued before the start of each moratorium period to remind officers to refrain from dealing in the company's securities prior to the release of the group's financial results.
the officers of the company are also discouraged from dealing in the company's securities on short-term considerations.
with the adoption of semi-annual reporting from financial year 2020 and in accordance with rule 1207 of the listing manual, the company and its officers should not deal in the company's securities during the period commencing one month before the announcement of the company's half year and full year financial statements.
interested person transactions the company has established internal procedures to ensure that interested person transactions are undertaken on an arm's length basis, on normal commercial terms consistent with the group's usual business practices and policies, and are not prejudicial to the interests of the company and its minority shareholders and on terms which are generally no more favourable to the interested persons as defined in chapter 9 of the listing manual, than those extended to or received from unrelated third parties.
table: interested person transactions name of interested person: peak properties pte ltd, nature of relationship: company in which the chairman and managing director has an interest of 30% or more, aggregate value of all interested person transactions in fy2022 excluding transactions less than singapore dollar100,000 and transactions conducted under shareholders' mandate pursuant to rule 920 : singapore dollar535,536 1 , aggregate value of all interested person transactions conducted in fy2022 under shareholders' mandate pursuant to rule 920 excluding transactions less than singapore dollar100,000 : not applicable name of interested person: pt uob property, nature of relationship: subsidiary of the company's controlling shareholder, united overseas bank limited, aggregate value of all interested person transactions in fy2022 excluding transactions less than singapore dollar100,000 and transactions conducted under shareholders' mandate pursuant to rule 920 : singapore dollar288,650 2 , aggregate value of all interested person transactions conducted in fy2022 under shareholders' mandate pursuant to rule 920 excluding transactions less than singapore dollar100,000 : not applicable table end.
1 receipt of rent for lease of 7,438 area in square feet of office space at 8 anthony road 01-02 singapore.
2 payment of rent for lease of 13,983 area in square feet of office space in jakarta.
material contracts except as disclosed in the directors' statement and financial statements, no material contracts including loans of the company or its subsidiaries involving the interests of the managing director or any director or controlling shareholder subsisted at the end of the financial year or have been entered into since the end of the previous financial year.
sustainability report statement of the board the board recognises that sustainability is a key component of the uob kay hian group's long-term business strategy.
the board is responsible and committed to building a sustainable business in the interests of its stakeholders while the management steers and drives uob kay hian's sustainability efforts.
sustainability governance in today's investment climate, non-tangible financial factors are becoming increasingly important to our stakeholders.
stakeholders are beginning to look beyond economic and operational factors in evaluating management and corporate accountability.
this sustainability report is based on economic, environmental, social, and governance issues that are material to the uob kay hian group of companies.
reports on our economic and operational matters are set out in pages 46 to 118 of our annual report.
scope of report and period of reporting this report focuses on the sustainability practices and strategy of the uob kay hian group of companies.
it seeks to meet the interest of our stakeholders in the non-financial information of the group and demonstrates our effort to report to our shareholders and other stakeholders the steps we are taking to achieve a more sustainable business model and contribute to a more sustainable environment.
framework uob-kay hian holdings limited has reported with reference to the global reporting initiative gri standards for the period from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022. this is also in alignment with sgx sustainability guidelines.
the gri standard is chosen as it is a universally accepted standard for reporting.
engagement of key stakeholders key stakeholders: clients, form of engagement: seminars, workshops, sales engagement, social media platforms e.grams. facebook, telegram, customer service hotline/feedback platforms, key topics: capital markets, corporate news, investment strategy and tools key stakeholders: regulators, form of engagement: dialogue and face-to-face/virtual meetings, key topics: regulations, cyber security, corporate governance key stakeholders: employees, form of engagement: face-to-face/virtual meetings and discussions, electronic communication, corporate events, regular dialogues, townhalls, key topics: performance, work efficiency, product related, talent retention and attraction, safety and well-being, training, safe work environment key stakeholders: shareholders, form of engagement: announcements, semi-annual financial reporting, annual reports including sustainability reports, general meetings, corporate website, key topics: performance, corporate governance, sustainability efforts table end.
trusted financial partner as a provider of regulated financial services, we position ourselves as a trusted financial partner of our clients.
to achieve this, we have identified the following key environmental, social, and governance esg factors necessary for the continuing success of our business: material environmental, social and governance esg factors a critical factors i clients our client base comprises financial institutions, fund management companies, corporations, high net worth and mass market retail clients.
each group of clients will have their own investment and trading strategies and will require different types of services and levels of engagement from us.
as a trusted financial partner and responsible broker, we see ourselves having an important role sharing our knowledge and helping to develop the capital markets in the region.
over the years, the ease of access to information and technology have enabled our clients to rely less on trading representatives to make informed self-directed investments.
we are committed to educating the investment community and providing a robust platform and relevant investment/trading tools to help investors make better investment/trading decisions.
to achieve this, we have: trading tools: as part of our continuous efforts to provide better trading experience for our clients, we have revamped our trading platform utrade with simpler, better organised widget-like pages and an interactive dashboard where key account information may be viewed with ease.
clients are now able to customise their own workspace with widgets to suit their trading style while having the latest key business news and events at their fingertips.
regular seminars and workshops: on trading tools, corporate and market updates on the major regional and global markets are conducted during the evenings and weekends.
presentations: offer presentations by fund houses and listed companies while taking into consideration the diversified interests of our clients, ranging from those who are looking for more stable but better yield instruments to those who have the appetite for riskier stocks with potentially better capital gains.
technology and research: invest heavily in technology and research to enable our increasingly tech-savvy clients make better investment decisions.
feedback: engage our clients actively and solicit feedback on their various investment needs.
client centricity we see the importance of having a client centric culture that goes beyond the front line staff.
all staff, including back room staff should keep in mind the end-client perspective when performing day to day tasks and process reviews.
in fy 2022, as part of our process review initiatives, improvement in client engagement procedures, digitalisation and simplification of processes reflects our focus on the customer journey: uobkh was awarded 2nd place in straits times customer service mystery shopping survey in august.
ii integrity and fair dealing we strive to develop a corporate culture which will give our clients the confidence that they are dealing with a financial institution where fair dealing is central to the corporate ethos.
the confidence clients place in us and their trust in our ability to help them manage and safe-keep their assets is a core ingredient to the success of our business.
to achieve this, we: inculcate a corporate culture: where our trading representatives and staff apply the highest professional and ethical standards in dealing with our clients.
checks are in place to ensure there is no conflict of interest in handling of client orders; conduct reviews: to ensure that our staff and trading representatives satisfy the 'fit and proper' criteria for the role they are engaged in; sustainability report continued c investment product screening and client assessments: procedures are in place to ensure that investment products are screened by our product committee and proper client assessments are conducted where necessary.
d conflict of interest prevention: procedures are in place to ensure that there is no conflict of interest in the handling of market-sensitive information.
we have a process to capture and report to management on client feedback and complaints.
these are reviewed by management regularly to improve service levels and client satisfaction.
we believe in a culture of fairness and doing what is right for our clients.
iii human capital our staff and trading representatives are key assets.
uob kay hian group believes in an all-inclusive work environment and a multi-cultural, multi-generational workforce.
as a regional broker with a global presence, we are mindful of cultural diversity among our clients and colleagues.
we prioritize hiring local talent wherever possible.
we recognize the importance of a strong human capital strategy in a competitive environment.
our focus is on recruiting and retaining the right talent, nurturing our employees, developing leadership skills, and planning for succession.
we offer a holistic and sustainable compensation package to attract and incentivize talent.
we support our colleagues in building meaningful careers in a physically and professionally conducive environment.
to achieve this: a in addition to basic salary, we offer a sustainable performance bonus based on both company and individual performance.
b we identify and promote deserving staff with career potential.
c we conduct regulatory, technical, and soft skills training to keep our staff up-to-date.
in fy2022, this included leadership training for department heads, microsoft excel training, and process improvement techniques for high-performing staff.
d we are committed to fair employment principles, abide by labor laws, and are guided by tripartite guidelines.
to build a sustainable business, we focus on renewing and refreshing our talent pool and preparing staff for key management and leadership positions.
we recruit graduates and mid-career professionals, providing them with opportunities for career growth.
our clientele spans multiple generations, from millennials to the pioneer generation.
our trading representatives’ diverse age groups enable them to connect with and assist clients effectively.
we are committed to gender equality and equal opportunities; hiring and promotion are based on suitability and merit.
work efficiency in fy 2022, initiatives to streamline back office processes enabled efficiency gains of more than 1,600 man-hours of training per employee/month.
these initiatives improve customer experience, improve staff efficiency and engagement, and allow us to better manage our costs.
our workforce which comprises the following remain stable: table: workforce demographics 2020-2022 age group: 35 years and below, 2022: 48%, 2021: 29%, 2020: 28% age group: 36-50, 2022: 24%, 2021: 36%, 2020: 35% age group: 50, 2022: 28%, 2021: 35%, 2020: 37% age group: total , 2022: 100%, 2021: 100%, 2020: 100% table end.
table: gender mix 2020-2022 gender: male, 2022: 48%, 2021: 46%, 2020: 43% gender: female, 2022: 52%, 2021: 54%, 2020: 57% gender: total , 2022: 100%, 2021: 100%, 2020: 100% table end.
covid-19 in fy2022, while the covid-19 pandemic was beginning to ease, we remain committed to prioritizing their safety and providing them with a healthy working environment.
our safe management measures committee keeps abreast with the latest health advisories/protocols issued by the relevant government agencies and implements precautions to protect our staff and ensure that we comply with all health regulations regarding covid-19.
iv technology risk as a provider of stockbroking services, we are in possession of client sensitive information.
we are mindful that we are exposed and vulnerable to cyber security-related threats prevalent in the digital era.
such threats, if not properly addressed, could potentially cause disruption to our services and leakage of sensitive information.
in protecting and enhancing our information security, we have implemented a two-factor authentication process for our virtual private network “vpn” access by staff who work from home.
we cater to an increasingly technology-savvy and sophisticated clientele; reliance on technology to service our clients will increase.
we recognize that this will increase our risks and exposure to cyber security threats and it is thus important that we strike the correct balance between having a user-friendly and accessible platform and, at the same time, ensuring that sufficient security checks and controls are in place to protect sensitive information.
to retain the confidence and trust of our clients, it is critical that we have a robust and reliable trading and back-office system as any disruption can cause financial and reputational damage.
to address this, we conduct regular vulnerability assessments of our networks and systems to ensure that vulnerabilities identified are resolved timely.
we continue to invest in security and surveillance systems and, at the same time, enhance our recovery capabilities in the event unlikely emergencies arise.
we regularly benchmark ourselves against the technology risk management guidelines issued by the regulators to ensure that we meet the standards expected.
v governance and regulatory compliance our corporate governance report is set out in pages 16 to 27 of our annual report which should be read in conjunction with this section.
as a provider of financial services, we recognise the need for the regulators, in the various jurisdictions that we have a presence, to have strict rules and regulations governing how we conduct our business and how we deal with our client orders and their assets in order to ensure that our business is sustainable and the integrity of the financial systems of these countries are not compromised.
our organisation structure, operating policies and procedures are designed to ensure that appropriate segregation of duties and controls are in place to meet the high standards set by the regulators.
independent audits and compliance checks are conducted on a regular basis to ensure that our systems and procedures adhere to and comply with the regulatory standards and requirements.
the audit committees of the various countries review the audit reports of the internal audit departments to ensure remedial measures are taken to address any regulatory and internal control lapses.
as a major financial centre, we appreciate and understand the need of the regulators to combat money laundering and the funding of terrorist activities.
we have in place an anti-money laundering policy and framework.
we also co-operate with the authorities in not dealing with potential clients who are in the sanctions list.
we have in place robust and appropriate due diligence and ‘know your customer’ assessment procedures when accepting new accounts.
these assessments are conducted using established data providers who are specialists in this area and through publicly available data.
monitoring procedures are in place to report suspicious transactions to the relevant authorities and these procedures are constantly enhanced to keep abreast with changes.
we promote transparency and have a whistleblowing policy where investors and staff are encouraged to report any improper, illegal or criminal activities.
b important factors i community and social responsibility as responsible corporate citizens in countries which we operate, we recognise that we have obligations to the investing public and society at large.
in 2022, we made various donations totaling singapore dollar127,500 to a local tertiary institute as well as charities such as viva foundation for children, smmwu fund raising and dph charity.
we continually seek to tie up with tertiary institutions to offer internships to their students and sponsor scholarships to deserving students to recognise their scholastic and all-round achievements.
ii environmental policies and practices we are committed to playing an active role in preserving our natural environment, reduce the depletion of our natural resources and the minimisation of our carbon footprint.
we constantly remind our employees to reduce paper, power consumption and water usage.
electronic devices, lighting and air-conditioning in the office are turned off after office hours of training per employee where possible.
table: power and water consumption singapore year: 2022, electricity consumption million kilowatt-hours : 3.343, water consumption cubic meters : 10.8 year: 2021, electricity consumption million kilowatt-hours : 3.591, water consumption cubic meters : 8.0 year: 2020, electricity consumption million kilowatt-hours : 3.615, water consumption cubic meters : 9.2 table end.
our shareholders since 2018, as part of our sustainability efforts, we no longer send cd-roms or hard copy annual reports to shareholders as our annual reports are available online at the company's and the sgx websites.
our clients as part of our digitalization and go-green journey, all our clients are now on the utrade platform, where e-statements are enabled for client to view.
we have also made e-statements as a default for all clients.
this enabled us to reduce significant paper printing and usage.
the group has gone cheque-free by ceasing to issue singapore dollar cheques for corporate actions and sales transactions payments from 1 october 2021. our staff we have ceased to provide printed trade reports to our trading representatives.
efficiency and reduction in carbon footprint waste have been achieved through the migration of such reports to an electronic platform.
circulars, announcements and formal communication with colleagues are currently done through the office intranet and emails.
staff are constantly reminded to minimise printing of reports and are encouraged to recycle and reuse paper.
our services uob kay hian private limited acted as underwriter and placement agent for 5e resources limited.
5e resources limited is a waste management service provider in malaysia that also sells recovered and recycled products and by-products generated from their scheduled waste treatment processes including recycled chemicals, recycled drum/tank, recycled oil, recycled alkaline and recovered precious metals only 4% - 7% of revenue . we continue to seek future opportunities in the esg related financial advisory services area.
targets for fy2023 clients as client engagement and education are important factors in our business, we strive to continue to organise seminars, workshops and presentations by fund houses and corporates to keep them abreast of developments in the capital markets and investment opportunities which are relevant to their needs.
technology risk we continuously review and monitor our vulnerability to intruders and hackers and invest in relevant tools to mitigate cybersecurity risks such as the implementation of a two factor authentication process for our vpn access by staff.
cybersecurity awareness online tests and mock exercises continue to be conducted to remind our colleagues to be mindful of the evolving tactics deployed by cyber criminals while emails about cybersecurity are regularly sent to staff.
to ensure business continuity, we will continue to test our operational resilience and incident communication procedures to enhance our preparedness in the event of disruption due to factors beyond our control.
sustainability report continued human capital we recognise the contributions of our staff.
a process improvement competition was organised to inculcate continuous improvement mindsets, where staff were invited to improve internal work processes that directly impacted our clients’ experience, our scalability, and enhanced staff work-life balance.
certificates of commendation and cash prizes were awarded to the winners.
we also share updates about our colleagues, such as the birth of a baby or the demise of a family member.
staff continue to be encouraged to attend training and upskilling courses, in addition to providing funds for staff gatherings and rewarding colleagues for a job well done.
governance and regulatory compliance this is an ongoing process, and we shall continue to engage with the regulators on how we can work towards better investor protection and enhance the reputation of the financial markets in singapore.
community and social responsibility we shall continue to seek out opportunities to offer scholarships to students in tertiary education and to engage in community work.
environmental policies efforts to increase the use of electronic communication with our clients and trading representatives, and reduce the usage of paper, are ongoing as we strive to further reduce our carbon footprint.
in addition to increasing energy efficiency and reducing water wastage, in fy2022, the company rolled out a paperless drive, where all clients will be set by default on electronic statements.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images, footnotes, or annotations to extract.
general standard disclosures uob-kay hian holdings limited has reported the information cited in this gri content index for period from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 with reference to the gri standards.
table: gri reference gri reference: 2-1, disclosure title: organizational details, reference:: uob-kay hian holdings limited disclosure title: legal name, reference:: public limited company listed on the singapore stock exchange and regulated by the monetary authority of singapore, the singapore exchange securities trading limited and the accounting and corporate regulatory authority disclosure title: nature of ownership and legal form disclosure title: headquarters located at, reference:: singapore disclosure title: countries of operation, reference:: singapore, hong kong, thailand, malaysia, indonesia, philippines, shanghai, london, new jersey and toronto gri reference: 2-2, disclosure title: entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting, reference:: uob-kay hian holdings limited uob kay hian private limited uob kay hian credit pte.
ltd.
uob kay hian properties pte.
ltd.
gri reference: 2-3, disclosure title: reporting period, reference:: 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 disclosure title: frequency, reference:: annually disclosure title: contact point, reference:: cs@uobkayhian.com gri reference: 2-5, disclosure title: external assurance, reference:: no external assurance gri reference: 2-6, disclosure title: activities, value chain and other business relationships, reference:: page 3 gri reference: 2-7, disclosure title: employees, reference:: page 28, 30, 31, 33 gri reference: 2-12, disclosure title: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, reference:: page 16, 21, 22, 28 gri reference: 2-13, disclosure title: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, reference:: page 19, 21, 22, 28 gri reference: 2-17, disclosure title: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, reference:: the board of directors have attended the sid led - environmental, social and governance essentials core fy 2022 gri reference: 2-28, disclosure title: membership of associations, reference:: member of singapore stock exchange gri reference: 2-29, disclosure title: approach to stakeholder engagement, reference:: page 25 table end.
table: gri reference and disclosure gri reference: climate change water management gri 303: water and effluents, disclosure title: 303-5 water consumption, reference: page 32 gri reference: climate change waste management gri 306: waste, disclosure title: 306-1 waste generation and significant waste-related impacts, reference: page 33 gri reference: diversity and equality gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity, disclosure title: 405-1 diversity of governance bodies and employees, reference: page 16, 30, 34 gri reference: training and development gri 404: training and education, disclosure title: 404-2 programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, reference: page 30, 34 gri reference: community engagement gri 413: local communities, disclosure title: 413-1 operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs, reference: page 32, 34 table end.
profile of directors & key management personnel directors of uob-kay hian holdings limited mr. wee ee chao: holds a bachelor of business administration degree from american university usa . joined kay hian & co pte in 1981 as managing director and became chairman of kay hian holdings limited in 1996. closely involved in the management and growth of uob kay hian for over 41 years.
appointed chairman of uob-kay hian holdings limited in august 2000 following the merger of kay hian holdings limited and uob securities pte ltd.
involved in investment and real estate development.
serves on the board of haw par corporation ltd and uol group limited as a non-executive director, and is a director of kheng leong co.
pte.
ltd.
and wee investment group.
served as chairman of the singapore tourism board 2002-2004 and first vice-president of the real estate developers' association of singapore redas 2005-2006 , continuing on the redas committee until 2010. mr. tang wee loke: holds a bachelor of business administration degree.
began career at kay hian & co pte as an analyst in 1973, becoming a director in 1977. appointed deputy managing director of kay hian james capel pte ltd in 1990 and of uob-kay hian holdings limited in 2000. retired as deputy managing director in december 2007, remaining an executive director until december 31, 2011. appointed non-executive director on january 1, 2012, and independent director on january 1, 2015. chairman of the nominating committee and a member of the audit committee and remuneration committee since may 1, 2015 . served as a committee member of the stock exchange of singapore 1986-1999 and as an independent director on the sgx board 2002-2007 . founder chairman of the securities association of singapore.
mr. kuah boon wee: appointed independent director of uob-kay hian holdings limited, chairman of audit committee, and member of remuneration committee on may 3, 2016. group chief executive officer of mtq corporation, an oil and gas engineering and subsea services company listed on the sgx.
worked from 2004 to 2010 at psa international, serving as ceo of south east asia and singapore terminals 2007-2010 and group chief financial officer 2004-2007 . holds a bachelor of engineering degree 1st class honours from imperial college of science and technology, london, and is a fellow of the institute of chartered accountants of england and wales.
serves on the board of the hour glass limited, and is a council member of the singapore national employers federation and the singapore chinese chamber of commerce and industry.
mr. andrew suckling: holds a master of arts honours degree from oxford university and is a member of the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales.
appointed independent director of uob-kay hian holdings limited on may 3, 2016. chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the nominating committee.
over 31 years of experience in the finance industry, primarily in investment banking.
based in singapore.
mr. yeow david: holds a bachelor of laws honours degree from the national university of singapore.
appointed independent director of uob-kay hian holdings limited and a member of the audit committee on january 2, 2020. advocate and solicitor of the supreme court of singapore.
retired as a senior partner of rajah & tann llp.
currently an independent non-executive director of nicheliving capital pty ltd a private company in western australia . mr. leong kok mun, edmund: appointed non-executive non-independent director of uob-kay hian holdings limited and a member of the audit committee on june 1, 2021. appointed a member of the nominating committee on april 28, 2022. managing director, head of group investment banking of united overseas bank limited "uob" . responsible for uob's investment banking business, spanning capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, leveraged finance, project finance, and mezzanine capital.
over 24 years of investment banking origination and execution experience.
represents uob as a director of uob asset management ltd and a non-executive director of ichx tech pte.
ltd., which owns addx, a full-service capital markets platform with monetary authority of singapore mas licenses for the issuance, custody, and secondary trading of digital securities.
profile of directors & key management personnel singapore mr. wilhelm lee senior executive director - holds a bachelor of business accountancy degree and is a committee member of cpa australia.
joined uob kay hian private limited in 2019. over 30 years' experience in securities and investment banking in south east and north asia.
prior roles in renowned global banks including head of coverage - investment banking apac, head of m&a and sectors apac.
responsibilities included financing, advisory, and capital markets.
currently sits on various committees overseeing regional and structured credit, corporate finance and capital markets, in addition to singapore, hong kong, and malaysia management committees.
mr. lim seng bee senior executive director - holds a bachelor of science degree from the stern school of business, new york university.
appointed executive director of uob kay hian private limited in june 2005 and senior executive director on january 1, 2013. member of the group executive committee.
involved in general management of singapore operations and responsible for regional business in north asia.
extensive prior experience managing the securities business in hong kong.
ms. oh whee mian senior executive director - holds a bachelor of accountancy honors degree from nanyang technological university of singapore.
joined uob kay hian private limited in 2001 and appointed executive director in 2013. appointed senior executive director on july 1, 2021. involved in general management of the singapore office and overseeing regional offices.
prior experience working for an established international public accounting firm.
mr. kok heng loong executive director - holds a bachelor of business administration degree from the national university of singapore.
in the stockbroking industry since 1989. joined uob kay hian private limited in february 2012 as an executive director.
involved in general management and development of the retail business for the group.
mr. julian lee khee seong executive director - holds a master of science in accounting and finance from the london school of economics and political science, united kingdom.
joined uob kay hian private limited in 2003 and appointed executive director in 2017. responsible for the group's financing services, credit risk management, and structured finance transactions.
prior experience working for a global banking group in singapore.
mr. jarod ong executive director - holds a master of science in molecular engineering from the singapore m.i.t. massachusetts institute of technology alliance.
joined uob kay hian private limited as part of senior management in january 2021. involved in general management and is head of operations of the group.
brings exchange operations experience and process transformational experience across various industries.
prior leadership roles in renowned global banks and market infrastructure operator.
mr. gary tan kheng chye executive director - holds a bachelor of business administration degree from royal melbourne institute of technology, australia.
in the stockbroking industry since 1997. worked for an established local bank-backed brokerage before joining uob kay hian private limited in february 2013 as an executive director.
involved in general management, overseeing strategic planning and development of the group's technology platform and online trading business.
hong kong mr. karman hsu chief executive officer - holds a degree in economics and commerce from the university of melbourne.
qualified as a chartered accountant with kpmg peat marwick in australia and as a cpa with kpmg peat marwick in hong kong.
joined uob kay hian hong kong limited as chief executive officer in january 2012. uob kay hian holdings limited: key personnel 2022 singapore mr. hsu: more than 30 years of experience in the securities industry.
previously head of corporate finance at cazenove asia 1996 , partner at cazenove & co plc 2001 , managing director of jp morgan cazenove and head of investment banking for asia at cazenove asia limited.
before joining the group, managing director, head of equity corporate finance at standard chartered bank hk ltd 2009 . mr. raymond lam executive director - operations : holds a master of applied finance degree from macquarie university australia and is a cpa.
joined uob kay hian hong kong limited in 2005, appointed executive director in 2015. involved in the general management of hong kong operations.
previously worked for global banking groups in australia and hong kong.
malaysia mr. david lim meng hoe managing director : holds a bachelor of economics from monash university.
over 39 years of experience in the stockbroking industry in malaysia.
joined uob kay hian private limited in 2011 and was appointed managing director of the group's malaysian operations in 2012. thailand mr. chaipat nakmontanakum chief executive officer : holds a master's degree in business administration from university of la verne, usa.
more than 25 years of experience in the stockbroking industry in thailand.
previously worked for nava securities, bnp paribas securities, and dbs vickers securities.
joined uob kay hian securities thailand public company limited as managing director of retail sales in 2003 and was subsequently appointed chief executive officer.
oversees the group's thailand operations and is responsible for the strategic development and management of the equities and derivatives business.
indonesia ms. yacinta fabiana tjang chief executive officer : holds a bachelor of accountancy from tarumanagara university.
more than 20 years of experience in the stockbroking industry.
joined uob kay hian indonesia in 2018 as deputy chief operation officer and appointed chief executive officer in 2020. responsible for the implementation of activities for all operations and marketing retail and institutions . prior to joining the group, worked with yuanta securities, korean investment indonesia, and coopers and lybrand.
directors' statement the directors present their statement together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the group and statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company for the financial year ended 31 december 2022. in the opinion of the directors, the consolidated financial statements of the group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company as set out on pages 46 to 120 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the group and of the company as at 31 december 2022, and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the group and changes in equity of the company for the financial year then ended and at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts when they fall due.
1. directors the directors of the company in office at the date of this statement are: wee ee-chao tang wee loke kuah boon wee andrew suckling yeow david leong kok mun, edmund 2. arrangements to enable directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares and debentures neither at the end of the financial year nor at any time during the financial year did there subsist any arrangement whose object is to enable the directors of the company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures in the company or any other body corporate.
3. directors' interests in shares and debentures the directors of the company holding office at the end of the financial year had no interests in the share capital and debentures of the company and related corporations as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the company under section 164 of the companies act 1967 except as follows: table: directors' shareholdings by virtue of section 7 of the companies act 1967, mr. wee ee-chao is deemed to have an interest in all the related corporations of the company.
there was no change in any of the above-mentioned directors' interests in the company between the end of the financial year and 21 january 2023. 4. share options a options to take up unissued shares during the financial year, no options to take up unissued shares of the company or any corporation in the group were granted.
b options exercised during the financial year, there were no shares of the company or any corporation in the group issued by virtue of the exercise of an option to take up unissued shares.
c unissued shares under option at the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of the company or any corporation in the group under option.
5. audit committee the audit committee of the company, consisting of all non-executive directors, is chaired by mr. kuah boon wee, an independent director, and includes mr. tang wee loke, an independent director, mr. yeow david, an independent director and mr. leong kok mun, edmund, an independent director.
the audit committee has met four times since the last annual general meeting “agm” and has reviewed the following, where relevant, with the executive directors and external and internal auditors of the company: a the audit plans and results of the internal auditors’ examination and evaluation of the group’s systems of internal accounting controls; b the group’s financial and operating results and accounting policies; c the audit plans of the external auditors; d the financial statements of the company and the consolidated financial statements of the group before their submission to the directors of the company and external auditor’s report on those financial statements; e the half-yearly and annual announcements as well as the related press releases on the results and financial position of the company and the group; f the co-operation and assistance given by the management to the group’s external auditors; and grams the re-appointment of the external auditors of the group.
the audit committee has full access to and has the co-operation of the management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its function properly.
it also has full discretion to invite any director and executive officer to attend its meetings.
the external and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the audit committee.
the audit committee has recommended to the directors the nomination of deloitte & touche llp for re-appointment as external auditors of the group at the forthcoming agm of the company.
directors' statement continued 6 auditors the auditors, deloitte & touche llp, have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment.
on behalf of the directors wee ee-chao tang wee loke singapore date: 31 march 2023 independent auditor's report to the members of uob-kay hian holdings limited report on the audit of the financial statements opinion we have audited the financial statements of uob-kay hian holdings limited the "company" and its subsidiaries the “group” , which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the group and the statement of financial position of the company as at 31 december 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the group and the statement of changes in equity of the company for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 46 to 120. in our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the companies act 1967 the "act" and singapore financial reporting standards international “sfrs i s” so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the group and the financial position of the company as at 31 december 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the group and of the changes in equity of the company for the year ended on that date.
basis for opinion we conducted our audit in accordance with singapore standards on auditing "ssas" . our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code" together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
key audit matters key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current year.
these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
table: key audit matters key audit matters: trade and other receivables, trade payables and debts issued key audit matters: a allowance for impairment of trade and other receivables, how the matters were addressed in the audit: we have tested the design and implementation of related key controls to determine that appropriate oversight from management and credit committee had been exercised within the credit review and impairment processes.
key audit matters: refer to notes 3 ii b , 4 c iv - v and 8 to the financial statements respectively.
, how the matters were addressed in the audit: we have performed credit assessment and assessed the specific allowance for individual impaired customers and loans with significant increase in credit risk from credit lending activities, on a sample basis, by critically assessing the realisation of collateral and other possible sources of repayment.
we have also involved our internal credit specialists in evaluating the expected credit losses of selected loans to assess if the estimates are appropriate.
we have evaluated the consistency of key assumptions applied by management in the valuation of non-marketable collaterals and subjected these collaterals to our testing, including understanding of the relevant industry trends and macroeconomic factors to assess the validity of the collateral valuations.
independent auditor's report information other than the financial statements and auditor's report thereon management is responsible for the other information.
the other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.
our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
in connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
if, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
we have nothing to report in this regard.
responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the act and sfrs i s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorized and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.
in preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
the directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the group's financial reporting process.
auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.
reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ssas will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we also: identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the group's internal control.
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
if we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
however, future events or conditions may cause the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
auditor's report evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
we communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
from the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters.
we describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
report on other legal and regulatory requirements in our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the act to be kept by the company and by those subsidiary corporations incorporated in singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the act.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is mr. ho kok yong.
public accountants and chartered accountants singapore date: 31 march 2023 there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
statements of financial position 31 december 2022 assets current assets item: cash and cash equivalents , note: 6, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,244,057,082, 31 december 2021 $ : 547,593,513, 31 december 2022 $ : 518,731, 31 december 2021 $ : 768,418 item: outstanding contracts receivable , note: 7 a , 31 december 2022 $ : 713,034,848, 31 december 2021 $ : 568,138,777, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: trade and other receivables , note: 8, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,739,528,450, 31 december 2021 $ : 2,499,187,000, 31 december 2022 $ : 378,981,560, 31 december 2021 $ : 234,797,951 item: other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss , note: 9, 31 december 2022 $ : 280,959,382, 31 december 2021 $ : 439,106,086, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: other current assets , note: 10, 31 december 2022 $ : 53,324,620, 31 december 2021 $ : 67,262,137, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: derivative financial instruments , note: 11, 31 december 2022 $ : 30,428,960, 31 december 2021 $ : 48,441,087, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: total current assets , 31 december 2022 $ : 4,061,333,342, 31 december 2021 $ : 4,169,728,600, 31 december 2022 $ : 379,500,291, 31 december 2021 $ : 235,566,369 table end.
non-current assets item: trade and other receivables , note: 8, 31 december 2022 $ : 210,941,837, 31 december 2021 $ : 299,318,853, 31 december 2022 $ : 201,354, 31 december 2021 $ : 202,733 item: other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss , note: 9, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,133,080, 31 december 2021 $ : 1,512,786, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: goodwill , note: 12, 31 december 2022 $ : 12,149,300, 31 december 2021 $ : 13,338,889, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: other intangible assets , note: 13, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : -, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: subsidiaries , note: 14, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : -, 31 december 2022 $ : 363,860,486, 31 december 2021 $ : 363,860,486 item: right-of-use assets , note: 15, 31 december 2022 $ : 20,037,428, 31 december 2021 $ : 10,970,498, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: trading rights in exchanges , note: 16 a , 31 december 2022 $ : 91,082, 31 december 2021 $ : 94,859, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: memberships in exchanges , note: 16 b , 31 december 2022 $ : 207,783, 31 december 2021 $ : 217,583, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: property, plant and equipment , note: 17, 31 december 2022 $ : 15,444,149, 31 december 2021 $ : 24,472,127, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: deferred tax assets , note: 18, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,675,633, 31 december 2021 $ : 1,511,575, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: total non-current assets , 31 december 2022 $ : 261,680,292, 31 december 2021 $ : 351,437,170, 31 december 2022 $ : 364,061,840, 31 december 2021 $ : 364,063,219 item: total assets , 31 december 2022 $ : 4,323,013,634, 31 december 2021 $ : 4,521,165,770, 31 december 2022 $ : 743,562,131, 31 december 2021 $ : 599,629,588 table end.
liabilities current liabilities item: outstanding contracts payable , note: 7 b , 31 december 2022 $ : 669,571,869, 31 december 2021 $ : 553,407,517, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: trade and other payables , note: 19, 31 december 2022 $ : 378,732,985, 31 december 2021 $ : 652,660,977, 31 december 2022 $ : 56,340,340, 31 december 2021 $ : 53,471,632 item: borrowings , note: 20, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,143,179,081, 31 december 2021 $ : 1,191,034,009, 31 december 2022 $ : 136,492,650, 31 december 2021 $ : 4,454,650 item: lease liabilities , note: 21, 31 december 2022 $ : 5,045,341, 31 december 2021 $ : 5,432,687, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: debts issued , note: 22, 31 december 2022 $ : 238,955,872, 31 december 2021 $ : 260,579,438, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: income tax payable , 31 december 2022 $ : 17,551,324, 31 december 2021 $ : 17,154,658, 31 december 2022 $ : 702,041, 31 december 2021 $ : 114,598 item: derivative financial instruments , note: 11, 31 december 2022 $ : 30,432,449, 31 december 2021 $ : 48,460,173, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: total current liabilities , 31 december 2022 $ : 2,483,468,921, 31 december 2021 $ : 2,728,729,459, 31 december 2022 $ : 193,535,031, 31 december 2021 $ : 58,040,880 table end.
non-current liabilities item: trade and other payables , note: 19, 31 december 2022 $ : 21,618,000, 31 december 2021 $ : 21,856,973 item: lease liabilities , note: 21, 31 december 2022 $ : 15,960,571, 31 december 2021 $ : 5,843,554 item: deferred tax liabilities , note: 18, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,869,221, 31 december 2021 $ : 2,201,299 item: total non-current liabilities , 31 december 2022 $ : 39,447,792, 31 december 2021 $ : 29,901,826 item: total liabilities , 31 december 2022 $ : 2,522,916,713, 31 december 2021 $ : 2,758,631,285 table end.
see accompanying notes to financial statements.
equity capital, reserves and non-controlling interests table: equity data item: share capital, the group 31 dec 2022 $ : 288,618,569, the group 31 dec 2021 $ : 257,414,898, the company 31 dec 2022 $ : 288,618,569, the company 31 dec 2021 $ : 257,414,898 item: reserves, the group 31 dec 2022 $ : 50,261,050 , the group 31 dec 2021 $ : 30,857,887 , the company 31 dec 2022 $ : -, the company 31 dec 2021 $ : - item: retained earnings, the group 31 dec 2022 $ : 1,541,946,965, the group 31 dec 2021 $ : 1,515,982,799, the company 31 dec 2022 $ : 261,408,531, the company 31 dec 2021 $ : 284,173,810 item: equity attributable to owners of the company, the group 31 dec 2022 $ : 1,780,304,484, the group 31 dec 2021 $ : 1,742,539,810, the company 31 dec 2022 $ : 550,027,100, the company 31 dec 2021 $ : 541,588,708 item: non-controlling interests, the group 31 dec 2022 $ : 19,792,437, the group 31 dec 2021 $ : 19,994,675, the company 31 dec 2022 $ : -, the company 31 dec 2021 $ : - item: total equity , the group 31 dec 2022 $ : 1,800,096,921 , the group 31 dec 2021 $ : 1,762,534,485 , the company 31 dec 2022 $ : 550,027,100 , the company 31 dec 2021 $ : 541,588,708 item: total liabilities and equity , the group 31 dec 2022 $ : 4,323,013,634 , the group 31 dec 2021 $ : 4,521,165,770 , the company 31 dec 2022 $ : 743,562,131 , the company 31 dec 2021 $ : 599,629,588 table end.
clients' trust/segregated accounts bank balances: with related parties with non-related banks margin with clearing house investment in government debt securities less: amounts held in trust note: see accompanying notes to financial statements.
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income year ended 31 december 2022 the group item: revenue item: net foreign exchange gain, note: 25, 2022: 7,822,333, 2021: 17,137,739 item: commission expense, note: 26, 2022: 81,106,889 , 2021: 128,007,860 item: staff costs, note: 27, 2022: 147,038,413 , 2021: 189,798,255 item: finance expense, note: 27, 2022: 39,419,980 , 2021: 37,420,836 item: other operating expenses, note: 28, 2022: 114,591,158 , 2021: 115,348,589 item: profit before income tax , 2022: 121,379,706, 2021: 173,589,913 item: income tax expense, note: 29, 2022: 18,458,332 , 2021: 19,756,701 item: profit for the year , 2022: 102,921,374, 2021: 153,833,212 item: other comprehensive income: item: items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, note: 30,37, 2022: 103,870, 2021: 111,803 item: actuarial gain on defined benefit plans item: income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, note: 29, 2022: 22,851 , 2021: 24,606 item: items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, 2022: 81,019, 2021: 87,197 item: exchange differences on translation of foreign operations, note: 30, 2022: 20,253,858 , 2021: 7,105,063 item: other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax , note: 30, 2022: 20,172,839 , 2021: 7,017,866 item: total comprehensive income for the year , 2022: 82,748,535, 2021: 146,815,346 item: profit attributable to: item: owners of the company, 2022: 101,879,105, 2021: 151,881,004 item: non-controlling interests, 2022: 1,042,269, 2021: 1,952,208 item: total comprehensive income attributable to: , 2022: 102,921,374, 2021: 153,833,212 item: owners of the company, 2022: 82,543,499, 2021: 146,547,127 item: non-controlling interests, 2022: 205,036, 2021: 268,219 item: earnings per share: item: basic and diluted, note: 31, 2022: 11.63 singapore cents, 2021: 17.85 singapore cents table end.
notes : see accompanying notes to financial statements.
the provided image contains only a blank page with a footer indicating that the page was intentionally left blank.
therefore, there is no content to extract and convert into markdown.
statements of changes in equity year ended 31 december 2022 the group item: balance as at 1 january 2021, share capital $ : 217,887,018, equity reserve $ : 1,824,847, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 29,466,893 item: total comprehensive income for the year:, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: profit for the year, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 5,257,760 item: other comprehensive loss income for the year, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 5,257,760 item: total, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 10,515,520 item: transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity:, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: final dividend for 2020 paid, note: 32, share capital $ : 39,527,880, equity reserve $ : 142,740, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: payment of dividend by a subsidiary, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: balance as at 31 december 2021, share capital $ : 257,414,898, equity reserve $ : 1,967,587, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 34,724,653 item: total comprehensive income for the year:, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: profit for the year, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 19,332,308 item: other comprehensive loss income for the year, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 19,332,308 item: total, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 38,664,616 item: transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity:, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: share buyback, note: 23, share capital $ : 3,446,085 , equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: final dividend for 2021 paid, note: 32, share capital $ : 34,649,756, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: transfer to statutory reserve, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: payment of dividend by a subsidiary, share capital $ : -, equity reserve $ : -, foreign currency translation reserves $ : - item: balance as at 31 december 2022, share capital $ : 288,618,569, equity reserve $ : 1,967,587, foreign currency translation reserves $ : 54,056,961 table end.
see accompanying notes to financial statements.
statement of changes in equity table: statement of changes in equity category: beginning balance , retained earnings $ : 1,443,530,620, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 1,635,833,983, non-controlling interests $ : 20,252,561, total $ : 1,656,086,544 category: profit for the year, retained earnings $ : 151,881,004, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 151,881,004, non-controlling interests $ : 1,952,208, total $ : 153,833,212 category: other comprehensive income, retained earnings $ : 86,325, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 5,333,877 , non-controlling interests $ : 1,683,989 , total $ : 7,017,866 category: total comprehensive income , retained earnings $ : 151,967,329, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 146,547,127, non-controlling interests $ : 268,219, total $ : 146,815,346 category: transactions with owners, retained earnings $ : 79,515,150 , equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 39,987,270 , non-controlling interests $ : -, total $ : 125,589 category: other, retained earnings $ : 3,230, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 145,970, non-controlling interests $ : 271,559 , total $ : 254,546 category: ending balance , retained earnings $ : 1,515,982,799, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 1,742,539,810, non-controlling interests $ : 19,994,675, total $ : 1,762,534,485 table end.
table: statement of changes in equity continued category: beginning balance , retained earnings $ : 101,879,105, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 101,879,105, non-controlling interests $ : 1,042,269, total $ : 102,921,374 category: profit for the year, retained earnings $ : 80,209, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 19,335,606 , non-controlling interests $ : 837,233 , total $ : 20,172,839 category: other comprehensive income, retained earnings $ : 101,959,314, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 82,543,499, non-controlling interests $ : 205,036, total $ : 82,748,535 category: transactions with owners, retained earnings $ : 75,982,496 , equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 41,332,740 , non-controlling interests $ : -, total $ : 41,332,740 category: other, retained earnings $ : 12,652, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 12,652 , non-controlling interests $ : 407,274 , total $ : 407,274 category: ending balance , retained earnings $ : 1,541,946,965, equity attributable to owners of the company $ : 1,780,304,484, non-controlling interests $ : 19,792,437, total $ : 1,800,096,921 table end.
see accompanying notes to financial statements.
statements of changes in equity year ended 31 december 2022 the company item: balance as at 1 january 2021, share capital $ : 217,887,018, retained earnings $ : 261,492,922, total $ : 479,379,940 item: profit for the year, representing total comprehensive income for the year, share capital $ : -, retained earnings $ : 102,196,038, total $ : 102,196,038 item: transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity: item: final dividend for 2020 paid, note: 32, share capital $ : 39,527,880, retained earnings $ : 79,515,150 , total $ : 39,987,270 item: balance as at 31 december 2021, share capital $ : 257,414,898, retained earnings $ : 284,173,810, total $ : 541,588,708 item: profit for the year, representing total comprehensive income for the year, share capital $ : -, retained earnings $ : 53,217,217, total $ : 53,217,217 item: transactions with owners, recognised directly in equity: item: share buyback, note: 23, share capital $ : 3,446,085 , retained earnings $ : -, total $ : 3,446,085 item: final dividend for 2021 paid, note: 32, share capital $ : 34,649,756, retained earnings $ : 75,982,496 , total $ : 41,332,740 item: balance as at 31 december 2022, share capital $ : 288,618,569, retained earnings $ : 261,408,531, total $ : 550,027,100 table end.
see accompanying notes to financial statements.
consolidated statement of cash flows year ended 31 december 2022 operating activities item: profit before income tax, 2022: 121,379,706, 2021: 173,589,913 item: adjustments for: item: depreciation of property, plant and equipment, note: 17, 2022: 11,194,771, 2021: 12,070,580 item: depreciation of right-of-use assets, note: 15, 2022: 6,245,476, 2021: 6,125,606 item: amortization of other intangible assets, note: 13, 2021: 895,224 item: net gain loss on disposal/write off of property, plant and equipment, 2022: 55,544 , 2021: 38,634 item: impairment of goodwill, note: 12, 2022: 618,708, 2021: 240,967 item: dividend income, 2022: 692,480 , 2021: 2,361,736 item: allowance for trade and other receivables, 2022: 13,142,507, 2021: 19,150,270 item: interest expense, note: 27, 2022: 39,419,980, 2021: 37,420,836 item: exchange differences, 2022: 271,591 , 2021: 2,009,657 item: operating cash flows before movements in working capital , 2022: 190,981,533, 2021: 249,179,951 item: changes in operating assets and liabilities: item: other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss, 2022: 155,817,490, 2021: 319,600,092 item: trade, outstanding contracts and other receivables, 2022: 709,609,914, 2021: 442,439,023 item: trade, outstanding contracts and other payables, 2022: 178,958,157 , 2021: 187,104,238 item: debts issued, 2022: 21,993,072 , 2021: 53,777,303 item: cash from operations , 2022: 855,457,708, 2021: 131,137,341 item: interest paid, 2022: 38,543,463 , 2021: 36,955,224 item: income tax paid, 2022: 18,556,817 , 2021: 25,348,276 item: net cash from operating activities , 2022: 798,357,428, 2021: 68,833,841 table end.
investing activities item: payments for property, plant and equipment, note: 17, 2022: 2,659,780 , 2021: 5,103,586 item: proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment, 2022: 78,677, 2021: 57,971 item: dividends received from quoted/unquoted securities, 2022: 692,480, 2021: 2,361,736 item: net cash used in investing activities , 2022: 1,888,623 , 2021: 2,683,879 table end.
financing activities item: payment to non-controlling interests for additional interest in a subsidiary, note: 14, 2021: 125,589 item: payment to non-controlling interests for dividend, 2022: 407,274 , 2021: 254,546 item: repayment of lease liabilities, note: 20, 2022: 7,235,800 , 2021: 6,760,044 item: net repayment drawdown of short-term bank loans, note: 20, 2022: 49,540,655 , 2021: 18,304,114 item: dividends paid, note: 32, 2022: 41,332,740 , 2021: 39,987,270 item: purchase of treasury shares, note: 23, 2022: 3,446,085 item: net cash used in financing activities , 2022: 101,962,554 , 2021: 28,823,335 item: effects of exchange rate changes on the balance of cash and cash equivalents held in foreign currencies, 2022: 271,591, 2021: 2,009,657 item: net increase in cash and cash equivalents , 2022: 694,777,842, 2021: 35,316,970 item: cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year, 2022: 538,424,299, 2021: 503,107,329 item: cash and cash equivalents at end of the year , note: 6, 2022: 1,233,202,141, 2021: 538,424,299 table end.
see accompanying notes to financial statements.
1. general the company registration no.
200004464c is incorporated in singapore with its principal place of business and registered office at 8 anthony road, 01-01, singapore 229957. the company is listed on the singapore exchange securities trading limited.
the financial statements are expressed in singapore dollars.
the principal activity of the company is that of investment holding.
the principal activities of its subsidiaries are stockbroking, futures broking, structured lending, investment trading, margin financing, investment holding and provision of nominee and research services, which are disclosed in note 36 to the financial statements.
the consolidated financial statements of the group and statement of changes in equity of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022 were authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 march 2023. 2. summary of significant accounting policies basis of accounting: the financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below, and are drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the companies act 1967 and singapore financial reporting standards international “sfrs i s” . historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
in estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability which market participants would take into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of sfrs i 2 share-based payment, leasing transactions that are within the scope of sfrs i 16 leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as value in use in sfrs i 1-36 impairment of assets.
in addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows: level 1 inputs are quoted prices unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date; level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
adoption of new and revised standards: on 1 january 2022, the group and the company adopted all the new and revised sfrs i pronouncements that are mandatorily effective and are relevant to its operations.
the adoption of these new/revised sfrs i pronouncements does not result in changes to the group's and the company's accounting policies and has no material effect on the disclosures or on the amounts reported for the current or prior years.
basis of consolidation: the consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the company and entities controlled by the company and its subsidiaries.
control is achieved when the company: has power over the investee; is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
there are no footnotes or additional notes in the provided image.
control of an investee the company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
when the company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally.
the company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the company's voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including: the size of the company's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders; potential voting rights held by the company, other vote holders or other parties; rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the company has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.
consolidation of a subsidiary consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the company loses control of the subsidiary.
specifically, the results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the company gains control until the date when the company ceases to control the subsidiary.
when necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the group's accounting policies.
all intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between the members of the group are eliminated on consolidation.
non-controlling interests non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are identified separately from the group's equity therein.
those interests of non-controlling shareholders that are present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets upon liquidation may initially be measured at fair value or at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets.
the choice of measurement is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis.
other non-controlling interests are initially measured at fair value.
subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests' share of subsequent changes in equity.
profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the company and to the non-controlling interests.
total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
changes in the group's interests in subsidiaries that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.
the carrying amounts of the group's interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries.
any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the company.
when the group loses control of a subsidiary, the gain or loss on disposal recognized in profit or loss is calculated as the difference between i the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and ii the previous carrying amount of the assets including goodwill , less liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests.
all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as required/permitted by applicable sfrs i accounting standards . the fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under sfrs i 9 financial instruments when applicable, or the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 in the company's separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less any impairment in net recoverable value that has been recognised in profit or loss.
business combinations acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method.
the consideration transferred in a business combination is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of assets transferred by the group, liabilities incurred by the group to the former owners of the acquiree, and the equity interest issued by the group in exchange for control of the acquiree.
acquisition-related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
at the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date, except that: deferred tax assets or liabilities and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with sfrs i 1-12 income taxes and sfrs i 1-19 employee benefits respectively; liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements of the group entered to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with sfrs i 2 share-based payment at the acquisition date; and assets or disposal groups that are classified as held for sale in accordance with sfrs i 5 non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations are measured in accordance with that standard.
goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree if any over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
if, after reassessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held interest in the acquiree if any , the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
when the consideration transferred by the group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination.
changes in fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively, with corresponding adjustments against goodwill.
measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the 'measurement period' which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.
the subsequent accounting for changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified.
contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.
other contingent consideration is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
when a business combination is achieved in stages, the group's previously held interests including joint operations in the acquired entity are remeasured to its acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss.
amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss, where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.
if the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete.
those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period see below , or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.
financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised on the group's statement of financial position when the group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.
financial assets and liabilities accounting policies financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for trade receivables without a significant financing component, which are measured at transaction price.
transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and liabilities other than those at fair value through profit or loss are added to or deducted from the fair value of the assets or liabilities, as appropriate, upon initial recognition.
transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognized immediately in profit or loss.
financial assets all regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis.
regular way purchases or sales are those requiring asset delivery within the timeframe established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
all recognized financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortized cost or fair value, depending on their classification.
classification of financial assets debt instruments meeting the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost: the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets to collect contractual cash flows.
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
debt instruments meeting the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income fvtoci : the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
by default, all other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl . despite the above, the group may make the following irrevocable election/designation at initial recognition of a financial asset: the group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if certain criteria are met.
the group may irrevocably designate a debt investment meeting the amortized cost or fvtoci criteria as measured at fvtpl if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.
amortized cost and effective interest method the effective interest method calculates the amortized cost of a debt instrument and allocates interest income over the relevant period.
the effective interest rate exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts including all fees and points paid or received that are integral to the effective interest rate, transaction costs, and other premiums or discounts , excluding expected credit losses, through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the debt instrument on initial recognition.
the amortized cost of a financial asset is the amount at initial recognition minus principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortization using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance.
the gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortized cost before adjusting for any loss allowance.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently at amortized cost and at fvtoci.
interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired.
for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset.
if, in subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.
interest income is recognized in profit or loss and is included in note 25 to the financial statements.
financial assets at fvtpl financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortized cost or fvtoci are measured at fvtpl.
specifically: investments in equity instruments are classified as at fvtpl, unless the group designates an equity investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business combination as at fvtoci on initial recognition.
debt instruments that do not meet the amortized cost criteria or the fvtoci criteria are classified as at fvtpl.
in addition, debt instruments that meet either the amortized cost criteria or the fvtoci criteria may be designated as at fvtpl upon initial recognition if such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency so called ‘accounting mismatch’ that would arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognizing the gains and losses on them on different bases.
financial assets at fvtpl are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognized in profit or loss to the extent they are not part of a designated hedging relationship.
the net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in note 28 to the financial statements.
fair value is determined in the manner described in note 4 c vii . foreign exchange gains and losses the carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period.
these are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in the “net foreign exchange gain” line item.
impairment of financial assets the group recognizes a loss allowance for expected credit losses 'ecl' on investments in debt instruments that are measured at amortized cost or at fvtoci, lease receivables, trade and other receivables and contract assets, as well as on financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments.
the amount of expected credit losses is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.
for trade and other receivables, the expected credit losses “ecl” are estimated using a provision matrix based on the group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.
the group recognizes lifetime ecl when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
however, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month “12m” ecl.
the assessment of whether lifetime ecl should be recognized is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of on evidence of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date or an actual default occurring.
lifetime ecl represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
in contrast, 12m ecl represents the portion of lifetime ecl that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
significant increase in credit risk in assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition.
in making this assessment, the group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the group's debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the group's core operations.
in particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition: an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external if available or internal credit rating; significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial instrument, e.grams., a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor, or the length of time or the extent to which the fair value of a financial asset has been less than its amortised cost; existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations; an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor; and an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.
irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.
despite the foregoing, the group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date.
a financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i the financial instrument has a low risk of default, ii the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.
the group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of 'investment grade' in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not available, the asset has an internal rating of 'performing'.
performing means that the counterparty has a strong financial position and there are no past due amounts.
for financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments, the date that the group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument for impairment.
in assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition of a financial guarantee contract, the group considers the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract.
for loan commitment, the group considers changes in the risk of a default occurring on the loan to which a loan commitment relates.
the group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.
page number: 59 notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 definition of default the group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management purposes as historical experience indicates that financial assets that meet either of the following criteria are generally not recoverable: when there is a breach of financial covenants by the debtor; or information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the group, in full without taking into account any collaterals held by the group . irrespective of the above analysis, the group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.
credit-impaired financial assets a financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred.
evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events: a significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; b a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event; c the lender s of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession s that the lender s would not otherwise consider; d it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization; or e the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.
write-off policy the group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.grams., when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner.
financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate.
any recoveries made are recognized in profit or loss.
measurement and recognition of expected credit losses the measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default i.e., the magnitude of the loss if there is a default , and the exposure at default.
the assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as described above.
as for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets' gross carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments, the exposure includes the amount drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the group's understanding of the specific future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking information.
for financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the group expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.
for a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the expected credit losses is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in accordance with sfrs i 16 leases.
financial guarantee contracts for a financial guarantee contract, as the group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the debtor, in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, the expected loss allowance is the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
where lifetime ecl is measured on a collective basis to cater for cases where evidence of significant increases in credit risk at the individual instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the following basis: nature of financial instruments i.e., the group's trade and other receivables and amounts due from customers are each assessed as a separate group.
loans to related parties are assessed for expected credit losses on an individual basis ; past-due status; nature, size and industry of debtors; and external credit ratings where available.
the grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.
if the group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ecl in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ecl are no longer met, the group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12m ecl at the current reporting date, except for assets for which the simplified approach was used.
the group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.
derecognition of financial assets the group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.
if the group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the group recognizes its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay.
if the group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the group continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.
on derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.
financial liabilities and equity instruments classification as debt or equity debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
equity instruments an equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities.
equity instruments issued by a group entity are recognized at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
repurchase of the company's own equity instruments is recognized and deducted directly in equity.
no gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the company's own equity instruments.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 financial liabilities all financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method or at fvtpl.
however, financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for derecognition or when the continuing involvement approach applies, financial guarantee contracts issued by the group, and commitments issued by the group are measured in accordance with the specific accounting policies set out below.
financial liabilities at fvtpl financial liabilities are classified as at fvtpl when the financial liability is: contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination held for trading designated as at fvtpl a financial liability is classified as held for trading if either: it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument.
a financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at fvtpl upon initial recognition if: such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the group's documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and sfrs i 9 permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at fvtpl.
financial liabilities at fvtpl are measured at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss to the extent that they are not part of a designated hedging relationship.
the net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss incorporates any interest paid on the financial liabilities.
however, for financial liabilities that are designated as at fvtpl, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognized in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability's credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.
the remaining amount of change in the fair value of liability is recognized in profit or loss.
changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability's credit risk that are recognized in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained earnings upon derecognition of the financial liability.
the principal category of financial liabilities designated as at fvtpl is the credit-linked notes issued by the group.
these credit-linked notes are designated as at fair value through profit or loss to better reflect the underlying intention of the group to manage and evaluate its performance on a fair value basis.
gains or losses on financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments issued by the group that are designated by the group as at fvtpl are recognized in profit or loss.
fair value is determined in the manner described in note 4 c vii . financial liabilities subsequently measured at amortised cost financial liabilities that are not 1 contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination, 2 held-for-trading, or 3 designated as at fvtpl, are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
the effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the relevant period.
the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts through the expected life of the financial liability, or where appropriate a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.
financial guarantee contract liabilities a financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
financial guarantee contracts issued by a group entity are initially measured at their fair values and, if not designated as at fvtpl and do not arise from a transfer of a financial asset, are subsequently measured at the higher of: the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with sfrs i 9; and the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the revenue recognition policies.
the company has issued corporate guarantees to banks for borrowings of its subsidiaries.
these guarantees are financial guarantees as they require the company to reimburse the banks if the subsidiaries fail to meet principal or interest payments when due in accordance with the terms of their borrowings.
foreign exchange gains and losses for financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost as at each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of the instruments.
these foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the "net foreign exchange gain" line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
the fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period.
for financial liabilities that are measured as at fvtpl, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognised in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.
derecognition of financial liabilities the group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire.
the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.
derivative financial instruments the group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks, including foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate swaps.
further details of derivative financial instruments are disclosed in note 11 to the financial statements.
derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value as at each reporting date.
the resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 a derivative with a positive fair value is recognized as a financial asset whereas a derivative with a negative fair value is recognized as a financial liability.
derivatives are not offset in the financial statements unless the group has both a legally enforceable right and intention to offset.
a derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months.
other derivatives are presented as current assets or current liabilities.
embedded derivatives an embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid contract that also includes a non-derivative host – with the effect that some of the cash flows of the combined instrument vary in a way similar to a stand-alone derivative.
derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts with a financial asset host within the scope of sfrs i 9 are not separated.
the entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured as either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.
derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts with hosts that are not financial assets within the scope of sfrs i 9 e.grams. financial liabilities are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at fvtpl.
if the hybrid contract is a quoted financial liability, instead of separating the embedded derivative, the group generally designates the whole hybrid contract at fvtpl.
an embedded derivative is presented as a non-current asset or non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the hybrid instrument to which the embedded derivative relates is more than 12 months and is not expected to be realised or settled within 12 months.
leases the group as lessor the group enters into lease agreements as a lessor with respect to its investment property.
leases for which the group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases.
whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
all other leases are classified as operating leases.
when the group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts.
the sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease.
rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at the amount of the group’s net investment in the leases.
finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
when a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the group applies sfrs i 15 to allocate the consideration under the contract to each component.
the group as lessee the group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease, at inception of the contract.
the group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets.
for these leases, the group recognises the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
lease liability and right-of-use assets the lease liability is initially measured at the present value of lease payments not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the rate implicit in the lease.
if this rate is not readily determined, the group uses its incremental borrowing rate.
lease payments included in the measurement comprise fixed lease payments including in-substance fixed payments . the lease liability is presented separately in the statement of financial position.
it is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest and reducing it to reflect lease payments made using the effective interest method . the group remeasures the lease liability and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use asset whenever: the lease term changes, in which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate.
a lease contract is modified but not accounted for as a separate lease , in which case the lease liability is remeasured based on discounting revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the modification's effective date.
the group did not make any such adjustments during the periods presented.
right-of-use assets comprise the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability, lease payments made at or before commencement, less any lease incentives received and any initial direct costs.
they are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
if the group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle, remove, restore the site, or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by lease terms, a provision is recognized and measured under sfrs i 1-37.
costs relating to a right-of-use asset are included in that asset.
right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the useful life of the right-of-use asset.
if a lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset, or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects the group expecting to exercise a purchase option, the asset is depreciated over the underlying asset's useful life.
depreciation starts at the lease commencement date.
right-of-use assets are presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position.
the group applies sfrs i 1-36 to determine whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts for any identified impairment loss.
as a practical expedient, sfrs i 16 permits a lessee not to separate non-lease components and instead account for any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement.
the group has used this practical expedient.
property, plant, and equipment property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment loss.
depreciation is recognized to write off the cost or valuation of assets less their residual values over their useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following bases: asset category: buildings, depreciation rate: over the terms of lease from 5% to 6 ⅔% asset category: leasehold land, depreciation rate: over the terms of lease of 6 ⅔% asset category: leasehold improvements, depreciation rate: 16 to 33 ⅓% asset category: furniture, fittings and office equipment, depreciation rate: 20 to 33 ⅓% asset category: computer equipment and software, depreciation rate: 20 to 33 ⅓% asset category: communication equipment, depreciation rate: 20 to 33 ⅓% asset category: motor vehicles, depreciation rate: 18 to 33 ⅓% table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 the estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
an item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset.
the gain or loss arising on disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amounts of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.
goodwill goodwill is initially recognised and measured as set out in the business combinations accounting policy.
goodwill is not amortised but is reviewed for impairment at least annually.
for the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the group's cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired.
if the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.
an impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.
on disposal of a cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal.
intangible assets intangible assets acquired separately: customer portfolio database acquired separately are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation where they have finite useful lives and accumulated impairment losses.
customer portfolio database have a definite useful lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 2 years.
the estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.
intangible assets acquired in a business combination: intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are recognised initially at their fair value at the acquisition date which is regarded as their cost . subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets acquired separately.
memberships in exchanges: memberships in the stock exchange of thailand and jakarta stock exchange are stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
where an indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of the memberships are assessed and written down immediately to its recoverable amount.
trading rights in exchanges: trading rights in the stock exchange of hong kong limited, hong kong futures exchange and the philippine stock exchange are stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
where an indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of the trading rights is assessed and written down immediately to its recoverable amount.
impairment of tangible and intangible assets excluding goodwill: at each reporting date, the group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss.
if any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated to determine the extent of the impairment loss if any . where the asset does not generate cash flows that are independent from other assets, the group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
intangible assets impairment intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment at least annually and whenever there is an indication at the end of a reporting period that the asset may be impaired.
recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use.
in assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
if the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount.
an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease and to the extent that the impairment loss is greater than the related revaluation surplus, the excess impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss.
where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years.
a reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss to the extent that it eliminates the impairment loss which has been recognised for the asset in prior years.
any increase in excess of this amount is treated as a revaluation increase.
securities borrowed and lent securities borrowed and lent are accounted for as collateralised borrowings.
the amounts of cash collaterals advanced for securities borrowed and cash collaterals received for securities lent are recorded in the statement of financial position under "other current assets - amounts deposited with lenders of securities" and "trade and other payables - cash collaterals held for securities lent to clients" respectively.
market value of securities is determined by reference to the quoted prices of the respective stock exchanges at the close of business at the end of the reporting period.
provisions provisions are recognised when the group has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event, it is probable that the group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
the amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows when the effect of time value of money is not material . when some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.
government grants government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
treasury shares ordinary shares of the company reacquired are accounted for as treasury shares.
consideration paid, including directly attributable costs, is presented as a deduction from equity.
subsequent cancellation, sale or reissuance of treasury shares is recognised as changes in equity.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 revenue recognition revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the group expected to be entitled in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
the group recognizes revenue when it transfers control of a product or service to a customer.
revenue is reduced for goods and services tax, rebates and discounts, and after eliminating sales within the group.
revenue is recognized as follows: revenue from contracts with customers - at a point in time commission income: commission income is recognized as earned on the date the contracts are entered into.
fee income: fee income from custodian, management, shares withdrawal and arrangement fees are recognized during the year in which the services are rendered.
revenue from contracts with customers - over time advisory fees: advisory fees are recognized over time, based on the various performance obligations stated in the individual contracts.
other income interest income: interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.
trading income: trading income relates mainly to proprietary trading entered into by the group and is recognized on a mark-to-market or realization basis.
dividend income: dividend income from investments is recognized when the shareholders' rights to receive payment have been established.
borrowing costs: borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
retirement benefit costs: payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognized as an expense when employees have rendered the services entitling them to the contributions.
payments made to state-managed retirement benefit schemes, such as the singapore central provident fund, are accounted for as payments to defined contribution plans where the group's obligations under the plans are equivalent to those arising in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan.
defined benefit retirement benefit plans for defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period.
remeasurements comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling if applicable and the return on plan assets excluding interest are recognised immediately in the statement of financial position with a charge or credit to other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income are not reclassified.
past service cost is recognised in profit or loss when the plan amendment or curtailment occurs, or when the group recognises related restructuring costs or termination benefits, if earlier.
gains or losses on settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognised when the settlement occurs.
net interest is calculated by applying a discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.
defined benefit costs are split into three categories: service cost including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments and settlements ; net interest expense or income; and remeasurement.
curtailment gains and losses are accounted for as past service costs.
employee leave entitlement employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees.
a provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.
income tax income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
the tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year.
taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in profit or loss because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible.
the group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
a provision is recognised for those matters for which the tax determination is uncertain but it is considered probable that there will be a future outflow of funds to a tax authority.
the provisions are measured at the best estimate of the amount expected to become payable.
the assessment is based on the judgement of tax professionals within the group supported by previous experience in respect of such activities and in certain cases based on specialist independent tax advice.
deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit, and is accounted for using the liability method.
deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition other than in a business combination of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
in addition, a deferred tax liability is not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.
deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
the carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on tax laws and rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 the measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.
foreign currency transactions and translation the individual financial statements of each group entity are measured and presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates its functional currency . the consolidated financial statements of the group and the statement of financial position and the statement of changes in equity of the company are presented in singapore dollars, which is the functional currency of the company and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements.
in preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in currencies other than the entity's functional currency are recorded at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of the transactions.
at each reporting date, monetary assets and liabilities items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date.
non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined.
non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation , which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the net investment.
for the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the group's foreign operations are translated at exchange rates prevailing on the reporting date.
income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a foreign currency translation reserve attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate . on the disposal of a foreign operation i.e. a disposal of the group's entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset , all of the exchange differences accumulated in a foreign currency translation reserve in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the group are reclassified to profit or loss.
any exchange differences that have previously been attributed to non-controlling interests are derecognised, but they are not reclassified to profit or loss.
in addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation that does not result in the group losing control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss.
for all other partial disposals i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in the group losing significant influence or joint control , the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.
goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.
segment reporting an operating segment is a component of the group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the group's other components.
the group determines and presents operating segments based on information that is internally provided to the managing director “md” and the board of directors “bod” , who are the group's chief operating decision makers.
all operating segments' operating results are reviewed regularly by the group's md and bod to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance.
cash and cash equivalents in the statements of financial position, cash and bank balances comprise cash i.e. cash in hand, and on-demand deposits and cash equivalents.
cash equivalents are short-term generally with original maturity of three months or less , highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather for investment or other purposes.
for the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the group's cash management.
such overdrafts are presented as short-term borrowings in the statements of financial position.
3. critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty in applying the group's accounting policies, which are described in note 2, management is required to make judgements other than those involving estimations that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised and to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
the estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant.
actual results may differ from these estimates.
the estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
i critical judgements in applying the group's accounting policies management is of the opinion that any instances of application of judgements are not expected to have a significant impact on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.
ii key sources of estimation uncertainty the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.
a income taxes the group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions.
significant judgement is required in determining the capital allowances and deductibility of certain expenses during the estimation of the provision for income taxes.
there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business.
the group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due.
where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred income tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.
details of income taxes are provided in notes 18 and 29 to the financial statements.
the income tax expense for the year ended 31 december 2022 is $18,458,332 31 december 2021: $19,756,701 . deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as at 31 december 2022 amounted to $1,675,633 31 december 2021: $1,511,575 and $1,869,221 31 december 2021: $2,201,299 respectively.
income tax payable as at 31 december 2022 is $17,551,324 31 december 2021: $17,154,658 . notes to financial statements continued b impairment of trade and other receivables management reviews its trade and other receivables for ecl at least quarterly.
when measuring ecl, the group uses reasonable and supportable forward-looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.
loss given default is an estimate of the loss arising on default.
it is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements.
probability of default constitutes a key input in measuring ecl.
probability of default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.
in determining these, management makes judgements as to whether there is observable data indicating that there has been a significant change in the ability of the debtor to repay amounts owing to the group, or whether there have been significant changes with adverse effect in the economic or legal environment in which the debtor operates in.
as at 31 december 2022, the carrying amount of trade and other receivables is $1,950,470,287 31 december 2021: $2,798,505,853 net of allowance for impairment of $32,596,221 31 december 2021: $20,304,145 . management makes judgements as to whether an impairment loss should be recorded in profit or loss.
in determining this, management uses estimates based on historical loss experience for assets with similar credit risk characteristics.
the methodology and assumptions used for estimating both the amount and timing of future cash flows are reviewed regularly to reduce any differences between the estimated loss and actual loss experience.
c impairment of goodwill determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated.
the value in use calculation requires the group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate and growth rate in order to calculate present value.
the carrying amount of goodwill at the end of the reporting period was $12,149,300 31 december 2021: $13,338,889 after an impairment loss of $618,708 31 december 2021: $240,967 was recognised during the year.
details of the impairment loss calculation are provided in note 12 to the financial statements.
d fair value measurements and valuation processes some of the group's assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.
in estimating the fair value of an asset or liability, the group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
management and finance department, in consultation with external experts, determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair value measurements.
the regional finance and operations director reports to the board of directors of the company every quarter to explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.
these valuations will be approved by the board of directors.
information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liabilities are disclosed in note 4 to the financial statements.
financial instruments, financial risks and capital risks management a categories of financial instruments the following table sets out the financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period: table: financial instruments at the end of reporting period category: financial assets sub-category: at fair value through profit or loss fvtpl : sub-category: mandatorily measured at fvtpl, note: 9, 31 december 2022 $ : 282,092,462, 31 december 2021 $ : 440,618,872 sub-category: designated as at fvtpl, note: 8, 31 december 2022 $ : 217,307,216, 31 december 2021 $ : 267,954,268 sub-category: at amortised cost including cash and cash equivalents , 31 december 2022 $ : 3,740,352,546, 31 december 2021 $ : 3,709,935,766 sub-category: derivative financial instruments, note: 11, 31 december 2022 $ : 30,428,960, 31 december 2021 $ : 48,441,087 category: financial liabilities sub-category: at fvtpl: sub-category: designated as at fvtpl, note: 19, 22, 31 december 2022 $ : 219,418,188, 31 december 2021 $ : 270,378,896 sub-category: at amortised cost, note: 21, 31 december 2022 $ : 2,232,639,619, 31 december 2021 $ : 2,409,160,018 sub-category: lease liabilities, note: 11, 31 december 2022 $ : 21,005,912, 31 december 2021 $ : 11,276,241 sub-category: derivative financial instruments, 31 december 2022 $ : 30,432,449, 31 december 2021 $ : 48,460,173 table end.
i lease liabilities are financial instruments, although they are outside the scope of certain parts of sfrs i 7/sfrs i 9. lease liabilities are within scope for sfrs i 7 disclosure except for disclosure of fair value and within the scope of sfrs i 9 de-recognition.
i trade and other receivables designated as at fvtpl at the end of the reporting period, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk for trade and other receivables designated as at fvtpl.
the carrying amount reflected above represents the group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for such trade and other receivables.
as at 31 december 2022, the change in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk amounted to a negative of $5,306,029 31 december 2021: a positive of $22,819,731 . notes to financial statements continued ii credit derivatives over trade and other receivables at fair value iii financial liabilities designated as at fvtpl as at 31 december 2022, the change in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk amounted to a negative of $5,306,029 31 december 2021: a positive of $22,819,731 . the carrying amounts of financial liabilities designated as at fvtpl approximate their maturity amounts.
b financial instruments subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements the group does not have any financial instruments which are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements or similar netting agreements that are in scope of the offsetting disclosure.
the company does not have any financial instruments which are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements or similar netting agreements.
c financial risk management policies and objectives the group's activities undertaken by its subsidiaries in each country of operations expose it to a range of financial risks.
these include market risk including foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and price risk , credit risk and liquidity risk.
the group has a system of controls in place to manage these risks to an acceptable level without stifling its business.
the management continually monitors the group's risk management process to ensure that an appropriate balance between risk and control is achieved.
risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the group's activities.
the group's overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the group's financial performance.
the group uses financial instruments such as foreign currency borrowings, foreign exchange contracts and interest rate swaps to manage certain risk exposures.
financial risk management of the group is carried out by the credit committee and finance department of the company and its respective subsidiaries.
the credit committee approves the financial risk management policies of the company and its subsidiaries.
management will review and approve inputs used in the valuation of these financial instruments carried at fair value.
internal audit undertakes both regular and ad-hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures and these are reported to the credit committee.
there has been no change to the group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which the group manages and measures the risk.
market risks exposures are measured using sensitivity analysis indicated below.
i foreign exchange risk management exposures to foreign currencies are monitored closely to ensure that there are no significant adverse financial effects to the group from changes in the exchange rates.
the group manages significant net exposures in each of the foreign currencies through foreign currency borrowings and foreign exchange contracts.
the group as a policy hedges all trade receivables and trade payables denominated in foreign currencies although it may from time to time have some short term exposures due to timing differences.
the group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts and foreign currencies borrowings to hedge its foreign currency risk.
page number: 74 the group's exposure to foreign exchange risks the group's exposure to foreign exchange risks arises from: dealing in securities denominated in foreign currencies; having assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies; holding non-local currencies primarily in united states dollar, hong kong dollar, malaysian ringgit and thai baht for working capital purposes; and investments in foreign subsidiaries primarily in hong kong dollar, malaysian ringgit and thai baht, whose net assets are exposed to foreign exchange risk at the end of the reporting period.
carrying amounts of the group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities table: group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at 31 december 2022 item: non-derivative financial assets item: cash and cash equivalents, singapore dollar $ : 5,673,876, united states dollar $ : 366,396,715, hong kong dollar $ : 497,359,013, malaysian ringgit $ : 864,822, thai baht $ : 63,565,251, others $ : 148,943,193 item: outstanding contracts receivable, singapore dollar $ : 354,855, united states dollar $ : 291,838,701, hong kong dollar $ : 144,946,085, malaysian ringgit $ : 44,817,886, thai baht $ : 130,485,418, others $ : 31,950,599 item: trade and other receivables, singapore dollar $ : 348,668, united states dollar $ : 724,351,272, hong kong dollar $ : 522,311,932, malaysian ringgit $ : 117,484,447, thai baht $ : 76,733,551, others $ : 140,128,291 item: other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss, singapore dollar $ : -, united states dollar $ : 93,328,121, hong kong dollar $ : 15,100,653, malaysian ringgit $ : 27,487,723, thai baht $ : 56,534,538, others $ : 9,458,668 item: other current assets, singapore dollar $ : 23,968, united states dollar $ : 10,039,512, hong kong dollar $ : 12,770,440, malaysian ringgit $ : 6,710,107, thai baht $ : 6,864,257, others $ : 1,744,456 item: total non-derivative financial assets , singapore dollar $ : 6,401,367, united states dollar $ : 1,485,954,321, hong kong dollar $ : 1,192,488,123, malaysian ringgit $ : 197,364,985, thai baht $ : 334,183,015, others $ : 332,225,207 item: non-derivative financial liabilities item: outstanding contracts payable, singapore dollar $ : 410,487, united states dollar $ : 292,208,998, hong kong dollar $ : 139,947,763, malaysian ringgit $ : 29,436,811, thai baht $ : 125,544,921, others $ : 33,896,528 item: trade and other payables, singapore dollar $ : 38,355, united states dollar $ : 135,995,150, hong kong dollar $ : 22,241,577, malaysian ringgit $ : 21,042,609, thai baht $ : 37,174,582, others $ : 62,965,180 item: borrowings, singapore dollar $ : -, united states dollar $ : 611,629,476, hong kong dollar $ : 487,321,694, malaysian ringgit $ : 6,112,000, thai baht $ : -, others $ : 28,775,455 item: debts issued, singapore dollar $ : -, united states dollar $ : 141,865,319, hong kong dollar $ : 26,941,475, malaysian ringgit $ : -, thai baht $ : -, others $ : 70,149,078 item: total non-derivative financial liabilities , singapore dollar $ : 448,842, united states dollar $ : 1,181,698,943, hong kong dollar $ : 676,452,509, malaysian ringgit $ : 56,591,420, thai baht $ : 162,719,503, others $ : 195,786,241 item: net financial assets , singapore dollar $ : 5,952,525, united states dollar $ : 304,255,378, hong kong dollar $ : 516,035,614, malaysian ringgit $ : 140,773,565, thai baht $ : 171,463,512, others $ : 136,438,966 table end.
notes: the group's exposures to other currencies include exposures to indonesian rupiah, australian dollar, sterling pound and others.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2021 non-derivative financial assets currency: singapore $, cash and cash equivalents: 7,900,662, outstanding contracts receivable: 2,546, trade and other receivables: 1,448,921, other financial assets fair value through profit or loss : -, other current assets: 159,346 currency: united states $, cash and cash equivalents: 75,757,370, outstanding contracts receivable: 73,629,321, trade and other receivables: 1,134,627,436, other financial assets fair value through profit or loss : 156,535,730, other current assets: 9,209,097 currency: hong kong $, cash and cash equivalents: 35,686,287, outstanding contracts receivable: 251,962,849, trade and other receivables: 894,033,169, other financial assets fair value through profit or loss : -, other current assets: 25,907,314 currency: malaysian ringgit, cash and cash equivalents: 51,230,433, outstanding contracts receivable: 37,647,033, trade and other receivables: 71,534,061, other financial assets fair value through profit or loss : 22,428,516, other current assets: 7,586,855 currency: thai baht, cash and cash equivalents: 102,517,148, outstanding contracts receivable: 105,130,440, trade and other receivables: 76,079,162, other financial assets fair value through profit or loss : 44,522,836, other current assets: 6,820,059 currency: others , cash and cash equivalents: 196,059,116, outstanding contracts receivable: 43,310,366, trade and other receivables: 217,308,350, other financial assets fair value through profit or loss : 90,117,047, other current assets: 3,933,057 currency: totals , cash and cash equivalents: 9,511,475 , outstanding contracts receivable: 1,449,758,954 , trade and other receivables: 1,207,589,619 , other financial assets fair value through profit or loss : 550,727,936 , other current assets: 335,069,645 table end.
non-derivative financial liabilities currency: singapore $, outstanding contracts payable: 553,764, trade and other payables: 40,027, borrowings: 1,998,912, debts issued: - currency: united states $, outstanding contracts payable: 74,468,841, trade and other payables: 241,591,647, borrowings: 726,017,951, debts issued: 183,942,017 currency: hong kong $, outstanding contracts payable: 227,491,109, trade and other payables: 18,012,094, borrowings: 399,055,026, debts issued: - currency: malaysian ringgit, outstanding contracts payable: 34,002,606, trade and other payables: 32,124,422, borrowings: 6,472,900, debts issued: - currency: thai baht, outstanding contracts payable: 101,241,109, trade and other payables: 66,821,598, borrowings: 35,590,113, debts issued: 76,637,421 currency: others , outstanding contracts payable: 44,006,660, trade and other payables: 106,100,535, borrowings: -, debts issued: - currency: totals , outstanding contracts payable: 2,592,703 , trade and other payables: 1,226,020,456 , borrowings: 644,558,229 , debts issued: 262,334,729 table end.
the group’s exposures to other currencies include exposures to indonesian rupiah, australian dollar, sterling pound and others.
foreign currencies trust balances are monies held on behalf of clients and they do not form a part of the statement of financial position of the group.
the company's exposures to foreign currency the company's exposures to foreign currency are as follows: at 31 december 2022 currency: malaysian ringgit, amount: $1,289 currency: united states dollar, amount: $285,049 table end.
at 31 december 2021 currency: malaysian ringgit, amount: $1,381 currency: united states dollar, amount: $325,183 table end.
foreign currency sensitivity a 5% strengthening of the relevant foreign currencies against the functional currency of each group entity at the end of the reporting period would increase decrease profit after tax and equity by the amounts shown below.
this analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.
profit after tax currency: singapore dollar, 31 december 2022: $247,030, 31 december 2021: $287,419 currency: united states dollar, 31 december 2022: $8,717,163, 31 december 2021: $5,761,001 currency: hong kong dollar, 31 december 2022: $132,551, 31 december 2021: $ 15,693 currency: malaysian ringgit, 31 december 2022: $2,047,599, 31 december 2021: $511,822 currency: thai baht, 31 december 2022: $41,446, 31 december 2021: $ 1,500 table end.
the company currency: united states dollar, 31 december 2022: $11,829, 31 december 2021: $13,495 currency: malaysian ringgit, 31 december 2022: $53, 31 december 2021: $57 table end.
a 5% weakening of the relevant foreign currencies against the functional currency of each group entity would have had the equal but opposite effect on profit after tax to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remain constant.
in determining the percentage of the currencies fluctuation, the group has considered the economic environment in which it operates.
in management's opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as the year-end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.
trading activity in foreign currency denominated securities is subject to fluctuations that are cyclical in nature, resulting in uneven foreign currency exposure over the year.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 ii equity price risk management the group is exposed to market risk due to fluctuations in equity markets singapore, taiwan, hong kong, philippines, malaysia, indonesia, thailand, and others . exposure arises from: equity positions held by subsidiaries offering return through dividend income and fair value gains excluding quoted equity securities for hedging clients' open positions . falling collateral value supporting subsidiary financing provided to clients.
inability of clients to pay for losses from force-selling of clients' positions.
the group has adequate policies and controls to ensure exposure remains within guidelines.
sufficient collateral covers client exposures, and only liquid, readily convertible securities are held.
the group has exposure across major markets.
a 5% increase in listed security prices in singapore and other exchanges with other variables including tax rate constant would result in: : profit after tax $ , 31 december 2022: 2,929,419, 31 december 2021: 9,884,050 : profit after tax other exchanges , 31 december 2022: 5,889,912, 31 december 2021: 1,746,266 table end.
a 5% decrease in listed security prices would have an equal but opposite effect on profit after tax and equity, assuming all other variables remain constant.
iii cash flow and fair value interest rate risk management cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.
fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.
the group's interest income and expense are exposed to changes in market interest rates.
interest rate risk arises from financial assets receivables from share financing, overdue trade and other receivables, short-term deposits with banks and interest on borrowings from banks.
bank deposits and borrowings are generally short-term.
interest expenses for short-term borrowings are at market rates generally fixed at inception . interest income from share financing and overdue trade debts are pegged to respective currencies' prime rates.
management closely monitors the market and updates from industry working groups managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates to manage the impact of ibor reform.
ibor-related exposures 31 december 2022 the following table summarizes the significant ibor-related exposures of the group as of 31 december 2022: table: ibor-related exposures financial instrument: trade and other receivables, maturing in: february 2023 to may 2024, notional $ : 109,623,558, transition: fallback clauses have been incorporated financial instrument: trade and other receivables - structured loan receivables, maturing in: august 2035 to february 2039, notional $ : 11,437,323, transition: in discussion for the fallback clauses financial instrument: debts issued, maturing in: august 2035 to february 2039, notional $ : 11,437,323, transition: in discussion for the fallback clauses table end.
if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher or lower and all other variables were held constant, the group's profit for the year ended 31 december 2022 would increase/decrease by $5,268,303 31 december 2021: $8,255,625 . interest rate risk exposure the tables below set out the group and the company's exposure to interest rate risks.
included in the tables are assets and liabilities at carrying amounts, categorized by the earlier of contractual repricing or maturity dates.
table: group financial assets and liabilities 31 december 2022 category: financial assets category: cash and cash equivalents, variable rates < 6 months $ : 506,725,226, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 257,791,179, fixed rates 6 months $ : -, non-interest bearing $ : 289,476, total $ : 1,244,057,082 category: trade and other receivables, variable rates < 6 months $ : 30,151,445, variable rates 6 months $ : 90,909,436, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 1,397,225,431, fixed rates 6 months $ : 369,337,893, non-interest bearing $ : 62,846,082, total $ : 1,950,470,287 category: other financial assets, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 109,615,490, fixed rates 6 months $ : 25,843,385, non-interest bearing $ : 940,194,940, total $ : 1,075,653,815 category: total financial assets , variable rates < 6 months $ : 536,876,671, variable rates 6 months $ : 90,909,436, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 1,764,632,100, fixed rates 6 months $ : 395,470,754, non-interest bearing $ : 1,482,292,223, total $ : 4,270,181,184 category: financial liabilities category: borrowings, variable rates < 6 months $ : 1,143,179,081, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : -, fixed rates 6 months $ : -, non-interest bearing $ : -, total $ : 1,143,179,081 category: debts issued, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : 11,437,323, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 41,424,814, fixed rates 6 months $ : 186,093,735, non-interest bearing $ : -, total $ : 238,955,872 category: lease liabilities, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 2,522,670, fixed rates 6 months $ : 18,483,242, non-interest bearing $ : -, total $ : 21,005,912 category: other financial liabilities, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 20,002,632, fixed rates 6 months $ : 21,391,884, non-interest bearing $ : 1,058,960,787, total $ : 1,100,355,303 category: total financial liabilities , variable rates < 6 months $ : 1,143,179,081, variable rates 6 months $ : 11,437,323, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 63,950,116, fixed rates 6 months $ : 225,968,861, non-interest bearing $ : 1,058,960,787, total $ : 2,503,496,168 table end.
table: group financial assets and liabilities 31 december 2021 category: financial assets , variable rates < 6 months $ : 365,471,539, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 3,003,135, fixed rates 6 months $ : 179,118,839, non-interest bearing $ : 547,593,513 category: cash and cash equivalents, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 2,271,779,156, fixed rates 6 months $ : 465,577,830, non-interest bearing $ : 61,148,867, total $ : 2,798,505,853 category: trade and other receivables, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 35,556,176, fixed rates 6 months $ : 1,085,294,451, non-interest bearing $ : 1,120,850,627 category: other financial assets, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : -, fixed rates 6 months $ : -, non-interest bearing $ : - category: total financial assets , variable rates < 6 months $ : 365,471,539, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 2,310,338,467, fixed rates 6 months $ : 1,325,562,157, non-interest bearing $ : 4,466,949,993 category: financial liabilities , variable rates < 6 months $ : 1,191,034,009, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : -, fixed rates 6 months $ : -, non-interest bearing $ : -, total $ : 1,191,034,009 category: borrowings, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 94,327,756, fixed rates 6 months $ : 166,251,682, non-interest bearing $ : -, total $ : 260,579,438 category: debts issued, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 2,716,344, fixed rates 6 months $ : 8,559,897, non-interest bearing $ : -, total $ : 11,276,241 category: lease liabilities, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 33,287,197, fixed rates 6 months $ : 22,463,857, non-interest bearing $ : 1,220,634,586, total $ : 1,276,385,640 category: other financial liabilities, variable rates < 6 months $ : -, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : -, fixed rates 6 months $ : -, non-interest bearing $ : - category: total financial liabilities , variable rates < 6 months $ : 1,191,034,009, variable rates 6 months $ : -, fixed rates < 6 months $ : 130,331,297, fixed rates 6 months $ : 197,275,436, non-interest bearing $ : 1,220,634,586, total $ : 2,739,275,328 table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 the company - financial position at 31 december 2022 assets : cash and cash equivalents, variable rates <6 months : -, fixed rates <6 months : -, fixed rates 6 months : -, non-interest bearing: 518,731, total: 518,731 : other financial assets, variable rates <6 months : -, fixed rates <6 months : 201,354, fixed rates 6 months : -, non-interest bearing: 378,977,060, total: 379,178,414 : total financial assets , variable rates <6 months : -, fixed rates <6 months : 201,354, fixed rates 6 months : -, non-interest bearing: 379,495,791, total: 379,697,145 : total financial liabilities , variable rates <6 months : -, fixed rates <6 months : -, fixed rates 6 months : 136,492,650, non-interest bearing: 56,340,340, total: 192,832,990 table end.
assets at 31 december 2021 : cash and cash equivalents, variable rates <6 months : 325,183, fixed rates <6 months : -, fixed rates 6 months : -, non-interest bearing: 443,235, total: 768,418 : other financial assets, variable rates <6 months : -, fixed rates <6 months : 202,733, fixed rates 6 months : -, non-interest bearing: 234,793,451, total: 234,996,184 : total financial assets , variable rates <6 months : 325,183, fixed rates <6 months : 202,733, fixed rates 6 months : -, non-interest bearing: 235,236,686, total: 235,764,602 : total financial liabilities , variable rates <6 months : -, fixed rates <6 months : -, fixed rates 6 months : 4,454,650, non-interest bearing: 53,471,632, total: 57,926,282 table end.
iv overview of the group's exposure to credit risk credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations, resulting in a financial loss to the group.
as at 31 december 2022, the group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without considering collateral or other credit enhancements arises from the carrying amount of the respective recognized financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.
to minimize credit risk, the group’s credit management committee categorizes exposures according to their risk of default.
credit rating information is supplied by independent rating agencies where available; otherwise, the committee uses other publicly available financial information and the group’s own trading records.
the group’s exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored, and the aggregate value of transactions is spread amongst approved counterparties.
table: group's credit risk exposure by internal credit rating grade category: investment grade, description: aaa-bbb category: non-investment grade, description: bb-ccc category: default, description: d table end.
internal credit ratings are derived using methodologies consistent with those used by external agencies.
credit quality of the group's financial assets and other items table: credit quality of financial assets 31 december 2022 item: cash and cash equivalents, note: 6, external credit rating: a1-aa2, internal credit rating: investment grade, 12-month or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amount $ : 1,244,057,082, loss allowance $ : -, net carrying amount $ : 1,244,057,082 item: outstanding contracts receivable, note: 7 a , external credit rating: n.a., internal credit rating: i , 12-month or lifetime ecl: i , gross carrying amount $ : 713,034,848, loss allowance $ : -, net carrying amount $ : 713,034,848 item: trade and other receivables, note: 8, external credit rating: n.a., internal credit rating: ii , 12-month or lifetime ecl: ii , gross carrying amount $ : 1,765,759,292, loss allowance $ : 32,596,221 , net carrying amount $ : 1,733,163,071 item: other current assets, note: 10, external credit rating: n.a., internal credit rating: investment grade, 12-month or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amount $ : 50,097,545, loss allowance $ : -, net carrying amount $ : 50,097,545 table end.
table: credit quality of financial assets 31 december 2021 item: cash and cash equivalents, note: 6, external credit rating: a1-aa2, internal credit rating: investment grade, 12-month or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amount $ : 547,593,513, loss allowance $ : -, net carrying amount $ : 547,593,513 item: outstanding contracts receivable, note: 7 a , external credit rating: n.a., internal credit rating: i , 12-month or lifetime ecl: i , gross carrying amount $ : 568,138,777, loss allowance $ : -, net carrying amount $ : 568,138,777 item: trade and other receivables, note: 8, external credit rating: n.a., internal credit rating: ii , 12-month or lifetime ecl: ii , gross carrying amount $ : 2,550,855,730, loss allowance $ : 20,304,145 , net carrying amount $ : 2,530,551,585 item: other current assets, note: 10, external credit rating: n.a., internal credit rating: investment grade, 12-month or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amount $ : 63,651,891, loss allowance $ : -, net carrying amount $ : 63,651,891 table end.
i for outstanding contracts receivable, practical expedients have been employed to calculate the ecls, where applicable.
ecls have been estimated to be immaterial, reflecting the short-term nature of the portfolio and the benefit of collateral or other credit enhancements.
ii for trade and other receivables, the group determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past due status of the debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of future economic conditions.
accordingly, the credit risk profile of these assets is presented based on their past due status in terms of the provision matrix.
the group may also determine that certain loan receivables included within trade and other receivables require separate assessment.
in these cases, the group applies expert credit judgment in assessing whether significant increase in credit risk has occurred and in the determination of loss rates.
in determining the ecl, management has taken into account the historical default experience and the financial position of the counterparties, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate, in estimating the probability of default of each of these financial assets occurring within their respective loss assessment time horizon, as well as the loss upon default in each case.
there has been no change in the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the current reporting period in assessing the loss allowance for these financial assets.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 v credit risk management the group has policies and controls in place to limit its exposure to single clients and single securities.
these will also reduce its concentration risks.
some of the company's subsidiaries have to comply with the rules of singapore exchange securities trading ltd "sgx-st" and other exchange rules to ensure that these subsidiaries conduct their businesses prudently.
the credit department monitors the group's exposure to ensure compliance with the guidelines set by the credit committee.
trading limits are set for each client and each trading representative.
in addition, limits are also set for each counter.
the trading limits and outstanding trade positions are monitored daily and follow-up actions are taken promptly.
the credit committee also meets regularly to review clients' and trading representatives' limits and trade positions.
the maximum amount the company could be forced to settle under the financial guarantee contract in note 34 b , if the full guaranteed amount is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee is $728,549,636 31 december 2021: $857,712,043 . based on expectations at the end of the reporting period, the company considers that it is more likely than not that no amount will be payable under the arrangement.
however, this estimate is subject to change depending on the probability of the counterparty claiming under the guarantee which is a function of the likelihood that the financial receivables held by the counterparty which are guaranteed suffer credit losses note 34 b . the group employs a range of policies and practices to mitigate credit risk, the most common being the acceptance of collateral for trade receivables.
the collateral held are predominantly quoted securities.
the group has internal policies on the acceptability of specific classes of collateral or credit risk mitigation.
there has been no change in the collateral policy of the group during the year.
table: value of marketable and non-marketable collaterals item: quoted securities, 31 december 2022 $ : 24,528,766,474, 31 december 2021 $ : 27,434,702,148 item: cash, 31 december 2022 $ : 963,181, 31 december 2021 $ : 399,478 item: others, 31 december 2022 $ : 481,609,263, 31 december 2021 $ : 464,389,461 item: total , 31 december 2022 $ : 25,011,338,918 , 31 december 2021 $ : 27,899,491,087 table end.
during the financial year, the value of marketable and non-marketable collaterals held as security for trade receivables are as shown in the table above.
the carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, grossed up for any allowances for losses, represents the group's maximum exposure to credit risk without taking account of the value of any collateral obtained.
certain loan receivables have been designated as the referenced assets for certain debts issued by the group.
the credit-linked clauses in the debts issued allow the group to deliver the underlying referenced assets to the noteholders as full and final settlement upon the occurrence of a credit event note 22 . the carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, less collateral held as security for trade receivables, represents the group's net exposure to credit risk.
the group establishes an allowance for impairment that represents its estimate of receivables from clients which may not be recoverable.
the allowance is determined after taking into consideration the collaterals and trading representatives' ability to make payment for their clients' debts.
the allowance account in respect of outstanding contracts receivable, trade and other receivables is used to record impairment losses unless the group is satisfied that no recovery is possible.
at that point, the financial asset is considered irrecoverable and the amount charged to the allowance account is written off against the carrying amount of the impaired financial asset.
analysis of trade and other receivables cash and fixed deposits are placed with reputable banks and financial institutions.
consequently, management does not expect any of these institutions to fail to meet its obligations.
there is no other class of financial assets that is past due and/or impaired except for trade and other receivables.
the table below is an analysis of trade and other receivables measured at amortized cost as at the end of the respective reporting periods.
table: trade and other receivables analysis item: expected loss rate item: not past due, 31 december 2022: <0.02%, 31 december 2021: <0.02% item: 1-30 days past due, 31 december 2022: <1%, 31 december 2021: <1% item: more than 30 days past due, 31 december 2022: 100% based on net exposure, 31 december 2021: 100% based on net exposure item: gross carrying amount - financial assets subject to expected credit loss provision item: not past due, 31 december 2022: 1,455,856,153, 31 december 2021: 2,155,798,972 item: 1-30 days past due, 31 december 2022: 244,409,907, 31 december 2021: 317,007,765 item: more than 30 days past due, 31 december 2022: 6,240,420, 31 december 2021: 4,507,313 item: total , 31 december 2022: 1,706,506,480, 31 december 2021: 2,477,314,050 item: loss allowance , 31 december 2022: 2,048,344, 31 december 2021: 1,918,725 table end.
certain loan receivables within trade and other receivables have been determined by management as requiring further assessment for expected credit losses.
in 2022, loan receivables amounting to $59,252,812 2021: $73,541,680 have been determined to have been subject to a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, and an amount of $30,547,877 2021: $18,385,420 have been provided under lifetime ecl for these loan receivables.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 the movement of loss allowance is determined as follows: item: at beginning of the year, 31 december 2022: $20,304,145, 31 december 2021: $2,403,569 item: currency translation difference, 31 december 2022: $51,251 , 31 december 2021: $4,724 item: allowance for trade and other receivables, 31 december 2022: $13,142,507, 31 december 2021: $19,150,270 item: amount written off during the year, 31 december 2021: $1,244,970 item: amount recovered during the year, 31 december 2022: $799,180 item: at end of the year, 31 december 2022: $32,596,221, 31 december 2021: $20,304,145 table end.
the above reconciliation is arising primarily from credit-impaired financial assets and loan receivables with a significant increase in credit risk.
vi liquidity risk management prudent liquidity risk management entails maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities, adequate committed banking credit facilities, and the ability to close out market positions.
the group aims to maintain sufficient cash internally for working capital purposes and, from time to time, may utilize excess cash of related companies.
the group also aims at maintaining flexibility in funding by keeping committed banking credit facilities.
the group primarily carries out dealing in and financing of listed securities and accepts only marketable securities which are readily convertible into cash as collateral.
in addition, the group ensures that exposures to a single client and to a single security comply with the group's credit policies and the relevant regulations.
the group's current financial liabilities will all mature within one year.
the group's non-current financial liabilities have maturities of 2 years 31 december 2021: 3 years . vii fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities fair value of the group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
some of the group's financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
the following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in particular, the valuation techniques and inputs used . note: there is no table shown in the provided image related to fair value.
financial instruments valuation 2022 and 2021 table: fair value of financial assets and liabilities financial assets/liabilities: other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss see note 9 , fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 131,519,455, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 132,291,206, fair value hierarchy level: 1, valuation technique s and key input s : quoted bid prices of an active market., significant unobservable input s : n/a financial assets/liabilities: quoted equity securities, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 25,843,385, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 23,953,894, fair value hierarchy level: 1, valuation technique s and key input s : quoted bid prices of an active market., significant unobservable input s : n/a financial assets/liabilities: unquoted equity securities, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 182,742, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 190,789, fair value hierarchy level: 2, valuation technique s and key input s : discounted cash flow.
future cash flows are estimated based on contractual terms, discounted at rates based upon market-related rates for similar instruments as at the end of the reporting period., significant unobservable input s : n/a financial assets/liabilities: unquoted debt securities, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 13,022,273, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 28,865,863, fair value hierarchy level: 2, valuation technique s and key input s : discounted cash flow.
future cash flows are estimated based on contractual terms, discounted at rates based upon market-related rates for similar instruments as at the end of the reporting period., significant unobservable input s : n/a financial assets/liabilities: unit trusts, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 15,279,861, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 237,074,620, fair value hierarchy level: 1, valuation technique s and key input s : published bid values., significant unobservable input s : n/a financial assets/liabilities: unquoted investment in private fund, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 4,739,842, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 18,242,500, fair value hierarchy level: 3, valuation technique s and key input s : net asset value., significant unobservable input s : net asset value.
financial assets/liabilities: government debt securities, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 91,504,904, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: -, fair value hierarchy level: 1, valuation technique s and key input s : quoted bid prices of an active market., significant unobservable input s : n/a financial assets/liabilities: forward foreign exchange contracts, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 7,283, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 10,772, fair value hierarchy level: 2, valuation technique s and key input s : broker quotations., significant unobservable input s : n/a financial assets/liabilities: equity derivatives, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2022: 30,421,677, fair value as at $ - 31 december 2021: 48,431,312, fair value hierarchy level: 2, valuation technique s and key input s : broker quotations., significant unobservable input s : n/a table end.
note: this table summarizes the fair value of financial assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, categorized by instrument type and valuation level.
further details are available in note 9 and note 11 of the annual report.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 table: fair value hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities financial assets/liabilities: trade and other receivables see note 8 , assets: 217,307,216, liabilities: 267,954,268, fair value hierarchy level: 3, valuation technique s and key input s : discounted cash flow model/transaction pricing including recent acquisition or transactions/non-binding broker quotation price-based note a , significant unobservable input s : comparable bond price/broker quoted price, ranging from $33 to $75 per $100 par value 31 december 2021: $33 to $75 per $100 par value . financial assets/liabilities: loan receivables designated as at fair value through profit or loss, fair value hierarchy level: 3 financial assets/liabilities: debts issued see note 22 , fair value as at $ 31 december 2022: 195,906,465, fair value as at $ 31 december 2021: 232,197,023, fair value hierarchy level: 3 financial assets/liabilities: notes issued, designated as at fair value through profit or loss, fair value as at $ 31 december 2022: 23,511,723, fair value as at $ 31 december 2021: 38,181,873, fair value hierarchy level: 3 financial assets/liabilities: trade and other payables see note 19 , fair value hierarchy level: 3 financial assets/liabilities: trade payables, designated as at fair value through profit or loss, fair value hierarchy level: 3 table end.
a the group may also apply a price-based methodology, which utilises, where available, quoted prices or other market information obtained from recent trading activity in positions with the same or similar characteristics to the position being valued.
the market activity and the amount of the bid-ask spread are among the factors considered in determining the liquidity of markets and the observability of prices from those markets.
when less liquidity exists for a security or loan, the “price” inputs are considered unobservable and the fair value measurements are classified as level 3 see below . significant assumptions in determining fair value of financial assets and liabilities derivative financial instruments - at fair value through profit or loss the group uses widely recognized valuation models for determining fair values of over-the-counter interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts.
the most frequently applied valuation technique includes forward pricing and swap models, using present value calculations.
the models incorporate various inputs including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves.
for equity derivative contracts, the group measures their fair values based on broker quotations provided by external parties.
these broker quotations are developed by independent external parties, which utilizes observable market inputs such as volatility and exchange traded price of the underlying equity security.
for these financial instruments, inputs used to derive the valuations are market observable and are therefore included within level 2. financial assets/liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss loan receivables and structured liabilities which were designated as at fair value through profit or loss are categorized in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
the fair value of the loan receivables may be estimated from the market price on a similar recently executed transaction that the group has entered into, valuations provided by an external valuation specialist or non-binding broker quotations obtained from an independent external party.
valuations provided by external valuation specialists and non-binding broker quotation are used as the primary basis for valuation when there is limited, or no, relevant market activity for a specific instrument or for other instruments that share similar characteristic.
these valuations and non-binding broker quotations are developed by independent external parties, which are based on discounted cash flow model or inputs such as the last transaction price of illiquid quoted securities and recently executed transactions of similar assets to which the group is not a party of.
broker quotations are typically used for the group's structuring of any new structured transactions and also used by the finance department on a quarterly basis in determining if the fair value of these loan receivables is reasonable.
on a periodic basis, the group will obtain an understanding from the independent external valuation specialist and broker on the valuation techniques used in deriving the valuations and will also challenge any significant inputs or methods used.
in addition, the group will also assess for any changes in the underlying credit worthiness of these loan receivables using public information which will be used to validate the movement and consider for any adjustments to be made to the underlying loan receivables.
any adjustment to the fair value of the trade receivables would also result in an adjustment to the debts issued and trade payables with no resulting impact to the profit and loss.
the fair value of the loan receivables will be adjusted for all changes in risks and information since that transaction date or non-binding broker quotations based on publicly available information if necessary.
in 2022 and 2021, there has been no adjustment made to the external specialist valuations and non-binding broker quotations for determining the fair value of these loan receivables.
investment in fund investment in fund comprises an investment in a private fund that is not quoted in an active market.
the fair value of the investment is derived based on the group's share of the net asset value of the fund as at the end of the reporting period.
debts issued debts issued comprise credit-linked notes underpinned by certain loan receivables designated as referenced assets.
the credit-linked clauses in these notes allow the group to deliver the underlying referenced assets to the noteholders as full and final settlement upon the occurrence of a credit event.
the notes will be redeemed at carrying amount on the maturity date provided that there is no occurrence of a credit event.
these notes can also be redeemed prior to maturity date, which are repayable on demand at the option of either the noteholder or the group, through physical delivery of the underlying referenced assets.
trade payables trade payables to third parties designated as at fair value through profit or loss are fully funded loan participation and equity participation amounts that were received by the group.
included in the loan participation and equity participation agreements are credit-linked clauses or delivery options that allow the group to deliver the underlying referenced assets to the participants as full and final settlement at the group's discretion.
these notes and participation arrangements are designed to mitigate the group's exposure to credit risk on the underlying referenced assets, and their fair values are determined with reference to the fair value of the underlying loan receivables held as assets.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 the company the company had no financial assets or liabilities carried at fair value in 2022 and 2021. there were no significant transfers between level 1 and level 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the current or prior year.
reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurements : 2022 : opening balance, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 286,196,768, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 270,378,896 : disposals/settlements, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 58,932,726 , financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 50,112,989 : additions, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 1,062,796, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 1,062,353 : fair value changes, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 6,279,780 , financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 1,910,072 : ending balance, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 222,047,058, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 219,418,188 : 2021 : opening balance, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 340,922,238, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 325,529,963 : disposals/settlements, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 84,963,640 , financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 85,006,563 : additions, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 1,197,966, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 1,244,605 : fair value changes, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 29,040,204, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 28,610,891 : ending balance, financial assets mandatorily measured/designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 286,196,768, financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss $ : 270,378,896 table end.
fair value of the group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other current receivables and payables and other liabilities approximate their respective fair values due to the relatively short-term maturity or frequent repricing of these financial instruments.
the carrying amount of debts issued and the assets underpinning them approximate their respective fair values due to their relatively short-term maturity or frequent repricing.
the fair values of other classes of financial assets and liabilities are disclosed in the respective notes to financial statements.
d capital risk management policies and objectives the group's main objective when managing capital is to maximise shareholders' returns and at the same time conduct its business within prudent guidelines.
management strives to maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximise shareholder value.
to achieve this, the group may adjust the amount of dividend payment and source for borrowings from banks which provide facilities that best meet its needs at competitive rates.
the capital structure of the group consists of equity attributable to owners of the parent, comprising issued capital, reserves and retained earnings.
the group is in compliance with all externally imposed capital requirements for the financial years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021. the group's overall strategy remains unchanged from 2021. significant related party transactions a trading transactions the group acts as brokers in securities for certain related companies, directors of the company and its subsidiaries, and their connected persons.
during the year, the group entered into the following trading transactions: table: commission income received from directors year: 2022, the group: $59,180 year: 2021, the group: $92,735 table end.
in addition to the above, significant related party transactions during the year were as follows: table: related party transactions transaction: rental of premises paid/payable, 2022: $288,650 , 2021: $292,173 transaction: rental of premises received/receivable, 2022: $535,536, 2021: $535,536 table end.
related party transactions were made on terms agreed between the parties concerned.
no expense was recognized for expected credit losses on amounts owed by the related party.
b key management personnel compensation table: key management personnel compensation item: salaries and other short-term employee benefits, 2022: $16,019,166, 2021: $22,562,541 item: employer's contribution to defined contribution plans, including central provident fund, 2022: $174,393, 2021: $190,213 item: total , 2022: $16,193,559, 2021: $22,752,754 table end.
c banking facilities the group has banking facilities from united overseas bank limited group as defined in the sgx-st listing manual . outstanding borrowings as at 31 december 2022 and 31 december 2021 are disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.
6. cash and cash equivalents the group item: bank balances with: item: - related parties, 31 december 2022 $ : 303,476,928, 31 december 2021 $ : 132,282,905 item: - non-related banks, 31 december 2022 $ : 682,476,969, 31 december 2021 $ : 412,282,082 item: cash on hand, 31 december 2022 $ : 22,530, 31 december 2021 $ : 25,391 item: fixed deposits with: item: - non-related banks, 31 december 2022 $ : 985,976,427, 31 december 2021 $ : 544,590,378 item: cash and bank balances , 31 december 2022 $ : 1,244,057,082 , 31 december 2021 $ : 547,593,513 table end.
the company item: bank balances with: item: - related parties, 31 december 2022 $ : 518,731, 31 december 2021 $ : 768,418 item: - non-related banks, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: cash on hand, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: fixed deposits with: item: - non-related banks, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: cash and bank balances , 31 december 2022 $ : 518,731 , 31 december 2021 $ : 768,418 table end.
at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of cash and bank balances approximate their fair values.
included in cash and bank balances are uninvested monies in a segregated account amounting to $10,409,665 31 december 2021: $8,107,348 held by the group as part of its "cash management service" product activities.
fixed deposits bear average effective interest rates of 5.4% 31 december 2021: 0.001% per annum and are for a tenure of approximately 53 days 31 december 2021: 5 days . cash and cash equivalents do not include trust bank balances that represent monies held on behalf of clients and segregated in accordance with the requirements of the sgx-st rules and the local regulations in the respective countries.
accordingly, they do not form part of the statement of financial position of the group.
for the purpose of presenting the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash and cash equivalents comprise the following: the group item: cash and bank balances as above , 31 december 2022 $ : 1,244,057,082, 31 december 2021 $ : 547,593,513 item: less: bank overdrafts note 20 , 31 december 2022 $ : 10,854,941 , 31 december 2021 $ : 9,169,214 item: cash and cash equivalents , 31 december 2022 $ : 1,233,202,141 , 31 december 2021 $ : 538,424,299 table end.
7. outstanding contracts receivable/payable outstanding contracts receivable and payable represent amounts receivable or payable in respect of trades which have been executed on an exchange prior to the end of the reporting period and have not been settled as at the end of the reporting period.
a outstanding contracts receivable comprises the following: due from third parties 31 december 2022 $ : 713,034,848, 31 december 2021 $ : 568,138,777 table end.
b outstanding contracts payable comprises the following: due to third parties 31 december 2022 $ : 669,571,869, 31 december 2021 $ : 553,407,517 table end.
the carrying amounts of outstanding contracts receivable and payable approximate their fair values due to the relatively short-term maturity of these financial instruments.
8. trade and other receivables : trade receivables from third parties note 8 a , the group 31 december 2022 $ : 1,228,655,868, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 1,916,425,118, the company 31 december 2022 $ : -, the company 31 december 2021 $ : - : other loan receivables: : at amortised cost note 8 b , the group 31 december 2022 $ : 537,103,424, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 634,430,612, the company 31 december 2022 $ : -, the company 31 december 2021 $ : - : designated as at fair value through profit or loss note 8 c , the group 31 december 2022 $ : 217,307,216, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 267,954,268, the company 31 december 2022 $ : -, the company 31 december 2021 $ : - : less: allowance for impairment of trade and other receivables individually assessed, the group 31 december 2022 $ : 32,596,221 , the group 31 december 2021 $ : 20,304,145 , the company 31 december 2022 $ : -, the company 31 december 2021 $ : - the group 31 december 2022 $ : 1,950,470,287, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 2,798,505,853, the company 31 december 2022 $ : -, the company 31 december 2021 $ : - : other receivables from subsidiary: : at amortised cost, the group 31 december 2022 $ : 201,354, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 202,733, the company 31 december 2022 $ : 201,354, the company 31 december 2021 $ : 202,733 the group 31 december 2022 $ : 1,950,470,287, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 2,798,505,853, the company 31 december 2022 $ : 201,354, the company 31 december 2021 $ : 202,733 : current trade and other receivables recoverable within 12 months , the group 31 december 2022 $ : 1,739,528,450, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 2,499,187,000, the company 31 december 2022 $ : -, the company 31 december 2021 $ : - : non-current trade and other receivables recoverable after 12 months , the group 31 december 2022 $ : 210,941,837, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 299,318,853, the company 31 december 2022 $ : -, the company 31 december 2021 $ : - the group 31 december 2022 $ : 1,950,470,287, the group 31 december 2021 $ : 2,798,505,853, the company 31 december 2022 $ : 201,354, the company 31 december 2021 $ : 202,733 table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 a trade receivables include margin loans.
b other loan receivables at amortized cost comprise of loan assets from the group’s lending business.
included in these other loan receivables are structured loans receivables amounting to: $35,997,921 31 december 2021: $47,334,201 maturity dates ranging from june 2023 to july 2024 31 december 2021: june 2022 to january 2025 effective interest rates ranging from 1.00% to 6.26% per annum 31 december 2021: 1.00% to 6.26% per annum . these structured loan receivables have been designated as the referenced assets for certain debts issued by the group note 22 , or are subject to fully funded loan participation agreements where the related participation payables are recorded under trade payables to third parties at amortized cost note 19 . c included in these other loan receivables designated as at fair value through profit or loss are: i medium term notes and distressed debts purchased at a deep discount: amounting to $195,915,332 31 december 2021: $232,204,320 maturities ranging from march 2024 to february 2039 31 december 2021: from march 2024 to february 2039 . these medium-term notes bear effective interest rates ranging from 2.12% to 13.33% per annum 31 december 2021: 2.12% to 13.33% per annum . the effective interest rate realized for distressed debts is 9.44% per annum 31 december 2021: 8.84% per annum . these medium-term notes and distressed debts have been designated as the referenced assets for certain debts issued by the group note 22 under certain structured transactions entered into by the group, which have the carrying amount of $195,906,465 31 december 2021: $232,197,023 and maturities ranging from march 2024 to february 2039 31 december 2021: from march 2024 to february 2039 . ii structured loan receivables: amounting to $21,391,884 31 december 2021: $35,749,948 maturities ranging from may 2024 to december 2024 31 december 2021: from march 2022 to december 2024 subject to fully funded loan participation agreements.
these structured loan receivables bear fixed interest rates ranging from 3.0% to 6.0% per annum 31 december 2021: 3.0% to 6.0% per annum . the related participation payables are recorded under trade payables to third parties designated at fair value through profit or loss note 19 , which have the carrying amount of $21,391,884 31 december 2021: $35,748,422 and maturities ranging from may 2024 to december 2024 31 december 2021: from march 2022 to december 2024 . the net exposure to credit risk from these loan receivables designated as the referenced assets or subject to participation is mitigated through the credit-linked clauses in the credit-linked notes and fully funded loan participation agreements.
the notes and structured loan receivables will be redeemed at carrying amount on the maturity date provided that there is no occurrence of a credit event.
they can also be redeemed prior to maturity date through physical delivery of the underlying referenced assets at the option of either the noteholder or the group and are designed to mitigate the group’s exposure to credit risk on the underlying referenced assets.
given that the loan receivables have been designated as referenced assets, they have been classified as current assets consistent with the underlying liabilities.
concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables is limited due to the group’s diversified customer base.
management believes that there is no anticipated additional credit risk beyond the amount of allowance for impairment made in the group’s trade receivables.
trade receivables from third parties bear interest at market rates.
loss allowance for trade receivables has been measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses ecl . the ecl on trade receivables are estimated using a provision matrix by reference to past default experience of the debtor and an analysis of the debtor’s current financial position, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date.
at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of trade and other receivables carried at amortized cost approximate their fair value due to the relatively short-term maturity or frequent repricing of the financial instruments.
the exposure to interest rate risks of trade and other receivables is disclosed in note 4 c iii . 9. other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss include certain quoted equity securities that are held by the group for the purpose of hedging clients’ open positions, unit trusts and government debt securities in segregated accounts which are held by the group as part of its “cash management service” product activities and investments that offer the group the opportunity for return through dividend income and fair value gains.
except for the investments in quoted and unquoted debt securities, they have no fixed maturity or coupon rate.
the fair values of the quoted equity securities and debt securities are based on closing quoted market prices on the last market day of the financial year.
the fair values of the unquoted debt securities are computed on the discounted cash flow basis using discount rates based upon market-related rates for similar instruments as at the end of the reporting period.
the investments in unquoted debt securities of $13,022,273 31 december 2021: $28,865,863 , represents investments in debt securities of private sectors in thailand.
in 2022, the unquoted equity securities amounting to $182,742 31 december 2021: $190,789 in thailand represent an overseas subsidiary’s subscription to shares in a non-listed company set up by an overseas exchange in 1996. the fair value of the investment in private fund is based on its recent net asset value.
10. other current assets notes to financial statements continued a the non-trade amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
b included in deposits is an amount of $1,916,612 31 december 2021: $2,416,612 placed by a subsidiary as collateral with the central depository pte limited by virtue of the subsidiary being a clearing member of the singapore exchange securities trading limited note 33 . c securities borrowing and lending contracts the group item: securities borrowed, 31 december 2022 $ : 555,183, 31 december 2021 $ : 1,048,871 item: securities lent, 31 december 2022 $ : 555,183, 31 december 2021 $ : 1,048,871 table end.
derivative financial instruments the group forward foreign exchange contracts in order to manage the risks arising from fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the group utilises forward foreign exchange contracts with settlement dates ranging between 3 to 5 days 31 december 2021: between 4 to 6 days . forward foreign exchange contracts are entered into from time to time to manage exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on trade receivables and payables.
table: forward foreign exchange contracts outstanding at the end of the reporting period : contract or underlying principal amount, 31 dec 2022 $ : 6,238,502, 31 dec 2021 $ : 39,887,291, 31 dec 2022 $ : 7,283, 31 dec 2021 $ : 9,775, 31 dec 2022 $ : 10,772, 31 dec 2021 $ : 28,861 : the group, settlement dates of open contracts: within one week after end of reporting period table end.
equity derivatives equity derivative financial instruments arise from customer transactions and are covered back-to-back by offsetting transactions with third-party issuers.
the contractual or underlying principal amounts of these equity derivative financial instruments and their corresponding gross fair values at the end of the reporting period are shown below: contract or underlying principal amount: 31 december 2021, gross positive fair value: 31 december 2022, gross negative fair value: 31 december 2021, settlement dates of open contracts: 31 december 2022 contract or underlying principal amount: $, gross positive fair value: $, gross negative fair value: $, settlement dates of open contracts: $ : the group : equity derivatives , contract or underlying principal amount: 521,769,930, gross positive fair value: 30,421,677, gross negative fair value: 48,431,312, settlement dates of open contracts: within 2 years after the end of the reporting period.
goodwill cost: at 1 january 2021: $24,032,632 exchange differences at 31 december 2021: $1,120,791 at 31 december 2021: $22,911,841 exchange differences at 31 december 2022: $570,881 at 31 december 2022: $22,340,960 impairment: at 1 january 2021: $9,331,985 impairment loss note 28 at 31 december 2021: $240,967 at 31 december 2021: $9,572,952 impairment loss note 28 at 31 december 2022: $618,708 at 31 december 2022: $10,191,660 carrying amount: at 31 december 2022: $12,149,300 at 31 december 2021: $13,338,889 goodwill arose in the acquisitions entered into by the group in prior and current years because the cost of combination included the benefits of a larger client base, future market developments and revenue growth.
these benefits were not recognised separately from goodwill because they did not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the cash-generating units “cgus” that are expected to benefit from that business combination.
before recognition of impairment losses, the carrying amount of goodwill had been allocated as follows: table: goodwill allocation by region 31 december 2022 & 2021 region: thailand, 31 december 2022 $ : 17,578,482, 31 december 2021 $ : 18,086,664 region: malaysia, 31 december 2022 $ : 4,762,478, 31 december 2021 $ : 4,825,177 region: total , 31 december 2022 $ : 22,340,960 , 31 december 2021 $ : 22,911,841 table end.
the group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be impaired.
the recoverable amounts of the cgus are determined based on value-in-use calculations.
the value-in-use calculations apply a discounted cash flow model using cash flow projections based on financial budgets and forecasts approved by management.
the key assumptions used in the calculation of value-in-use are operating profit margins, growth rates and discount rates.
a cash flow forecasts from the thailand cgu are based on: an estimated profit margin of 34.00% 31 december 2021: 32.48% an estimated growth rate of 1.50% 31 december 2021: 1.50% a weighted average cost of capital of 10.84% 31 december 2021: 9.00% per annum.
as at 31 december 2022 and 31 december 2021, any reasonably possible change to the key assumptions applied is not likely to cause the recoverable amounts to be below the carrying amounts of the cgu.
as at 31 december 2022, before impairment testing, goodwill of $17.6 million 31 december 2021: $18.1 million was allocated to the thailand cgu.
accumulated impairment loss as of 31 december 2022 was $6.5 million 31 december 2021: $5.9 million . in 2022 and 2021, due to resignation of marketing officers transferred from the previous acquisitions, the group has revised its cash flow forecasts for this cgu.
the thailand cgu has therefore been reduced to its recoverable amount through recognition of an impairment loss against goodwill of $0.6 million 31 december 2021: $0.2 million . b goodwill allocated to the malaysia cgu includes: the business of a financial advisory company in malaysia which is licensed under both bank negara malaysia and securities commission of malaysia that was acquired in 2020. 13. other intangible assets the group cost: at 1 january 2021, 31 december 2021 and 31 december 2022 $2,277,314 amortisation: at 1 january 2021 $ 1,382,090 amortisation for the year note 28 $ 895,224 at 31 december 2021 and 31 december 2022 $ 2,277,314 carrying amount: at 31 december 2021 and 31 december 2022 $ - 14. subsidiaries equity investments at cost: at beginning and end of the year $363,860,486 details of subsidiaries are included in note 36 to the financial statements.
the following schedule shows the effect of changes in the group’s ownership interest in a subsidiary, uob kay hian securities thailand public company limited, that did not result in a change of control on the equity attributable to owners of the parent.
table: subsidiary equity changes item: amounts paid to acquire additional interest in a subsidiary, 31 december 2022: -, 31 december 2021: $125,589 item: non-controlling interest acquired, 31 december 2022: -, 31 december 2021: $ 271,559 item: statutory reserve transferred from non-controlling interest, 31 december 2022: -, 31 december 2021: $3,230 item: difference recognised in equity reserve, 31 december 2022: -, 31 december 2021: $ 142,740 item: total movement in equity reserve note 24 , 31 december 2022: -, 31 december 2021: $ 142,740 table end.
there are no footnotes in this section.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 15. right-of-use assets the group leases several assets including buildings, office space and motor vehicles.
the average lease term is 3 years 2021: 3 years . item: cost: item: at 1 january 2021, buildings and office space $ : 23,979,880, motor vehicles $ : 221,000, total $ : 24,200,880 item: additions, buildings and office space $ : 3,037,472, motor vehicles $ : 28,005, total $ : 3,065,477 item: currency translation differences, buildings and office space $ : 335,628 , motor vehicles $ : 18,065 , total $ : 353,693 item: at 31 december 2021, buildings and office space $ : 26,681,724, motor vehicles $ : 230,940, total $ : 26,912,664 item: additions, buildings and office space $ : 15,428,651, motor vehicles $ : -, total $ : 15,428,651 item: currency translation differences, buildings and office space $ : 693,007 , motor vehicles $ : 9,741 , total $ : 702,748 item: at 31 december 2022, buildings and office space $ : 41,417,368, motor vehicles $ : 221,199, total $ : 41,638,567 item: accumulated depreciation: item: at 1 january 2021, buildings and office space $ : 9,938,722 , motor vehicles $ : 103,649 , total $ : 10,042,371 item: depreciation, buildings and office space $ : 6,072,160 , motor vehicles $ : 53,446 , total $ : 6,125,606 item: currency translation differences, buildings and office space $ : 215,682, motor vehicles $ : 10,129, total $ : 225,811 item: at 31 december 2021, buildings and office space $ : 15,795,200 , motor vehicles $ : 146,966 , total $ : 15,942,166 item: depreciation, buildings and office space $ : 6,205,250 , motor vehicles $ : 40,226 , total $ : 6,245,476 item: currency translation differences, buildings and office space $ : 579,847, motor vehicles $ : 6,656, total $ : 586,503 item: at 31 december 2022, buildings and office space $ : 21,420,603 , motor vehicles $ : 180,536 , total $ : 21,601,139 item: carrying amount: item: at 31 december 2022, buildings and office space $ : 19,996,765, motor vehicles $ : 40,663, total $ : 20,037,428 item: at 31 december 2021, buildings and office space $ : 10,886,524, motor vehicles $ : 83,974, total $ : 10,970,498 table end.
during the year ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, certain leases for buildings and office space expired.
the expired contracts were replaced by new leases for identical underlying assets.
this resulted in additions to right of use assets of $15,428,651 31 december 2021: $3,065,477 . 16. trading rights in exchanges/memberships in exchanges a trading rights in exchanges trading rights in the stock exchange of hong kong limited, hong kong futures exchange limited and philippine stock exchange, inc.
at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
item: trading rights, 31 december 2022 $ : 91,082, 31 december 2021 $ : 94,859 table end.
there is no impairment loss recognised for the year ended 31 december 2022 and 31 december 2021. reconciliation of trading rights in exchanges the following is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of trading rights in exchanges at the beginning and end of the reporting period: the group item: at 1 january 2021 item: currency translation differences item: at 31 december 2021 item: currency translation differences item: at 31 december 2022, 31 december 2022: $91,082 table end.
memberships in exchanges memberships in the stock exchange of thailand and jakarta stock exchange, at amortised cost less accumulated impairment losses.
there is no impairment loss recognised for the year ended 31 december 2022 and 31 december 2021. year: memberships, 31 december 2022: $207,783, 31 december 2021: $217,583 table end.
reconciliation of memberships in exchanges the following is a reconciliation of the carrying amount of memberships in exchanges at the beginning and end of the reporting period: the group item: at 1 january 2021 item: currency translation differences item: at 31 december 2021 item: currency translation differences item: at 31 december 2022, 31 december 2022: $207,783 table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 property, plant and equipment table: property, plant and equipment cost and accumulated depreciation item: buildings, 1 jan 2021: 35,078,317, additions: 161,985, disposals: 102,087 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 46,983 , 31 dec 2021: 35,031,334, additions: 163,029, disposals: 98,357 , currency translation differences: 146,049 , 31 dec 2022: 34,885,285, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 27,992,781, depreciation charge: 2,405,379, disposals: 111,913 , currency translation differences: 29,607 , 31 dec 2021: 30,368,553, depreciation charge: 2,413,298, disposals: 101,721 , currency translation differences: 95,754 , 31 dec 2022: 32,686,097, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 2,199,188, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 4,662,781 item: leasehold land, 1 jan 2021: 35,836,409, additions: 163,029, disposals: 98,357 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 14,223 , 31 dec 2021: 35,822,186, additions: 1,939,298, disposals: 252,220 , currency translation differences: 44,210 , 31 dec 2022: 35,777,976, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 28,455,859, depreciation charge: 2,548,470, disposals: 19,271 , currency translation differences: 140 , 31 dec 2021: 31,004,189, depreciation charge: 2,548,440, disposals: 89,408 , currency translation differences: 500 , 31 dec 2022: 33,552,129, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 2,225,847, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 4,817,997 item: leasehold improvements, 1 jan 2021: 13,643,435, additions: 1,939,298, disposals: 252,220 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 322,134 , 31 dec 2021: 14,546,627, additions: 25,557, disposals: 277,187 , currency translation differences: 264,164 , 31 dec 2022: 14,213,090, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 9,976,771, depreciation charge: 1,213,237, disposals: 1,273,967 , currency translation differences: 105,787 , 31 dec 2021: 10,821,371, depreciation charge: 1,452,584, disposals: 277,186 , currency translation differences: 237,457 , 31 dec 2022: 11,819,161, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 2,393,929, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 3,725,256 item: furniture, fittings & office equipment, 1 jan 2021: 9,487,108, additions: 25,557, disposals: 277,187 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 119,263 , 31 dec 2021: 9,554,822, additions: 369,911, disposals: 729,851 , currency translation differences: 1,046,972 , 31 dec 2022: 9,271,264, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 8,260,173, depreciation charge: 480,864, disposals: 93,500 , currency translation differences: 256,885 , 31 dec 2021: 8,615,979, depreciation charge: 413,232, disposals: 246,542 , currency translation differences: 757,021 , 31 dec 2022: 8,620,679, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 650,585, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 938,843 item: computer equipment & software, 1 jan 2021: 45,673,496, additions: 369,911, disposals: 729,851 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 917,171 , 31 dec 2021: 46,771,681, additions: 3,320,230, disposals: 1,304,874 , currency translation differences: 28,055 , 31 dec 2022: 47,411,787, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 33,779,344, depreciation charge: 5,160,848, disposals: 40,071 , currency translation differences: 110,675 , 31 dec 2021: 36,965,948, depreciation charge: 4,163,328, disposals: 714,857 , currency translation differences: 25,954 , 31 dec 2022: 40,125,713, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 7,286,074, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 9,805,733 item: communication equipment, 1 jan 2021: 1,562,569, additions: 8,364, disposals: 93,500 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 4,876, 31 dec 2021: 1,482,309, additions: 18,143, disposals: 40,071 , currency translation differences: 110,675 , 31 dec 2022: 1,479,811, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 1,514,340, depreciation charge: 243,639, disposals: 93,500 , currency translation differences: 1,178,675 , 31 dec 2021: 1,443,893, depreciation charge: 187,392, disposals: 81,667 , currency translation differences: 88,207 , 31 dec 2022: 1,586,015, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 45,375, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 38,416 item: motor vehicles, 1 jan 2021: 2,238,071, additions: 165,807, disposals: 40,071 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 116,690 , 31 dec 2021: 2,247,117, additions: 243,639, disposals: 1,538,722 , currency translation differences: 1,931,632 , 31 dec 2022: 2,229,166, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 1,651,498, depreciation charge: 243,639, disposals: -, currency translation differences: -, 31 dec 2021: 1,764,016, depreciation charge: 187,392, disposals: -, currency translation differences: -, 31 dec 2022: 1,586,015, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 643,151, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 483,101 item: total , 1 jan 2021: 143,519,405, additions: 2,659,780, disposals: 1,635,327 , write-off: -, currency translation differences: 1,531,588 , 31 dec 2021: 145,456,076, additions: 11,194,771, disposals: 1,538,722 , currency translation differences: 1,531,588 , 31 dec 2022: 145,268,379, accumulated depreciation 1 jan 2021: 111,630,766, depreciation charge: 12,070,580, disposals: 1,538,722 , currency translation differences: 1,178,675 , 31 dec 2021: 120,983,949, depreciation charge: 11,194,771, disposals: 1,461,778 , currency translation differences: 757,021 , 31 dec 2022: 129,824,230, carrying amount 31 dec 2022: 15,444,149, carrying amount 31 dec 2021: 24,472,127 table end.
note: the group has pledged property, plant and equipment having a carrying amount of approximately $3.1 million 31 december 2021: $6.5 million to secure banking facilities granted to the group note 20 . 18. deferred tax deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate to the same tax authority.
the amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown on the statement of financial position as follows: deferred tax assets item: deferred tax assets, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,675,633, 31 december 2021 $ : 1,511,575 item: deferred tax liabilities, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,869,221 , 31 december 2021 $ : 2,201,299 table end.
the following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized by the group and the movement thereon, during the current and prior reporting periods: deferred tax assets - the group item: at 1 january 2021, fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : 29,110, tax losses $ : 1,509,557, total $ : 1,538,667 item: credited to profit or loss note 29 , fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : -, tax losses $ : 87,654, total $ : 87,654 item: currency translation differences, fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : -, tax losses $ : 89,858 , total $ : 90,140 item: defined benefit plans note 29 , fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : -, tax losses $ : 24,606 , total $ : 24,606 item: at 31 december 2021, fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : 4,222, tax losses $ : 1,507,353, total $ : 1,511,575 item: credited to profit or loss note 29 , fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : 48,113, tax losses $ : 223,934, total $ : 272,047 item: currency translation differences, fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : 18,629, tax losses $ : 103,767 , total $ : 85,138 item: defined benefit plans note 29 , fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : 22,851 , tax losses $ : -, total $ : 22,851 item: at 31 december 2022, fair value losses/employee benefits/actuarial losses $ : 48,113, tax losses $ : 1,627,520, total $ : 1,675,633 table end.
deferred tax liabilities - the group item: at 1 january 2021, fair value gains losses $ : 460,952 , accelerated tax depreciation $ : 1,842,770 , total $ : 2,303,722 item: credited to profit or loss note 29 , fair value gains losses $ : -, accelerated tax depreciation $ : 13,004, total $ : 13,004 item: currency translation differences, fair value gains losses $ : 17,111, accelerated tax depreciation $ : 72,308, total $ : 89,419 item: at 31 december 2021, fair value gains losses $ : 443,841 , accelerated tax depreciation $ : 1,757,458 , total $ : 2,201,299 item: credited to profit or loss note 29 , fair value gains losses $ : 40,425, accelerated tax depreciation $ : 254,327, total $ : 254,327 item: currency translation differences, fair value gains losses $ : -, accelerated tax depreciation $ : 37,326, total $ : 77,751 item: at 31 december 2022, fair value gains losses $ : 403,416 , accelerated tax depreciation $ : 1,465,805 , total $ : 1,869,221 table end.
19. trade and other payables the group item: trade payables to third parties: at amortised cost, 31 december 2022 $ : 254,287,215, 31 december 2021 $ : 507,645,057 item: participation trade payables: at amortised cost, 31 december 2022 $ : 20,002,763, 31 december 2021 $ : 20,002,632 item: designated as at fair value through profit or loss, 31 december 2022 $ : 23,511,723, 31 december 2021 $ : 38,181,873 item: accrued operating expenses, 31 december 2022 $ : 81,184,310, 31 december 2021 $ : 86,556,787 item: amount due to subsidiaries, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: other payables, 31 december 2022 $ : 21,364,974, 31 december 2021 $ : 22,131,601 item: total , 31 december 2022 $ : 400,350,985 , 31 december 2021 $ : 674,517,950 table end.
analysed as: item: current, 31 december 2022 $ : 378,732,985, 31 december 2021 $ : 652,660,977 item: non-current, 31 december 2022 $ : 21,618,000, 31 december 2021 $ : 21,856,973 item: total , 31 december 2022 $ : 400,350,985 , 31 december 2021 $ : 674,517,950 table end.
the company item: trade payables to third parties: at amortised cost, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: participation trade payables: at amortised cost, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: designated as at fair value through profit or loss, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: accrued operating expenses, 31 december 2022 $ : 7,060,175, 31 december 2021 $ : 6,390,674 item: amount due to subsidiaries, 31 december 2022 $ : 49,280,165, 31 december 2021 $ : 47,080,958 item: other payables, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: total , 31 december 2022 $ : 56,340,340 , 31 december 2021 $ : 53,471,632 table end.
analysed as: item: current, 31 december 2022 $ : 56,340,340, 31 december 2021 $ : 53,471,632 item: non-current, 31 december 2022 $ : -, 31 december 2021 $ : - item: total , 31 december 2022 $ : 56,340,340 , 31 december 2021 $ : 53,471,632 table end.
the amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
participation trade payables comprise of fully funded loan participation and equity participation amounts that were received by the group.
the related loan participation and equity participation agreements include credit-linked clauses or delivery options that allow the group to deliver the underlying referenced assets to the participants as full and final settlement at the group's discretion.
the loan participation agreements will be terminated on the maturity date.
the referenced assets underpinning these participation trade payables have carrying amount of $41,281,605 31 december 2021: $54,701,599 in trade and other receivables note 8 , and $2,119,838 31 december 2021: $2,433,451 in other financial assets, at fvtpl note 9 . the carrying amounts of these participation trade payables, which are repayable on demand, approximate the fair values of the underlying referenced assets.
accrued operating expenses include the employee benefit obligations amounting to $5,575,030 31 december 2021: $5,283,939 and $1,123,281 31 december 2021: $1,180,774 arising from post-employment benefit plans operated under thailand labour protection act and indonesia labour law respectively by subsidiaries of the company.
details of the relevant information of employee benefit obligations are set out in note 37 to the financial statements.
the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values.
borrowings current bank overdrafts: with related parties note 5 c : $9,667,619 2022 , $4,798,311 2021 with non-related banks: $1,187,322 2022 , $4,370,903 2021 short-term bank loans: with related parties note 5 c : $350,975,933 2022 , $541,364,216 2021 , $3,600,000 2022 company , $4,454,650 2021 company with non-related banks: $781,348,207 2022 , $640,500,579 2021 , $132,892,650 2022 company total borrowings: $1,143,179,081 2022 , $1,191,034,009 2021 the carrying amounts of borrowings approximate their fair values.
short-term bank loans - 31 december 2022 table: short-term bank loan details balances with: related parties, weighted average effective interest rates: 4.04% per annum, security, if any: a fixed charge over immovable fixed assets and a floating charge over all assets of a subsidiary., maturity: due within 1 month from the end of the reporting period.
balances with: non-related banks, weighted average effective interest rates: 4.75% per annum, security, if any: a fixed charge over immovable fixed assets and a floating charge over all assets of a subsidiary., maturity: due within 1 month from the end of the reporting period.
balances with: unsecured, weighted average effective interest rates: 3.8% per annum, security, if any: unsecured, maturity: due within 1 month from the end of the reporting period.
a short-term bank loan of the company with a related party bears an effective interest rate of 4.47% per annum 31 december 2021: 0.69% per annum . it is secured with a fixed charge over immovable fixed assets and a floating charge over all assets of the company and is due within 1 month 31 december 2021: 1 month from the end of the reporting period.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 31 december 2021 short-term bank loans : balances with related parties , weighted average effective interest rates: 0.81% per annum, security, if any: a fixed charge over immovable fixed assets and a floating charge over all assets of a subsidiary., maturity: due within 1 month from the end of the reporting period.
: 541,364,216 : balances with non-related banks , weighted average effective interest rates: 0.76% per annum, security, if any: a fixed charge over immovable fixed assets and a floating charge over all assets of a subsidiary., maturity: due within 1 month from the end of the reporting period.
: 634,027,679 : 6,472,900, weighted average effective interest rates: 2.55% per annum, security, if any: unsecured, maturity: due within 1 month from the end of the reporting period.
reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities the table below details changes in the group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes.
liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.
table: reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities : the group : short-term bank loans: : - with related parties, 1 january 2022 $ : 541,364,216, financing cash flows $ : 190,388,283 , new lease liabilities $ : -, foreign exchange movement $ : -, other changes i $ : -, 31 december 2022 $ : 350,975,933 : - with non-related banks, 1 january 2022 $ : 640,500,579, financing cash flows $ : 140,847,628, new lease liabilities $ : -, foreign exchange movement $ : -, other changes i $ : -, 31 december 2022 $ : 781,348,207 : lease liabilities note 21 , 1 january 2022 $ : 11,276,241, financing cash flows $ : 7,235,800 , new lease liabilities $ : 15,428,651, foreign exchange movement $ : 660,303, other changes i $ : 876,517, 31 december 2022 $ : 21,005,912 : total , 1 january 2022 $ : 1,193,141,036, financing cash flows $ : 56,776,455 , new lease liabilities $ : 15,428,651, foreign exchange movement $ : 660,303, other changes i $ : 876,517, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,153,330,052 table end.
lease liabilities the group : short-term bank loans: : - with related parties note 5 c , 1 january 2021: $675,516,257, financing cash flows: $134,152,041 , new lease liabilities: -, foreign exchange movement: -, other changes i : -, 31 december 2021: $541,364,216 : - with non-related banks, 1 january 2021: $488,044,424, financing cash flows: $152,456,155, new lease liabilities: -, foreign exchange movement: -, other changes i : -, 31 december 2021: $640,500,579 : lease liabilities note 21 , 1 january 2021: $1,163,560,681, financing cash flows: $18,304,114, new lease liabilities: -, foreign exchange movement: -, other changes i : -, 31 december 2021: $1,181,864,795 : total , 1 january 2021: $1,178,444,032, financing cash flows: $11,544,070, new lease liabilities: $3,065,477, foreign exchange movement: $378,155 , other changes i : $465,612, 31 december 2021: $1,193,141,036 table end.
i other changes include interest accruals.
lease liabilities - maturity analysis : maturity analysis: : year 1, 31 december 2022: $5,794,748, 31 december 2021: $5,811,612 : year 2, 31 december 2022: $5,403,245, 31 december 2021: $3,866,096 : year 3, 31 december 2022: $5,128,410, 31 december 2021: $2,184,303 : year 4, 31 december 2022: $3,982,824, 31 december 2021: $5,601 : year 5, 31 december 2022: $2,652,832, 31 december 2021: $3,734 : total , 31 december 2022: $22,962,059, 31 december 2021: $11,871,346 : less: unearned interest, 31 december 2022: $1,956,147 , 31 december 2021: $595,105 : total , 31 december 2022: $21,005,912, 31 december 2021: $11,276,241 : analysed as: : current, 31 december 2022: $5,045,341, 31 december 2021: $5,432,687 : non-current, 31 december 2022: $15,960,571, 31 december 2021: $5,843,554 : total , 31 december 2022: $21,005,912, 31 december 2021: $11,276,241 table end.
the group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities.
lease liabilities are monitored within the group’s finance function.
22. debts issued notes issued: at amortised cost designated as at fair value through profit or loss table: debts issued by the group date: notes issued: date: at amortised cost, 31 december 2022 $ : 43,049,407, 31 december 2021 $ : 28,382,415 date: designated as at fair value through profit or loss, 31 december 2022 $ : 195,906,465, 31 december 2021 $ : 232,197,023 date: total , 31 december 2022 $ : 238,955,872 , 31 december 2021 $ : 260,579,438 table end.
in 2010, the group established a usd1,000,000,000 multi-currency structured note programme arranged by a related party in which the group may raise funds through the issuance of notes from time to time under the programme.
the terms and conditions of notes issued have taken into consideration the terms and conditions of the corresponding underlying referenced assets note 8 . included in debts issued are notes that are issued at par with maturities ranging from march 2024 to february 2039 31 december 2021: from march 2024 to february 2039 under certain structured transactions entered into by the group amounting to $212,014,399 31 december 2021: $260,579,438 . the credit-linked clauses in the notes allow the group to deliver the underlying referenced assets note 8 b and 8 c to the noteholders as full and final settlement upon the occurrence of a credit event.
these notes can also be redeemed prior to maturity date through physical delivery of the underlying referenced assets at the option of either the noteholder or the group and are designed to mitigate the group’s exposure to credit risk on the underlying referenced assets.
the referenced assets underpinning these notes have a carrying amount of $212,023,533 31 december 2021: $260,586,870 and maturities ranging from march 2024 to february 2039 31 december 2021: from march 2024 to february 2039 . the notes with medium term notes as their underlying referenced assets bear effective interest rate ranging from 2.12% to 13.33% per annum in 2022 31 december 2021: 2.12% to 11.50% per annum . the effective interest rates realised for the notes with distressed debts as their underlying referenced assets is 9.07% per annum 31 december 2021: 7.93% per annum . the carrying amounts of debts issued, which are repayable on demand, approximate the fair values of the underlying referenced assets note 8 . 23. share capital issued and paid up: : number of ordinary shares , 2022: $, 2021: $ : at beginning of the year, 2022: 863,406,225, 2021: 836,966,171, 2022: 257,414,898, 2021: 217,887,018 : issue of shares pursuant to scrip dividend scheme note 32 , 2022: 24,609,202, 2021: 26,440,054, 2022: 34,649,756, 2021: 39,527,880 : at end of the year, 2022: 888,015,427, 2021: 863,406,225, 2022: 292,064,654, 2021: 257,414,898 table end.
treasury shares: : at beginning of the year, : 2,491,000 , : - : share buyback, : 2,491,000 , : 3,446,085 : at end of the year, : 2,491,000 , : 3,446,085 : total share capital, : 885,524,427, : 863,406,225 : 288,618,569, : 257,414,898 table end.
fully paid ordinary shares, which have no par value, carry one vote per share and a right to dividends as and when declared by the company.
in 2022, the company acquired 2,491,000 of its own shares through purchases on the singapore exchange securities trading limited.
the total amount paid to acquire the shares was $3,446,085 and has been deducted from shareholders’ equity.
the shares are held as treasury shares.
24. reserves foreign currency translation reserves note 24 a statutory reserve note 24 b equity reserve note 24 c a foreign currency translation reserves 31 december 2022: $, 31 december 2021: $ : foreign currency translation reserves, 31 december 2022: 54,056,961 , 31 december 2021: 34,724,653 : statutory reserve, 31 december 2022: 1,828,324, 31 december 2021: 1,899,179 : equity reserve, 31 december 2022: 1,967,587, 31 december 2021: 1,967,587 31 december 2022: 50,261,050 , 31 december 2021: 30,857,887 table end.
foreign currency translation reserves represent exchange differences relating to the translation from the functional currencies of the group's foreign subsidiaries into singapore dollars are brought to account by recognising those exchange differences in other comprehensive income and accumulating them in a separate component of equity under the header of foreign currency translation reserves.
b statutory reserve under the public limited company act b.e. 2535 of thailand, a subsidiary, uob kay hian securities thailand public company limited is required to set aside a statutory reserve of at least 5 percent of its net profit after accumulated deficit brought forward if any until the reserve is not less than 10 percent of the registered capital.
the reserve is non-distributable.
c equity reserve the equity reserve represents the effects of changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries when there is no change in control.
25. revenue item: commission income , 2022: $297,673,361, 2021: $450,467,732 item: trading income , 2022: $6,027,826, 2021: $11,350,780 item: interest income: item: - fixed deposits with related parties, 2022: $15,522,906, 2021: $3,690,822 item: - fixed deposits with non-related banks, 2022: $31,836,423, 2021: $3,363,740 item: - clients, 2022: $89,553,753, 2021: $91,956,331 item: - others, 2022: $4,074,596, 2021: $5,069,491 item: total interest income , 2022: $140,987,678, 2021: $104,080,384 item: interest income from financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss , 2022: $15,854,178, 2021: $19,555,836 item: dividend income from quoted/unquoted securities , 2022: $692,480, 2021: $2,361,736 item: facility, shares withdrawal and arrangement fees , 2022: $13,743,415, 2021: $20,486,473 item: advisory fees , 2022: $8,292,549, 2021: $6,794,798 item: other operating revenue , 2022: $12,442,326, 2021: $11,929,975 item: total revenue , 2022: $495,713,813, 2021: $627,027,714 table end.
26. staff costs item: wages, salaries and other staff costs , 2022: $139,981,783, 2021: $183,079,799 item: less: wage support from government grant , 2022: –, 2021: $169,926 item: employers' contribution to employee benefit plans including central provident fund , 2022: $7,056,630, 2021: $6,888,382 item: total staff costs , 2022: $147,038,413, 2021: $189,798,255 table end.
notes: in 2021, the group received wage support for singapore and hong kong employees under jobs support scheme from the singapore government and anti-epidemic fund from the hong kong government as part of the governments’ measures to support businesses during the period of economic uncertainty impacted by covid-19.
in 2021, government grant income of $169,926 was recognised during the year and is presented net against the related salary costs.
no government grant income was received in 2022. 27. finance expense item: interest expense: item: - borrowings from related parties, 2022: $6,735,511, 2021: $7,301,192 item: - borrowings from non-related banks, 2022: $12,248,932, 2021: $7,173,120 item: - debts issued, 2022: $14,694,543, 2021: $17,655,969 item: - lease liabilities, 2022: $876,517, 2021: $465,612 item: - others, 2022: $4,864,477, 2021: $4,824,943 item: total finance expense , 2022: $39,419,980, 2021: $37,420,836 table end.
28. other operating expenses the group item: net fair value loss on other financial assets, at fair value through profit or loss, 2022: $18,251,710, 2021: $3,060,682 item: expense relating to short-term leases and low value assets, 2022: $811,726, 2021: $1,951,902 item: marketing and business promotions, 2022: $7,183,921, 2021: $6,861,577 item: communication expenses, 2022: $23,406,091, 2021: $26,315,095 item: contract processing charges, 2022: $720,643, 2021: $1,247,740 item: information services, 2022: $9,499,119, 2021: $9,610,287 item: depreciation expenses: item: - property, plant and equipment note 17 , 2022: $11,194,771, 2021: $12,070,580 item: - right-of-use asset note 15 , 2022: $6,245,476, 2021: $6,125,606 item: net gain loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, 2022: $55,544 , 2021: $38,634 item: amortisation of other intangible assets note 13 , 2022: –, 2021: $895,224 item: impairment of goodwill note 12 , 2022: $618,708, 2021: $240,967 item: audit fees: item: - paid to auditor of the company, 2022: $234,956, 2021: $201,656 item: - paid to other auditors, 2022: $607,127, 2021: $616,108 item: non-audit fees: item: - paid to auditor of the company, 2022: $62,236, 2021: $54,373 item: - paid to other auditors, 2022: $6,850, 2021: $11,428 item: maintenance and rental of office equipment, 2022: $1,651,024, 2021: $2,059,813 item: printing and stationery, 2022: $741,091, 2021: $893,149 item: allowance for trade and other receivables, 2022: $13,142,507, 2021: $19,150,270 item: other staff cost, 2022: $5,331,123, 2021: $10,242,279 item: general administrative expenses, 2022: $14,937,623, 2021: $13,701,219 item: total , 2022: $114,591,158 , 2021: $115,348,589 table end.
29. income tax expense income tax recognised in profit or loss: the group item: tax expense comprises: item: current income tax: item: - singapore, 2022: $13,512,799, 2021: $14,312,627 item: - foreign, 2022: $2,866,250, 2021: $6,858,004 item: total current income tax, 2022: $16,379,049, 2021: $21,170,631 item: deferred income tax note 18 , 2022: $526,374 , 2021: $100,658 item: under over provision in prior years: item: - current income tax item: - deferred income tax item: total , 2022: $18,458,332 , 2021: $19,756,701 table end.
notes: notes 12, 13, 15, 17, and 18 refer to further details within the annual report.
notes to financial statements continued 31 december 2022 domestic income tax is calculated at 17% 2021: 17% of the estimated assessable profit for the year.
taxation for other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.
the total charge for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows: table: income tax reconciliation item: profit before income tax, 2022: $121,379,706, 2021: $173,589,913 item: income tax expense calculated at 17% 2021: 17% , 2022: $20,634,550, 2021: $29,510,285 item: effects of: item: singapore statutory stepped income exemption and tax rebate, 2022: $69,700 , 2021: $69,700 item: income not subject to tax, 2022: $7,993,676 , 2021: $10,451,651 item: expenses not deductible for tax purposes, 2022: $7,075,230, 2021: $6,130,627 item: utilisation of previously unused tax losses, 2022: $3,358,628 , 2021: $4,921,843 item: tax benefits on tax losses and other temporary differences not recognised, 2022: $240,129, 2021: $95,089 item: different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions, 2022: $1,256,391, 2021: $2,063,306 item: others, 2022: $674,036, 2021: $2,599,412 item: total income tax , 2022: $18,458,332 , 2021: $19,756,701 table end.
deferred income tax: actuarial movements on defined benefit plans note 18 table: deferred income tax year: 2022, the group: $22,851 year: 2021, the group: $24,606 table end.
components of other comprehensive income table: components of other comprehensive income item: items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss item: actuarial gain on defined benefit plans, 2022: $103,870, 2021: $111,803 item: deferred tax liability arising on actuarial loss, 2022: $22,851 , 2021: $24,606 item: items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss item: exchange differences on translation of foreign operations, 2022: $20,253,858 , 2021: $7,105,063 item: other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax , 2022: $20,172,839 , 2021: $7,017,866 table end.
there are no footnotes or additional annotations provided in the image.
31. earnings per share the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to ordinary owners of the company is based on the following data: : earnings, 2022: $101,879,105, 2021: $151,881,004 : weighted average shares, 2022: 876,277,836, 2021: 851,019,241 : basic earnings per share, 2022: 11.63 singapore cents, 2021: 17.85 singapore cents table end.
diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share as there are no potential ordinary shares outstanding as at 31 december 2022 and 31 december 2021. 32. dividends table: dividends paid - the group and the company : one-tier tax-exempt final dividend : dividend paid in cash, 2022: 75,982,496, 2021: 79,515,150 : dividend paid through issuance of new shares, 2022: 41,332,740, 2021: 39,987,270 : dividend scheme note 23 , 2022: 34,649,756, 2021: 39,527,880 : total , 2022: 75,982,496 , 2021: 79,515,150 table end.
at the annual general meeting on 27 april 2023, a one-tier tax-exempt final dividend of 6.0 singapore cents per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 december 2022 amounting to a total of $53,280,926 will be recommended.
these financial statements do not reflect this dividend, which will be accounted for in the shareholders’ equity as an appropriation of retained earnings in the year ending 31 december 2023. 33. contingent liabilities a obligations by virtue of a subsidiary being a clearing member of singapore exchange securities trading limited “sgx-st” - secured at the end of the reporting period, there are contingent liabilities of $1,555,326 31 december 2021: $2,208,935 in respect of the obligations of a subsidiary to the central depository pte limited “cdp” by virtue of the subsidiary being a clearing member of the sgx-st.
the contingent liabilities are secured against deposits amounting to $1,916,612 31 december 2021: $2,416,612 placed by the subsidiary with cdp as disclosed in note 10 b to the financial statements.
34 commitments a operating lease arrangements the group as a lessor the group rents out its property in singapore under operating leases.
disclosure required by sfrs i 16 operating leases, in which the group is the lessor, relate to investment property owned by the group with average lease terms of 1 year 31 december 2021: 2 years . the lessee does not have an option to purchase the property at the expiry of the lease period.
maturity analysis of operating lease payments: : within one year, 2022: $337,629, 2021: $564,679 : in the second to fifth year inclusive, 2022: -, 2021: $337,629 : total , 2022: $337,629, 2021: $902,308 table end.
b financial guarantees the company has issued corporate guarantees note 4 c v to banks for borrowings of its subsidiaries.
these guarantees are financial guarantees as they require the company to reimburse the banks if the subsidiaries fail to make principal or interest payments when due in accordance with the terms of their borrowings.
35 segment information the group is organised on a geographical basis, namely singapore, hong kong, thailand, malaysia and other countries.
the group provides securities and futures broking and other related services.
there is no single external customer that contributes more than 10% of the consolidated revenue.
the measurement basis of the group’s reportable segments is in accordance with its accounting policy as described in note 2. the information below is also reported to the group’s chief operating decision maker for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.
analysis of the group's revenue and results by reportable segments 2022 table: group revenue and results by reportable segments 2022 segment: revenue segment: external sales, singapore $ : 170,940,814, hong kong $ : 70,194,780, thailand $ : 48,210,726, malaysia $ : 40,118,674, others $ : 9,406,963, elimination $ : -, total $ : 338,871,957 segment: interest income, singapore $ : 89,017,397, hong kong $ : 53,795,790, thailand $ : 4,534,599, malaysia $ : 7,169,037, others $ : 2,325,033, elimination $ : -, total $ : 156,841,856 segment: inter-segment sales, singapore $ : 10,678,430, hong kong $ : 278,147, thailand $ : 1,052,017, malaysia $ : 2,894,252, others $ : 2,310,868, elimination $ : 17,213,714 , total $ : 495,713,813 segment: segment results singapore $ : 270,636,641, hong kong $ : 124,268,717, thailand $ : 53,797,342, malaysia $ : 50,181,963, others $ : 14,042,864, elimination $ : 17,213,714 , total $ : 495,713,813 segment: profit before tax, singapore $ : 57,496,541, hong kong $ : 39,918,286, thailand $ : 11,126,562, malaysia $ : 14,569,020, others $ : 1,197,007, elimination $ : 2,927,710 , total $ : 121,379,706 segment: income tax expense segment: profit after tax, total $ : 102,921,374 segment: segment assets, singapore $ : 3,075,092,474, hong kong $ : 1,395,317,892, thailand $ : 267,873,854, malaysia $ : 218,047,578, others $ : 70,284,134, elimination $ : 705,277,931 , total $ : 4,321,338,001 segment: deferred tax assets, singapore $ : 1,675,633, total $ : 4,323,013,634 segment: segment liabilities, singapore $ : 1,682,846,819, hong kong $ : 805,581,545, thailand $ : 105,416,482, malaysia $ : 62,353,830, others $ : 36,321,634, elimination $ : 189,024,142 , total $ : 2,503,496,168 segment: income tax payable, total $ : 17,551,324 segment: deferred tax liabilities, total $ : 1,869,221 segment: other segment items segment: capital expenditure, singapore $ : 147,932, hong kong $ : 152,499, thailand $ : 887,426, malaysia $ : 1,259,073, others $ : 212,850, elimination $ : -, total $ : 2,659,780 segment: impairment loss of goodwill, singapore $ : -, hong kong $ : -, thailand $ : 618,708, malaysia $ : -, others $ : -, elimination $ : -, total $ : 618,708 segment: depreciation and amortization expense, singapore $ : 6,775,659, hong kong $ : 5,239,571, thailand $ : 3,450,687, malaysia $ : 1,553,829, others $ : 420,501, elimination $ : -, total $ : 17,440,247 segment: finance expense, singapore $ : 29,782,895, hong kong $ : 8,550,736, thailand $ : 400,401, malaysia $ : 678,437, others $ : 7,511, elimination $ : -, total $ : 39,419,980 table end.
note a : information regarding note a is not included in the provided image.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 the group 2021 category: revenue category: external sales, singapore $ : 252,820,140, hong kong $ : 118,149,351, thailand $ : 62,605,055, malaysia $ : 60,615,507, others $ : 9,201,441, elimination $ : -, total $ : 503,391,494 category: interest income, singapore $ : 66,419,619, hong kong $ : 44,525,350, thailand $ : 4,544,976, malaysia $ : 5,046,723, others $ : 3,099,552, elimination $ : -, total $ : 123,636,220 category: inter-segment sales, singapore $ : 11,014,983, hong kong $ : 302,818 , thailand $ : 2,006,602, malaysia $ : 2,704,662, others $ : 1,856,506, elimination $ : 17,279,935 category: segment results , total $ : 627,027,714 category: profit before tax, singapore $ : 79,478,496, hong kong $ : 51,619,878, thailand $ : 20,241,520, malaysia $ : 21,301,445, others $ : 2,445,606, elimination $ : 1,497,032 , total $ : 173,589,913 category: income tax expense, total $ : 173,589,913 category: profit after tax, total $ : 153,833,212 category: segment assets note a , singapore $ : 3,015,076,168, hong kong $ : 1,385,792,194, thailand $ : 279,477,547, malaysia $ : 211,921,171, others $ : 91,470,447, elimination $ : 464,083,332 , total $ : 4,519,654,195 category: deferred tax assets, total $ : 1,511,575 category: consolidated total assets , total $ : 4,521,165,770 category: segment liabilities note a , singapore $ : 1,896,829,194, hong kong $ : 835,801,428, thailand $ : 114,471,203, malaysia $ : 61,717,981, others $ : 54,276,404, elimination $ : 223,820,882 , total $ : 2,739,275,328 category: income tax payable, total $ : 17,154,658 category: deferred tax liabilities, total $ : 2,201,299 category: consolidated total liabilities , total $ : 2,758,631,285 category: other segment items category: capital expenditure, singapore $ : 821,188, hong kong $ : 1,301,386, thailand $ : 1,331,706, malaysia $ : 1,516,481, others $ : 132,825, elimination $ : -, total $ : 5,103,586 category: impairment loss of goodwill, singapore $ : -, hong kong $ : -, thailand $ : 240,967, malaysia $ : -, others $ : -, elimination $ : -, total $ : 240,967 category: depreciation and amortisation expense, singapore $ : 8,290,502, hong kong $ : 4,526,595, thailand $ : 4,281,049, malaysia $ : 1,429,300, others $ : 563,964, elimination $ : -, total $ : 19,091,410 category: finance expense, singapore $ : 27,540,364, hong kong $ : 9,535,053, thailand $ : 395,945, malaysia $ : 928,334, others $ : 397,040, elimination $ : 1,375,900 , total $ : 37,420,836 table end.
note a: the group operates mainly in the securities/futures broking and structured lending business.
there are no other business segments that contribute more than 10% of the combined revenue, net profit or assets of all operating segments.
listing of companies in the group table: subsidiary information name of company: pt uob kay hian sekuritas c , principal activities: stockbroking, country of incorporation: indonesia, company ownership 2022 % : 99.0, company ownership 2021 % : 99.0, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian securities philippines , inc.
c , principal activities: stockbroking, country of incorporation: philippines, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian securities thailand public company limited b , principal activities: stockbroking, country of incorporation: thailand, company ownership 2022 % : 70.7, company ownership 2021 % : 70.7, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : 17.2, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : 17.2 name of company: uob kay hian u.k. limited c , principal activities: arranger, country of incorporation: united kingdom, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian u.s. inc.
c , principal activities: stockbroking, country of incorporation: united states of america, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian private limited a , principal activities: stockbroking, country of incorporation: singapore, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian trading pte ltd a , principal activities: investment trading, country of incorporation: singapore, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian malaysia holdings sdn bhd b , principal activities: under member's voluntary liquidation, country of incorporation: malaysia, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian overseas limited b , principal activities: investment holding, country of incorporation: hong kong, sar, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian credit pte ltd a , principal activities: money lending, country of incorporation: singapore, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: trans-pacific credit private limited a , principal activities: margin financing, country of incorporation: singapore, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian properties pte ltd a , principal activities: investment in group office premises, country of incorporation: singapore, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian securities m sdn bhd b , principal activities: stockbroking, country of incorporation: malaysia, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: a.a. anthony securities sdn bhd b , principal activities: dormant, country of incorporation: malaysia, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian credit m sdn bhd b , principal activities: money lending, country of incorporation: malaysia, company ownership 2022 % : 100, company ownership 2021 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - name of company: uob kay hian nominees pte ltd a , principal activities: nominee services, country of incorporation: singapore, company ownership 2022 % : -, company ownership 2021 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : 100 name of company: sip uob-kay hian asset management co., ltd e , principal activities: fund management, country of incorporation: people's republic of china, company ownership 2022 % : -, company ownership 2021 % : -, subsidiary ownership 2022 % : 100, subsidiary ownership 2021 % : - table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 table: subsidiaries and ownership name of company: held by uob kay hian overseas limited name of company: uob kay hian hong kong limited b , principal activities: stockbroking, country of incorporation: hong kong, sar, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 name of company: uob kay hian futures hong kong limited b , principal activities: futures broking, country of incorporation: hong kong, sar, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 name of company: uob kay hian finance limited b , principal activities: money lending, country of incorporation: hong kong, sar, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 name of company: uob kay hian bvi limited d , principal activities: investment holding, country of incorporation: british virgin islands, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 name of company: uob kay hian investment consulting shanghai company limited b , principal activities: investment consulting & research services, country of incorporation: people's republic of china, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 name of company: held by uob kay hian securities m sdn bhd name of company: uob kay hian nominees asing sdn bhd b , principal activities: nominee services, country of incorporation: malaysia, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 name of company: uob kay hian nominees tempatan sdn bhd b , principal activities: nominee services, country of incorporation: malaysia, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 name of company: uob kay hian wealth advisors sdn.
bhd.
b , principal activities: wealth management, country of incorporation: malaysia, company ownership % : -, subsidiaries ownership % : 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100, 2022: 100, 2021: 100 table end.
a audited by deloitte & touche llp, singapore.
b audited by overseas practices of deloitte touche tohmatsu limited.
c audited by other auditors.
d audit not required under the laws of the country of incorporation.
e not audited as it is a newly incorporated wholly-owned subsidiary during the year.
wholly-owned subsidiaries table: wholly-owned subsidiaries data 31 december 2022 & 2021 principal activity: stockbroking, place of incorporation and operation: singapore, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: stockbroking, place of incorporation and operation: malaysia, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: stockbroking, place of incorporation and operation: philippines, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: stockbroking, place of incorporation and operation: hong kong, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: stockbroking, place of incorporation and operation: u.s.a, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: stockbroking, place of incorporation and operation: u.k., number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: arranger, place of incorporation and operation: singapore, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: investment trading, place of incorporation and operation: bvi, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: investment holding, place of incorporation and operation: hong kong, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: investment holding, place of incorporation and operation: singapore, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: investment in group office premises, place of incorporation and operation: singapore, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: investment consulting and research services, place of incorporation and operation: china, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: money lending, place of incorporation and operation: singapore, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: money lending, place of incorporation and operation: hong kong, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: money lending, place of incorporation and operation: malaysia, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: margin financing, place of incorporation and operation: singapore, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: nominee services, place of incorporation and operation: singapore, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: nominee services, place of incorporation and operation: malaysia, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 2, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 2 principal activity: futures broking, place of incorporation and operation: hong kong, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: wealth management, place of incorporation and operation: malaysia, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: fund management, place of incorporation and operation: china, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: under member's voluntary liquidation, place of incorporation and operation: malaysia, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: dormant, place of incorporation and operation: malaysia, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 principal activity: total , number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 23 , number of wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 22 table end.
non wholly-owned subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests table: non wholly-owned subsidiaries data 31 december 2022 & 2021 principal activity: stockbroking, place of incorporation and operation: thailand, proportion of ownership interests and voting rights held by non-controlling interests 31 december 2022 : 12.1%, proportion of ownership interests and voting rights held by non-controlling interests 31 december 2021 : 12.1%, number of non wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2022 : 1, number of non wholly-owned subsidiaries 31 december 2021 : 1 table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 summarised financial information in respect of uob kay hian securities thailand public company limited, a subsidiary that has material non-controlling interest, is set out below.
the summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.
uob kay hian securities thailand public company limited item: current assets , 31 december 2022: $249,013,503, 31 december 2021: $261,658,854 item: non-current assets , 31 december 2022: $19,975,357, 31 december 2021: $18,875,403 item: current liabilities , 31 december 2022: $103,263,898 , 31 december 2021: $116,064,983 item: non-current liabilities , 31 december 2022: $4,063,230 , 31 december 2021: $1,241,298 item: equity attributable to owners of the company , 31 december 2022: $142,116,829, 31 december 2021: $143,493,714 item: non-controlling interests , 31 december 2022: $19,544,903, 31 december 2021: $19,734,262 item: revenue , 31 december 2022: $53,797,342, 31 december 2021: $69,156,963 item: expenses , 31 december 2022: $45,256,166 , 31 december 2021: $53,196,692 item: profit for the year , 31 december 2022: $8,541,176, 31 december 2021: $15,960,271 item: profit attributable to owners of the company , 31 december 2022: $7,508,548, 31 december 2021: $14,030,674 item: profit attributable to the non-controlling interests , 31 december 2022: $1,032,628, 31 december 2021: $1,929,597 item: profit for the year , 31 december 2022: $8,541,176, 31 december 2021: $15,960,271 item: other comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the company , 31 december 2022: $5,845,952 , 31 december 2021: $11,965,483 item: other comprehensive loss attributable to the non-controlling interests , 31 december 2022: $803,976 , 31 december 2021: $1,656,424 item: other comprehensive loss for the year , 31 december 2022: $6,649,928 , 31 december 2021: $13,621,907 item: total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the company , 31 december 2022: $1,662,596, 31 december 2021: $2,065,191 item: total comprehensive income attributable to the non-controlling interests , 31 december 2022: $228,652, 31 december 2021: $273,173 item: total comprehensive income for the year , 31 december 2022: $1,891,248, 31 december 2021: $2,338,364 item: dividends paid to non-controlling interests , 31 december 2022: $407,611 , 31 december 2021: $254,757 item: net cash outflow from operating activities , 31 december 2022: $13,581,838 , 31 december 2021: $13,470,695 item: net cash outflow from investing activities , 31 december 2022: $822,621 , 31 december 2021: $1,373,528 item: net cash outflow from financing activities , 31 december 2022: $5,223,396 , 31 december 2021: $4,371,556 item: net cash outflow , 31 december 2022: $19,627,855 , 31 december 2021: $19,215,779 table end.
employee benefit obligations the subsidiaries of the group operate post-employment benefit plans under their respective local legislations, which are considered as unfunded defined benefit plans.
amounts recognised in accrued operating expenses note 19 in respect of the group's defined benefit plans are as follows: table: group data item: present value of unfunded obligations , 31 december 2022: $6,698,311, 31 december 2021: $6,464,713 item: net liability recognised in statement of financial position , 31 december 2022: $6,698,311, 31 december 2021: $6,464,713 table end.
amounts recognised in statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income in respect of these defined benefit plans: the group : service cost: : current service cost, 2022 $ : 844,395, 2021 $ : 925,486 : past service cost, 2022 $ : 1,163, 2021 $ : 310,750 : net interest expense, 2022 $ : 127,670, 2021 $ : 136,713 : components of employee benefit costs recognised in profit or loss , 2022 $ : 973,228, 2021 $ : 751,449 : remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability: : actuarial gains arising from changes in financial assumptions, 2022 $ : 28,379 , 2021 $ : 23,762 : actuarial gains arising from changes in experience adjustments, 2022 $ : 75,491 , 2021 $ : 88,041 : components of defined benefit costs recognised in other comprehensive income , 2022 $ : 103,870 , 2021 $ : 111,803 : exchange differences on foreign plans, 2022 $ : 337,007 , 2021 $ : 450,464 : total , 2022 $ : 532,351, 2021 $ : 189,182 table end.
changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation: the group : opening defined benefit obligation, 31 december 2022 $ : 6,464,713, 31 december 2021 $ : 6,708,391 : current service cost, 31 december 2022 $ : 844,395, 31 december 2021 $ : 925,486 : past service cost, including gain on curtailments, 31 december 2022 $ : 1,163, 31 december 2021 $ : 310,750 : net interest expense, 31 december 2022 $ : 127,670, 31 december 2021 $ : 136,713 : remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability, 31 december 2022 $ : 103,870 , 31 december 2021 $ : 111,803 : exchange differences on foreign plans, 31 december 2022 $ : 337,007 , 31 december 2021 $ : 450,464 : benefits paid, 31 december 2022 $ : 298,753 , 31 december 2021 $ : 432,860 : closing defined benefit obligation, 31 december 2022 $ : 6,698,311, 31 december 2021 $ : 6,464,713 table end.
the principal assumptions used for the purpose of actuarial valuations: financial assumptions the group : discount rates, 31 december 2022: 1.02% - 7.30%, 31 december 2021: 1.02% - 7.30% : expected rates of salary increase, 31 december 2022: 0.00% - 7.00%, 31 december 2021: 0.00% - 7.00% : retirement ages, 31 december 2022: 55 to 60 years, 31 december 2021: 55 to 60 years : turnover rates, 31 december 2022: 0% - 23%, 31 december 2021: 0% to 23% table end.
notes to financial statements 31 december 2022 significant actuarial assumptions for determining the defined benefit obligation include discount rates, expected rates of salary increase, and turnover rates.
the sensitivity analyses below are based on reasonably possible changes to these assumptions at the end of the reporting period, holding all others constant: if the discount rate increases decreases by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by $407,154 or increase by $463,320 31 december 2021: decrease by $421,776 or increase by $480,671 . if the expected rate of salary increases decreases by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by $564,451 or decrease by $379,151 31 december 2021: increase by $517,647 or decrease by $346,733 . if the turnover rate increases decreases by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would decrease by $422,585 or increase by $245,959 31 december 2021: decrease by $437,438 or increase by $259,165 . if the life expectancy increases decreases by 1%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by $17,591 or decrease by $17,519 31 december 2021: increase by $17,960 or decrease by $17,885 . the sensitivity analyses may not represent the actual change in the defined benefit obligation, as changes in assumptions are unlikely to occur in isolation.
there were no changes in methods and assumptions used in the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
standards issued but not effective as of the authorization date of these financial statements, the group and company have not applied the following sfrs i pronouncements: effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 january 2023 amendments to sfrs i 1-1 and sfrs i practice statement 2: disclosure of accounting policies amendments to sfrs i 1-8: definition of accounting estimates amendments to sfrs i 1-12: deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 january 2024 amendments to sfrs i 1-1: classification of liabilities as current or non-current amendments to sfrs i 1-1: non-current liabilities with covenants amendments to sfrs i 16: lease liability in a sale and leaseback management anticipates that the adoption of these standards in future periods will not materially impact the financial statements of the group and company upon initial adoption.
analysis of shareholdings as at 16 march 2023 no.
of issued shares excluding treasury shares : 884,299,427 class of shares: ordinary shares number/percentage of treasury shares: 3,716,000 0.42% no.
of subsidiary holdings shares: nil voting rights excluding treasury shares & subsidiary holdings : one vote for each ordinary share distribution of shareholdings size of shareholdings size of shareholding: 1 - 99, no.
of shareholders: 238, %: 2.40, no.
of shares: 9,858, %: 0.00 size of shareholding: 100 - 1,000, no.
of shareholders: 987, %: 9.94, no.
of shares: 677,953, %: 0.08 size of shareholding: 1,001 - 10,000, no.
of shareholders: 6,421, %: 64.67, no.
of shares: 28,480,612, %: 3.22 size of shareholding: 10,001 - 1,000,000, no.
of shareholders: 2,255, %: 22.71, no.
of shares: 94,670,215, %: 10.71 size of shareholding: 1,000,001 & above, no.
of shareholders: 28, %: 0.28, no.
of shares: 760,460,789, %: 85.99 size of shareholding: total , no.
of shareholders: 9,929 , %: 100.00 , no.
of shares: 884,299,427 , %: 100.00 table end.
top twenty shareholders as at 16 march 2023 rank: 1, name: tye hua nominees pte ltd, no.
of shares: 313,360,043, %: 35.44 rank: 2, name: u.i.p. holdings limited, no.
of shares: 188,306,346, %: 21.29 rank: 3, name: uob kay hian pte ltd, no.
of shares: 106,038,632, %: 11.99 rank: 4, name: tang wee loke, no.
of shares: 40,217,504, %: 4.55 rank: 5, name: citibank nominees singapore pte ltd, no.
of shares: 22,523,468, %: 2.55 rank: 6, name: dbs nominees pte ltd, no.
of shares: 16,286,407, %: 1.84 rank: 7, name: raffles nominees pte limited, no.
of shares: 13,162,283, %: 1.49 rank: 8, name: united overseas bank nominees pte ltd, no.
of shares: 10,534,402, %: 1.19 rank: 9, name: lim and tan securities pte ltd, no.
of shares: 10,166,458, %: 1.15 rank: 10, name: ocbc nominees singapore pte ltd, no.
of shares: 5,261,367, %: 0.59 rank: 11, name: phillip securities pte ltd, no.
of shares: 4,002,495, %: 0.45 rank: 12, name: ang jwee herng, no.
of shares: 3,409,755, %: 0.38 rank: 13, name: lau mei lea, no.
of shares: 2,888,025, %: 0.33 rank: 14, name: lai choy kuen, no.
of shares: 2,872,568, %: 0.32 rank: 15, name: tung tau chyr walter, no.
of shares: 2,542,422, %: 0.29 rank: 16, name: chen chun nan, no.
of shares: 2,327,319, %: 0.26 rank: 17, name: hai sia seafood pte ltd, no.
of shares: 2,167,149, %: 0.25 rank: 18, name: jinli investment pte ltd, no.
of shares: 1,915,943, %: 0.22 rank: 19, name: chang wee lin, no.
of shares: 1,734,026, %: 0.20 rank: 20, name: maybank securities pte.
ltd., no.
of shares: 1,533,869, %: 0.17 name: total , no.
of shares: 751,250,481 , %: 84.95 table end.
substantial shareholders name: united overseas bank limited, direct interest no.
of shares: 313,360,043 1 , direct interest %: 35.44, deemed interest no.
of shares: -, deemed interest %: - name: u.i.p. holdings limited, direct interest no.
of shares: 188,306,346, direct interest %: 21.29, deemed interest no.
of shares: -, deemed interest %: - name: wee ee chao, direct interest no.
of shares: -, direct interest %: -, deemed interest no.
of shares: 292,581,965 2 , deemed interest %: 33.09 name: k.i.p. inc, direct interest no.
of shares: -, direct interest %: -, deemed interest no.
of shares: 104,275,619 3 , deemed interest %: 11.79 table end.
notes: 1. united overseas bank limited's deemed interest arises from 313,360,043 shares held by tye hua nominees private limited.
2. mr. wee ee chao's deemed interest arises from 188,306,346 shares held by u.i.p. holdings limited and 104,275,619 shares held by uob kay hian private limited - k.i.p. inc.
3. k.i.p. inc's deemed interest arises from 104,275,619 shares registered in the name of uob kay hian private limited.
public float based on available information as at 16 march 2023, approximately 26.48% of issued shares of the company are held by the public and rule 723 of the sgx-st listing manual is complied with.
notice of annual general meeting notice is hereby given that the annual general meeting of the company will be held at the auditorium, 8 anthony road, singapore 229957 on thursday, 27 april 2023 at 5:30 p.meter. to transact the business as set out below.
this notice has been made available on sgxnet and the company's website at www.uobkayhian.com.
printed copies of this notice will not be dispatched to members.
routine business 1. to receive and adopt the directors' statement and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 and the independent auditors' report thereon.
resolution 1 2. to declare a first and final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 6.0 singapore cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 december 2022. resolution 2 3. to approve the sum of singapore dollar280,315 as directors' fees for the financial year ended 31 december 2022. 2021: singapore dollar289,322 resolution 3 4a.
to re-elect mr. kuah boon wee, a director who will retire by rotation pursuant to regulation 91 of the company's constitution and who, being eligible, will offer himself for re-election.
note: mr. kuah boon wee is a non-executive independent director, the chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee.
upon his re-election as a director, he will continue in the said capacities.
detailed information on mr. kuah is set out in the "corporate information" and "profile of directors & key management personnel" sections in the annual report and "additional information on directors seeking re-election" in this notice.
resolution 4 4b.
to record the retirement of mr. yeow david, a director who will retire by rotation pursuant to regulation 91 of the company's constitution and who will not be seeking for re-election.
note: upon the retirement of mr. yeow david as a non-executive independent director, he will cease to be a member of the audit committee.
5. to re-appoint deloitte & touche llp as auditors of the company and to authorise the directors to fix their remuneration.
resolution 5 special business to consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without any modifications, the following resolutions as ordinary resolutions: 6. authority to allot and issue shares and convertible securities that pursuant to section 161 of the companies act 1967 and the listing rules of the singapore exchange securities trading limited, authority be and is hereby given to the directors of the company to allot and issue shares and convertible securities in the company whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise at any time and from time to time thereafter to such persons and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes as the directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit, provided always that the aggregate number of shares and convertible securities to be issued pursuant to this resolution does not exceed 50% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any in the capital of the company as at the date of the passing of this resolution, of which the aggregate number of shares and convertible securities to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to shareholders of the company does not exceed 20% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any in the capital of the company as at the date of the passing of this resolution, and for the purpose of this resolution, the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any shall be based on the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any in the capital of the company at the time this resolution is passed after adjusting for new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of convertible securities or exercise of share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time this resolution is passed and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of the company's shares , and unless revoked or varied by the company in general meeting, such authority shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.
resolution 6 7. authority to allot and issue shares pursuant to the uob-kay hian holdings limited scrip dividend scheme that pursuant to section 161 of the companies act 1967, the directors of the company be empowered to allot and issue from time to time such number of shares in the capital of the company as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to the uob-kay hian holdings limited scrip dividend scheme.
resolution 7 8. renewal of share buyback mandate all capitalised terms in this resolution which are not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the addendum to shareholders dated 11 april 2023. that: a for the purposes of sections 76c and 76e of the companies act, the exercise by the directors of the company of all the powers of the company to purchase or otherwise acquire issued ordinary shares in the capital of the company "shares" not exceeding in aggregate the number of issued shares representing 10% of the total number of issued shares as at the date of the passing of this resolution excluding any shares which are held as treasury shares or which comprise subsidiary holdings, if any, as at that date the "maximum percentage" , at such price or prices as may be determined by the directors of the company from time to time up to the maximum price, whether by way of: i on-market purchases, transacted on the singapore exchange securities trading limited through the ready market, and which may be transacted through the company's subsidiary, a licensed stockbroker, or through one or more duly licensed stockbrokers appointed by the company for the purpose; and/or ii off-market purchases, otherwise than on an approved exchange as defined in the companies act, in accordance with an equal access scheme s as may be determined or formulated by the directors of the company as they may consider fit, which scheme s shall satisfy all the conditions prescribed by the companies act and the listing manual, on the terms set out in the addendum, be and is hereby authorised and approved generally and unconditionally the "share buyback mandate" ; b unless varied or revoked by the company in general meeting, the authority conferred on the directors of the company pursuant to the share buyback mandate may be exercised by the directors of the company at any time and from time to time during the period commencing from the date of the passing of this resolution and expiring on the earliest of: i the date on which the next annual general meeting is held or required by law to be held; or ii the date on which the authority conferred by the share buyback mandate is revoked or varied by the company in general meeting, whichever is earlier; or iii the date on which the share buybacks are carried out to the full extent mandated; and c the directors of the company and each of them be and is hereby authorised to do such acts and things including without limitation, to execute all such documents as may be required, to approve any amendments, alterations or modifications to any documents, and to sign, file and/or submit any notices, forms and documents with or to the relevant authorities as they and/or he may consider necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to the transactions contemplated and/or authorised by this resolution.
by order of the board resolution 8 siau kuei lian shirley tan sey liy company secretaries singapore, 11 april 2023 notice of annual general meeting explanatory notes and statements pursuant to regulation 54 of the company’s constitution resolution 2, if passed, will give the members the option to elect to receive new shares in lieu of all or part only of the cash amount of any dividend declared on their holding of shares after the deduction of applicable income tax pursuant to the terms and conditions as set out in the scrip dividend scheme statement dated 11 august 2022. resolution 6 is to authorise the directors from the date of this meeting until the date of the next annual general meeting, to allot and issue shares and convertible securities in the company.
the aggregate number of shares and convertible securities which the directors may allot and issue under this resolution shall not exceed 50% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any in the capital of the company at the time this resolution is passed.
for issues of shares and convertible securities other than on a pro rata basis to all shareholders, the aggregate number of shares and convertible securities to be issued shall not exceed 20% of the total number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any in the capital of the company at the time this resolution is passed.
resolution 7, if passed, is to empower the directors to allot and issue new shares in the company from time to time, as may be required pursuant to the uob-kay hian holdings limited scrip dividend scheme.
resolution 8, if passed, is to renew the share buyback mandate.
in the event the company were to purchase or acquire its shares, the company will use internal cash resources and/or external borrowings to finance the purchase or acquisition of those shares.
in purchasing or acquiring shares pursuant to the share buyback mandate, the directors of the company will, principally, consider the availability of internal resources.
the amount of financing required for the company to purchase or acquire its shares, and the impact on the company’s financial position, cannot be ascertained as at the date of this notice as these will depend on whether the shares are purchased or acquired out of capital or profits, the number of shares purchased or acquired, the price at which such shares are purchased or acquired and whether the shares purchased or acquired are held in treasury or cancelled.
an illustration of the total number of shares which may be purchased or acquired by the company up to the maximum percentage, pursuant to the share buyback mandate, is contained in section 2.3.1 of the addendum.
an illustration of the maximum amount of financing or funds required for the purchase or acquisition of shares up to the maximum percentage at the relevant maximum price in the case of on-market purchases and an illustration of the maximum amount of financing or funds required for the purchase or acquisition of shares up to the maximum percentage at the relevant maximum price in the case of off-market purchases, pursuant to the share buyback mandate, are contained in section 2.7.3 of the addendum.
an illustration of the financial effects of a purchase or acquisition of shares by the company pursuant to the share buyback mandate on the audited financial statements of the company and its subsidiaries, for the year ended 31 december 2022 is set out in section 2.7 of the addendum.
notes: 1. a member of the company entitled to attend and vote at the annual general meeting “agm” is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf.
please bring along your nric/passport so as to enable the company to verify your identity.
members are requested to arrive early to facilitate the registration process.
2. a a member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint one or two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the agm of the company.
where such member appoints 2 proxies, the proportion of his shareholding to be represented by each proxy shall be specified.
if no proportion is specified, the company shall be entitled to treat the first named proxy as representing the entire number of shares entered against his name in the depository register and any second named proxy as an alternate to the first named.
b a member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the agm of the company, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member.
"relevant intermediary" has the meaning ascribed to it in section 181 of the companies act 1967. 3. a proxy need not be a member of the company.
4. a member of the company which is a corporation is entitled to appoint its authorised representatives or proxies to vote on his behalf.
5. the instrument appointing a proxy must be signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing.
where the instrument appointing a proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
the power of attorney or other authority, if any, under which the instrument of proxy is signed on behalf of the member or duly certified copy of that power of attorney or other authority failing previous registration with the company , if required by law, be duly stamped and lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
6. the proxy form must be submitted to the company in the following manner: a if submitted by post or personally, be lodged with the company’s registered address at 8 anthony road 01-01 singapore 229957; or b if submitted electronically, be submitted via email to the company’s registered email at proxyforms2023@uobkayhian.com by 5:30 p.meter. 24 april 2023 being seventy-two 72 hours of training per employee before the time appointed for holding the agm of the company or at any adjournment thereof and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.
7. depositor's name on depository register a depositor's name must appear on the depository register maintained by the central depository pte limited “cdp” at least seventy-two 72 hours of training per employee before the time fixed for holding the agm in order for the depositor to be entitled to vote on any or all of the resolutions at the agm.
in view of section 81sj 4 of the securities and futures act 2001, singapore, a depositor shall not be regarded as a shareholder of the company entitled to attend the agm and to speak and vote thereat unless his/her name appears in the depository register maintained by the cdp at least seventy-two 72 hours of training per employee before the agm.
any shareholder who is holding his/her shares via the cdp but whose name is not registered with the cdp seventy-two 72 hours of training per employee before the agm will not be entitled to attend and vote at the agm.
8. submitting questions for the agm members may submit questions relating to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the agm.
to do so, all questions must be submitted by 5:30 p.meter. on 18 april 2023 so that relevant and substantial questions may be addressed during the agm proceedings: by email to: agm2023@uobkayhian.com; or in hard copy by post to 8 anthony road 01-01 singapore 229957. the company will address the responses pertaining to the substantial and relevant questions relating to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the agm as received from members on or before 5.30 p.meter. on 22 april 2023 48 hours of training per employee prior to the closing date and time for the lodgement of the proxy forms via sgxnet and the company's website at www.uobkayhian.com.
in the event that subsequent questions are received after 5.30 p.meter. 18 april 2023, such questions may be addressed at the agm, along with live questions asked at the physical meeting.
shareholders or their corporate representative must state his/her full name, identification/registration number and whether he/she is a shareholder or a corporate representative of a corporate shareholder.
any question without the identification details will not be addressed.
9. accessing the annual report and addendum to shareholders the annual report for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 and the addendum to shareholders dated 11 april 2023 in relation to the proposed renewal of the share buyback mandate have been made available on sgxnet and may be accessed at the company's website as follows: the annual report at https://ir2.chartnexus.com/uobkh/doc/ar/ar2022.pdf; and the addendum to shareholders at https://ir2.chartnexus.com/uobkh/doc/add/2023.pdf.
personal data privacy by a submitting an instrument appointing a proxy ies and/or representative s or the chairman of the agm as a proxy to vote at the agm and/or any adjournment thereof, or b submitting any question prior to the agm in accordance with this notice, a shareholder of the company consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the shareholder's personal data by the company or its agents or service providers for the following purposes: 1. processing and administration by the company or its agents of proxies and representatives appointed for the agm including any adjournment thereof and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the agm including any adjournment thereof , and in order for the company or its agents to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines collectively, the “purposes” ; 2. warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy ies and/or representative s to the company or its agents , the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy ies and/or representative s for the collection, use and disclosure by the company or its agents of the personal data of such proxy ies and/or representative s for the purposes; 3. addressing substantial and relevant questions from members received before the agm and if necessary, following up with the relevant members in relation to such questions; 4. enabling the company or its agents or service providers to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines by the relevant authorities; and 5. agrees that the member will indemnify the company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.
additional information on directors seeking re-appointment/re-election the following additional information on mr. kuah boon wee, who is seeking re-appointment/re-election as director at the annual general meeting, is to be read in conjunction with his respective key information as set out in the "corporate information" and "profile of directors & key management personnel" sections of the annual report on pages 2 and 37 to 39. table: director information - kuah boon wee item: date of appointment , details: 3 may 2016 item: date of last re-appointment , details: 28 april 2020 item: age , details: 57 item: country of principal residence , details: singapore item: the board's comments on this re-appointment/re-election , details: the board of directors of the company has considered, among others, the recommendation of the nominating committee “nc” and has reviewed and considered the qualification, work experience and suitability of mr. kuah boon wee for re-appointment as a non-executive independent director.
the board have reviewed and concluded that mr. kuah boon wee possess the experience, expertise, knowledge and skills to contribute towards the core competencies of the board.
item: working experience and occupation s during the past 10 years , details: 2016 to present: uob-kay hian holdings limited - non-executive independent director of; 2010 to present: mtq corporation limited - chief executive officer item: shareholding interest in the listed issuer and its subsidiaries , details: nil item: any relationship including immediate family relationships with any existing director, existing executive officer, the issuer and/or substantial shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its principal subsidiaries , details: no item: conflict of interest including any competing business , details: no item: undertaking in the format set out in appendix 7.7 under rule 720 1 has been submitted to the listed issuer , details: yes item: other principal commitments including directorships , details: council member of the singapore chinese chamber of commerce & industry; council member of the singapore national employers federation; non-executive director, the hour glass limited item: whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed against him or against a partnership of which he was a partner at the time when he was a partner or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a partner?
, details: no table end.
b whether at any time during the last 10 years, an application or a petition under any law of any jurisdiction was filed against an entity not being a partnership of which he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive, at the time when he was a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity or at any time within 2 years from the date he ceased to be a director or an equivalent person or a key executive of that entity, for the winding up or dissolution of that entity or, where that entity is the trustee of a business trust, that business trust, on the ground of insolvency?
no c whether there is any unsatisfied judgment against him?
no d whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with imprisonment, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such purpose?
no e whether he has ever been convicted of any offence, in singapore or elsewhere, involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or has been the subject of any criminal proceedings including any pending criminal proceedings of which he is aware for such breach?
no f whether at any time during the last 10 years, judgment has been entered against him in any civil proceedings in singapore or elsewhere involving a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part, or he has been the subject of any civil proceedings including any pending civil proceedings of which he is aware involving an allegation of fraud, misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?
no grams whether he has ever been convicted in singapore or elsewhere of any offence in connection with the formation or management of any entity or business trust?
no h whether he has ever been disqualified from acting as a director or an equivalent person of any entity including the trustee of a business trust , or from taking part directly or indirectly in the management of any entity or business trust?
no i whether he has ever been the subject of any order, judgment or ruling of any court, tribunal or governmental body, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in any type of business practice or activity?
no j whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been concerned with the management or conduct, in singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of: no i any corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing corporations in singapore or elsewhere; or no ii any entity not being a corporation which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing such entities in singapore or elsewhere; or no iii any business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement governing business trusts in singapore or elsewhere; or no iv any entity or business trust which has been investigated for a breach of any law or regulatory requirement that relates to the securities or futures industry in singapore or elsewhere, no in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?
no k whether he has been the subject of any current or past investigation or disciplinary proceedings, or has been reprimanded or issued any warning, by the monetary authority of singapore or any other regulatory authority, exchange, professional body or government agency, whether in singapore or elsewhere?
no uob-kay hian holdings limited proxy form company information: incorporated in the republic of singapore company registration no.
200004464c important notes: 1. a relevant intermediary may appoint more than 2 proxies to attend the annual general meeting and vote relevant intermediary has the meaning ascribed to it in section 181 of the companies act 1967 . 2. for cpf/srs investors who have used their cdf/srs monies to buy the company's shares, this proxy form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them.
cpf or srs investors should contact their respective cpf agents banks or srs operators to submit their votes and specify their voting instructions and to ensure that their votes are submitted, at least seven 7 working days by 5:30 p.meter. on 17 april 2023 before the agm and contact their cpf approved nominees if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies.
3. by submitting an instrument appointing a proxy ies and/or representatives, a member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the notes to this proxy form.
4. please read the notes to the proxy form.
appointing a proxy: i/we, full name , nric no./passport no./company no.
, of full address , being a member/members of uob-kay hian holdings limited the "company" , hereby appoint: name: and/or delete as appropriate table end.
resolutions: table: agm resolutions and voting no.: 1, resolutions: to receive and adopt the directors' statement and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 and the independent auditors' report thereon no.: 2, resolutions: to declare a first and final one-tier tax exempt dividend of 6.0 singapore cents per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 no.: 3, resolutions: to approve directors' fees of singapore dollar280,315 for the financial year ended 31 december 2022 no.: 4, resolutions: to re-elect mr. kuah boon wee as a director no.: 5, resolutions: to re-appoint deloitte & touche llp as company's auditors and to authorise the directors to fix their remuneration no.: 6, resolutions: to authorise the directors to allot and issue shares and convertible securities no.: 7, resolutions: to authorise the directors to allot and issue shares pursuant to the uob-kay hian holdings limited scrip dividend scheme no.: 8, resolutions: to approve the proposed renewal of the share buyback mandate table end.
dated this day of 2023 total number of ordinary shares held: signature s of member s or common seal important: please read notes overleaf notes: 1. please insert the total number of shares held by you.
if you have shares entered against your name in the depository register as defined in section 81sf of the securities and futures act, chapter 289 of singapore , you should insert that number of shares.
if you have shares registered in your name in the register of members of the company, you should insert that number of shares.
if you have shares entered against your name in the depository register and shares registered in your name in the register of members, you should insert the aggregate number of shares.
if no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by you.
2. a member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the agm.
where such member's form of proxy appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholdings concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the form of proxy.
if no proportion of shareholdings is specified, the proxy whose name appears first shall be deemed to carry 100% of the shareholdings of his/her appointor and the proxy whose name appears after shall be deemed to be appointed in the alternate.
3. a member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the agm, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member.
where such member's form of proxy appoints more than two proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the form of proxy.
"relevant intermediary" means: a banking corporation licensed under the banking act 1970 or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity; a person holding a capital markets services licence to provide custodial services for securities under the securities and futures act 2001 and who holds shares in that capacity; or the central provident fund board established by the central provident fund act 1953, in respect of shares purchased under the subsidiary legislation made under that act providing for making of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the central provident fund if the board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.
4. a proxy need not be a member of the company.
5. the instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited at the registered office of the company at 8 anthony road 01-01 singapore 229957 or via email to proxyforms2023@uobkayhian.com or by post to 8 anthony road 01-01 singapore 229957 by 5:30 p.meter. 24 april 2023 being seventy-two 72 hours of training per employee before the time appointed for holding the meeting agm of the company . 6. completion and return of the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies by a member shall not preclude him from attending and voting at the agm if he so wishes.
any appointment of a proxy or proxies by a member shall be deemed to be revoked if a member attends the agm in person, and in such event, the company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the instrument of proxy to the agm.
7. the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing.
where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.
a corporation which is a member may authorize by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the agm.
8. where an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must failing previous registration with the company be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
9. the company shall be entitled to reject an instrument of proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies.
in addition, in the case of a member whose shares are entered in the depository register, the company may reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his name in the depository register as at 72 hours of training per employee before the time appointed for holding the agm, as certified by the central depository pte limited to the company.
personal data privacy by submitting an instrument appointing a proxy ies or the chairman of the agm as proxy, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the notice of agm dated 11 april 2023. the provided image is a solid red square.
there is no text, table, or chart data to extract.
therefore, no markdown content can be generated.
. uob kay hian your trusted financial partner