sustainability report 2022 note: the provided image only contains the cover page of the sustainability report 2022. no further textual or tabular data is present to extract.
to provide a comprehensive markdown output, additional pages from the report are required.
contents 1. board statement 2. scope of report 3. our strategic approach to sustainability 4. target table for sustainability report 9. accountability to stakeholders 10. materiality matrix 11. our value creation model 12. corporate profile 14. economic our approach financial highlights financial capital group business responsible tax management key components of our tax strategy valuemax's tax principles tax compliance store locations 22. governance board governance corporate governance compliance with laws and regulations ethics and integrity anti-corruption and anti-fraud anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing risk management supply chain and procurement practices circular economy and sustainable jewellery service quality and responsibility awards and achievements 37. environment a sustainable organisation our approach valuemax commitment to meet public sector sustainability targets reducing energy and water consumption reducing waste incorporate sustainability in procurement strategy plan for emissions reduction 43. social people diversity and equal opportunity talent management training and education employee wellness and benefits health and safety business partner and stakeholders engagement labour - management relations customer privacy and data protection 53. community valuemax covid19 response corporate social responsibility 56. valuemax tcfd report 2022 introduction governance strategy risk management metrics and targets 68. gri content index board statement climate change has become the defining crisis of our time.
increasing efforts are now being directed at how to prepare the global financial system to manage carbon risk and bring solutions to the climate challenge, by bringing emissions down to net-zero.
it is against that backdrop that, valuemax group limited is committed to responsible business practices, environmental stewardship, and good corporate citizenship.
we have committed to integrating esg in our mainstream business agenda to drive long-term sustainability.
sustainability is a foundational element of valuemax.
we aspire to run a truly low-carbon operation, driving circularity into the core of our business.
the escalation of the climate crisis towards emergency status is a call for all of us to act and contribute to transforming the ways in which we live, produce and consume.
we believe our sustainable growth and success is possible with the sustainable development of the communities we operate in, be they social, business or national communities.
driving long-term sustainability is our vision.
centred on our key material issues, we will endeavour to set ourselves on the journey of achieving a good balance in financial growth as well as esg performance.
to embed sustainability holistically throughout the group, our sustainability strategy strives to focus on policy and commitments, our environmental footprint, capitalising on opportunities, and community involvement.
governance is core to our sustainability goal.
as one of the market leaders in both the pawnbroking and money-lending industries, we demonstrate our commitment through the adoption of responsible lending and borrowing practices.
the group is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing.
all group employees are trained to be vigilant to prevent any illegal use of the group's products and services by money launderers, terrorists or those financing terrorist activities.
to reflect this commitment, the company has developed a prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing pmltf framework and the related procedures and controls by drawing on practices from other related industries with significant pmltf compliance activities.
as part of a commitment to reduce our own environmental footprint, we have been conscious of our electricity consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.
our headquarters is certified with the eco-shop compliant mark by the singapore environmental council “sec” . the certification aligns our environmental performance in our headquarters to key evaluation criterion like indoor environment and air quality, resource recovery and recycling, water and energy conservation.
we aim to further reduce energy consumption by rolling out the same eco-shop standard to all our upcoming new shops.
managing risks well and capitalising on opportunities within sight for future returns are key to ensuring sustainable profitability.
in 2022, we clinched the edge singapore award for a fourth consecutive time.
valuemax was awarded the certificate of growth in pat over 3 years under the centurion category for retailers.
the award is a recognition of excellence for companies listed on the singapore exchange sgx , with a market capitalization of between $100 million and $999 million.
the objective is to encourage singapore companies to be more efficient, competitive and successful while being socially responsible.
being a responsible corporate citizen, we believe in giving back to the society by actively participating in business and community initiatives.
over the years, we have taken the lead to implement several major key initiatives such as making annual donations to uob's heartbeat charity campaign, actively supporting the community by getting hands-on experience and volunteering.
in 2022, our chairman, mr yeah hiang nam, also donated to the etonhouse community fund limited to help children from underprivileged backgrounds to advance their educational goals.
people are our most valuable asset.
moving forward, we are committed to continue investing in staff training and development and work on deepening staff engagement.
we believe that long-term investment in human capital is the key to the long-term sustainable success of valuemax group.
board of directors valuemax group limited at valuemax, we recognise the importance of sustainability to our business.
we work to create more value, using fewer resources than the year before.
we do it by managing our resources in a way that benefits our customers, employees, partners, community members and society while using fewer resources, minimizing waste, and improving the environmental performance and effectiveness of our services, products and processes.
we seek mutually beneficial outcomes with our stakeholders.
this sustainability report will highlight the challenges and material issues that are important to our stakeholders, our strategy in managing these challenges and issues, and how we have performed in terms of our key performance indicators.
scope of report during the year, we adopted a formal reporting approach by applying the international reporting framework, global reporting initiative “gri” standards, in preparing our sustainability report.
for reference to the gri content index, please refer to pages 67-71.
. the image depicts various pieces of jewelry, including watches, rings, necklaces, and bracelets, artistically arranged to resemble a tree.
this is likely used as a visual representation of valuemax's business and possibly a metaphor for growth and sustainability.
our strategic approach to sustainability with our vision and corporate values in mind, we are making an effort to integrate sustainability into the business model of valuemax so that it is systematic and seamless.
where possible, we incorporate sustainability considerations in our decision-making processes.
our sustainability efforts are led by our senior management who ensures that the group's business objectives are in line with our commitments to sustainable development.
senior management is responsible for on-going communication to the board of directors.
senior management has determined focus areas where valuemax can have the greatest economic, environmental and social impact, as well as the areas that are most important to our stakeholders.
valuemax has taken efforts to seek the opinion of internal and external stakeholders either formally or informally.
we aspire to understand the needs and expectations of our key stakeholders and strive to build mutual beneficial relationships.
governance structure diagram showing board of directors, our values, senior management, and connecting values: competence, reliability, empathy, dedication, integrity, teamwork.
reporting boundaries and standards the report is also prepared in accordance with gri principles for defining report content, including: materiality: focusing on issues that impact business growth and are of utmost importance to stakeholders.
stakeholder inclusiveness: responding to stakeholder expectations and interests.
sustainability context: presenting performance in the wider context of sustainability.
completeness: including all information that is of significant economic, environmental and social impact to enable stakeholders to assess the group's performance.
we use a consolidated operating approach to determine organisational boundaries.
our data is an aggregation of our 43 outlets with effect from 1 january 2022 in singapore.
our base year is 2017, the year we produced our first sustainability report.
reporting period and scope this report covers data and information from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 and discusses valuemax's achievements and performance towards environmental, social and governance issues.
it covers all entities that valuemax either has control of, or a significant influence over, in terms of financial and operational policies and measures.
all data contained herein is derived from valuemax's official documents and statistical reports.
the scope of the entities covered in this report is consistent with the scope of organizations discussed in the valuemax 2022 annual report.
this report has been prepared in accordance to the gri standards: core option.
valuemax prints only limited copies of this sustainability report as part of our environmental conservation efforts.
current electronic edition of the report is available at www.valuemax.com.sg target table for sustainability report economic financial valuemax contributes to the wider economy by creating jobs for employees; sourcing from suppliers of products and services, supporting local communities; paying taxes to governments and dividends to shareholders.
our conviction is to achieve a balanced triple bottomline in 'people, profit, planet' for sustainable growth both for the organisation and the community it operates in.
taxation valuemax is committed to complying with the tax laws and regulations across the countries in which we operate.
we file our tax returns accurately and in a timely manner, and fulfill our tax obligations appropriately.
2022 progress: apart from maintaining zero case of non-compliance with regard to tax management, valuemax paid singapore dollar21.2 million in employee compensation and benefits and accrued singapore dollar8.2 million in income tax payable in fy2022, an increase in 11% from fy2021.
2023 - 2025 target: valuemax aims to maintain zero case of non-compliance with regard to tax management.
environmental reducing energy and water consumption valuemax has been improving energy efficiency to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
with our flagship store at waterloo centre being newly certified as an eco-shop in 2018, four of our outlets have embarked on the eco-shop programme in collaboration with the singapore environmental council “sec” . 2022 progress: to optimize the energy and water efficiency of our premises, valuemax started monitoring the energy and water usage intensity for fy2022.
2023 - 2025 target: valuemax is committed to reductions in our energy and water consumption with efficiency measures.
we will continue to monitor the consumption of energy and water for the next fiscal year and the coming years.
reducing waste our resources are managed responsibly to create value for valuemax and our entities and that it promote a strong environmental friendly culture.
2022 progress: valuemax puts in environmental conservation effort through adopting reduce, reuse, recycle and energy efficient practices.
since fy2022, we have been monitoring the waste reduction.
the results of the coming years will be compared against that of the previous year, as well as fy2022 as the base year.
2023 - 2025 target: valuemax puts in environmental conservation effort through adopting reduce, reuse, recycle and energy efficient practices.
we promote environmental stewardship to our tenants, shoppers, and residents.
incorporate sustainability in procurement valuemax is currently adopting the applicable green procurement policies from greengov.sg framework and initiatives championed by agencies such as the national environment agency.
2022 progress: valuemax has continued with the procurement policies of certain categories of goods and equipment into fy2022.
the categories of goods include chilled water system, electrical appliances and paper.
2023 - 2025 target: we will continue to embed energy efficiency and sustainability considerations in our procurement by developing new operational practices.
esg material factors: 2022 progress and 2023-2025 targets environmental: emissions reduction 2022 progress: valuemax formulated an emissions reduction plan in fy2022.
major components of the carbon profile included: energy and water intensity, rental business, eco-shop certification scheme, freight carbon footprint, and business travel.
2023-2025 target: roll out the eco-shop standard to all shops.
raise environmental awareness at properties and rental businesses, promoting environmental stewardship to tenants, shoppers, and residents.
reduce carbon footprint from travel by using new communication modes.
embrace climate responsibility by planning more efficient transport routes for goods.
social diversity and equal opportunity: valuemax selects and empowers employees with diverse perspectives, aptitudes, skills, knowledge, experiences, and backgrounds.
this fosters collaboration to identify opportunities, solve problems, and create greater value.
challenges are solicited consistently and respectfully from all levels of the organization.
in fy2022, valuemax advocated for gender diversity in senior leadership, with two female directors among six board members.
a balanced gender ratio was maintained among employees.
fair work practices and remuneration were ensured based on individual performance, with no discrimination reported.
training and education: valuemax invested in employee development based on kpis, training, and employee engagement programs.
employees’ innate abilities are developed to contribute and succeed.
opportunities are created based on each individual’s unique gifts and potential.
employees are rewarded for their contribution to valuemax’s long-term success, consistent with core values.
mutually beneficial outcomes are sought by providing employees with benefit choices aligned with their values and personal situations.
in fy2022, valuemax maintained training hours of training per employee per employee.
mentorship culture was maintained, and employee development was ongoing through regular feedback and training.
additional training was provided through conferences and courses to equip employees with updated professional knowledge and skills.
the group contributed to employee benefits in accordance with recommendations from the ministry of manpower of singapore “mom” . staff requests were regularly reviewed, and new activities and team-building events were introduced.
2023-2025 targets: maintain or increase average training hours of training per employee per employee over the next three years.
implement a scheme supporting employee development through role design, coaching, mentoring, and encouraging role changes to realize full potential.
increase employee engagement by organizing peer-to-peer learning groups to discuss challenges and find solutions.
interview employees who leave to determine resignation reasons.
survey employees to improve the workplace.
esg material factors health and safety the safety and well-being of our employees and communities is our first priority.
we build capability in our employees and resilience in our systems to prevent serious incidents.
2022 progress: valuemax has no event of non-compliance of covid-19 safe management measures in fy2022.
since the covid-19 measures, the management team has set a strong foundation by providing a clear direction within the organisation of the value of an effective occupational health and safety management approach to foster risk-free and environmentally-friendly premises for our employees and customers.
2023 - 2025 target: valuemax aims to maintain no event of non-compliance of the workplace safety and health act.
we will continue to abide by the requirements to continue to ensure safe workplaces for all.
social labour-management relations valuemax openly and proactively communicates with employees about our principles.
we strive to treat every person with dignity and respect, encourage and foster networking, and sponsor activities that are inclusive and focus on shared interests.
we celebrate the uniqueness of each individual and believe it is disrespectful to judge a person—positively or negatively—based on group identity.
characteristics such as heritage, gender, and many others often inform an individual's experiences and perspectives and can help them create value, but no single characteristic should be used to define another person.
2022 progress: in fy2022, valuemax continues to personalize one-on-one discussions with an “open door” policy where employees will feel comfortable speaking up and trusting the leadership of the managers.
we made technology accessible to everyone by understanding the needs of all workers in adopting new digital tools.
2023 - 2025 target: valuemax will continue to build an inclusive culture that embraces diversity, treats employees fairly and provides equal opportunities is crucial to our long-term success, as it helps to foster creativity and innovation.
we will continue to provide the technology, tools, and training to use those tools so that new technology is not a burden.
customer privacy and data protection at valuemax, we conduct our business in strict adherence to data protection laws—the personal data protection act pdpa in singapore.
we apply a robust it security framework.
we leverage early-warning systems, data, and technology to quickly address problems and keep us on track.
2022 progress: there has been null incident of breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer data as we conduct our business in strict adherence to data protection laws in the areas of collection, use, disclosure and care of personal data.
2023 - 2025 target: we aim to maintain the security of our it systems and null incident of breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer data.
governance corporate governance valuemax embraces the tenets of sound corporate governance including accountability, transparency and sustainability.
valuemax strived, where applicable, to align its policies and practices to the regulatory standards.
2022 progress: sustainability is governed across various levels in the organisation—from the board and management to the working groups.
the standard operating procedure for valuemax sustainability reporting is issued in fy2022.
2023 - 2025 target: we aim to continue enhancing value to our shareholders over the long term with the appropriate people, processes and structure to direct and manage the business and affairs of the company, to achieve operational excellence and deliver the company’s long-term strategic objectives, enhancing value to its shareholders over the long-term.
esg material factors we are guided by the vision of creating more value for others through virtuous cycles of mutual benefit.
we strive to be a responsible corporate citizen by working closely with our stakeholders to understand their concerns and feedback.
governance compliance with laws and regulations the decision-making process in the group is strictly in line with legal and regulatory requirements under the ministry of law and in compliance with the code of corporate governance issued by monetary authority of singapore and the guidelines of the monetary authority of singapore.
we reviewed and monitored the group's policies and practices in respect to legal and regulatory requirements to comply with the various statutory and regulatory requirements.
this ensures that appropriate entity processes and controls are continued to be in place in fy2022.
in fy2022, there was no material fine, penalty or sanction was imposed on the valuemax for non-compliance in relation to any of the above.
there were no material losses as a result of legal proceedings.
ethics and integrity valuemax has robust compliance standards and risk management systems.
our global code of conduct, and the training on the code that all employees receive articulates expectations for every employee regardless of role.
with zero-tolerance policy on bribery and corruption, valuemax have in place effective monitoring and management control systems to detect bribery, fraud or other malpractice activities directly at the source.
we achieved 100 per cent completion rate for mandatory employee learning on aml/cft with zero case of non-compliance for fy2022.
prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing the group has developed a prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing “pmltf” framework and the related procedures and controls by drawing on best practices from related financial industries with significant pmltf compliance activities.
business partner and stakeholders engagement 2022 progress valuemax has continued to support the pawnbrokers association in the social media marketing as well as a number of capacity-building workshops.
in addition, we actively participated in sustainability forums for knowledge exchange and to deepen understanding of esg best practices.
2023 - 2025 target we will continue to build mutually beneficial, long-term partnerships with customers, employees, suppliers, regulators, and the communities in which we operate.
valuemax aims to continuously build mutually beneficial, long-term partnerships with regulators and the communities in which we operate, giving preference to those who are principled and committed to creating value in society.
we also aim to maintain 0 case of non-compliance of the legislation.
we aim to maintain our standard of compliance and to pave communication channels for employees and third parties for raising issues and concerns without retaliation.
valuemax aims to maintain 100% completion rates for mandatory staff training in fy2023 fraud awareness and whistle-blowing and zero incidents of corruption.
our target is to maintain 100 per cent compliance and to build partnerships with associations.
esg material factors and progress 2022-2025 risk management valuemax's enterprise risk management erm : valuemax implemented an erm framework to systematically identify, assess, and manage risks.
2022 progress: the board and audit committee found no major concerns regarding the group's internal controls or risk management systems in fy2022.
valuemax also established a set of sustainability risks and opportunities.
2023-2025 target: valuemax will continue to provide a channel for employees to report concerns related to financial and other matters, enabling independent investigation and appropriate follow-up action.
governance: supply chain and procurement practices supplier engagement: valuemax works closely with contractors and suppliers committed to high environmental, health, and safety standards.
procurement practices: procurement practices are designed to influence the supply chain towards responsible operations in areas such as anti-corruption, human rights, health, safety, and environmental management.
2022 progress: valuemax suppliers had no known cases of non-compliance with local and international regulatory guidelines.
2023-2025 target: valuemax aims to promote responsible business practices across its supply chain, focusing on human and labor rights, as well as environmental protection.
products and services sustainable jewellery: valuemax offers sustainable jewelry utilizing the circular economy model as part of its green economic approach.
circular solutions: the group integrates circular solutions into all stages of its value chain, using almost 100% recycled gold, diamonds, and precious stones in its jewelry.
2022 progress: through building circularity into its value chain, valuemax enhanced the circular economy through jewelry renewal, gold and diamond trade-ins, luxury watch trade-ins, and merchandise leveraging reclaimed gold and repurposed diamonds.
2023-2025 target: valuemax will strive to minimize the environmental, social, and community impact of its raw material usage in jewelry crafting and sales.
community: corporate social responsibility corporate citizenship: valuemax believes in giving back to society, striving to achieve financial objectives while also serving the local community.
2022 progress: valuemax actively participated in business and community initiatives.
2023-2025 target: valuemax aims to continue its philanthropic efforts to improve society through mutual benefit.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image to extract.
there are also no images other than the chart-like table structure.
accountability to stakeholders we strive to be a responsible corporate citizen by working closely with our stakeholders to understand their concerns and feedback.
the stakeholder engagement provides valuable information for our sustainability reporting, particularly in determining the material environmental and social issues.
we will continue to engage our external stakeholders more extensively to identify areas that are material, sustainable and necessary for future development.
our key stakeholders & how we engage them our key stakeholders: our customers , how we engage them: informal feedback sessions informal surveys conducted by management zoom meetings, key topics: product features, value proposition of valuemax customer feedback our key stakeholders: shareholders and financial community , how we engage them: annual general meeting emails and tele-conferences with investors and financial analysts, key topics: financial results key business developments such as new acquisitions, opening of new outlets, entering new related businesses, etc. investor relations our key stakeholders: employees , how we engage them: periodic townhall meetings performance appraisals team bonding and company events internal communication through face-to-face meetings, telephone calls, emails, whatsapp and social media zoom meetings, key topics: information update by management staff feedback on work-related issues our key stakeholders: suppliers , how we engage them: regular meetings emails and telephone calls tradeshows zoom meetings, key topics: feedback on their products and services information of their new product or service our key stakeholders: government and regulatory agencies , how we engage them: consultations discussions, key topics: regulatory and industry standards and guidelines our key stakeholders: local community , how we engage them: community outreach activities, key topics: partner with local not-for-profit charitable organisations to identify the target beneficiaries our key stakeholders: media , how we engage them: regular communication through meetings, emails and telephone calls zoom meetings, key topics: financial results key business developments our key stakeholders: trade associations , how we engage them: regular communication through meetings, emails, telephone calls and online meetings, key topics: initiatives for industry and businesses feedback on government policies table end.
materiality matrix importance to stakeholders the image shows a materiality matrix illustrating the importance of various factors to both external and internal stakeholders.
the matrix uses a 5x5 grid, with importance to external stakeholders on the y-axis and importance to internal stakeholders on the x-axis.
each numbered item on the matrix corresponds to a factor listed below.
key factors: 1. legal compliance and governance 2. anti-corruption and anti-fraud 3. service quality and responsibility 4. health and safety 5. economic contribution to society 6. certified green office 7. wages and local hiring 8. environmental impact assessment and mitigation 9. diversity and equal opportunity 10. training and education 11. business partners engagement 12. stakeholder engagement 13. labour-management relations 14. supply chain and procurement practices 15. customer privacy and data protection 16. health & safety 17. responsible supply chain management 18. risk management 19. reducing energy and water consumption 20. reducing waste 21. emission reduction 22. taxation 23. corporate social responsibility 24. ethics and integrity 25. products and services our value creation model economic : a graphic representing upward trending economic growth.
generate good returns to shareholders drive cost and skills leadership maintain market leadership position drive consistent business prospects through organic growth and acquisitions environmental : a graphic depicting a plant growing, symbolizing environmental growth.
promote a strong environmental-friendly culture promote environmental conservation through waste minimisation, recycling and energy efficient practices social : a graphic showing interconnected people, representing a social network.
build a resilient organisation and caring society provide the financial mechanism to promote greater support for the short-term financing/micro-financing in society build partnership and bonds with stakeholder invest in employee development based on kpis, training and employee engagement programmes governance : a graphic of an eye with a bar chart, symbolizing oversight and performance monitoring.
focus on risk management by having good corporate governance and well-developed policies and procedures achieve compliance management with applicable laws and regulations corporate profile valuemax provides pawnbroking, moneylending, retail of jewellery and timepieces, as well as gold trading services.
with a history dating back to 1988, valuemax grew over the years and in 2013 became the first pawnbroking chain to be listed on the mainboard of the singapore stock exchange.
drawing on a solid track record of professional service and in-depth industry knowledge, valuemax has expanded to 43 pawnbroking and retail outlets at strategic locations throughout singapore and has 2 other pawnshops operated by associated and investee companies.
abroad, valuemax operates 23 outlets in malaysia through its associated companies.
valuemax is also involved in the business of gold trading and moneylending.
externally, we rely on our customers and partners.
customers are at the heart of everything we do, and we create value for them with our services and products.
internally, we rely on our hard-working and dedicated employees.
we work with a broad range of stakeholders including partners, industry organizations, and standards organizations to cultivate a broader ecosystem that thrives on shared success.
in this way, we can help drive the growth of the industry as a whole.
we create local employment opportunities, pay taxes, and comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the countries where we operate.
we also openly engage with governments, the media, and other stakeholders.
awards and certifications the edge billion dollar club 2022, centurion category under retailers category - growth in pat over 3 years; singapore corporate awards 2021/2022 - a special recognition award to recognise outstanding and exemplary conduct related to corporate governance not covered by the other awards; the edge billion dollar club 2020, centurion category under banking & investment services category; overall sector winner; the fastest-growing company; the most profitable company.
ey entrepreneur of the year in 2019 by our ceo and managing director, mr yeah hiang nam, pbm singapore quality class – service award in recognition of our commitment towards business and quality excellence; 15th sias investors' choice award – most transparent company award 2014, runner up position for new issues; 2014 singapore sme 1000 awards in net profit excellence; 2014 singapore sme 1000 awards in sales growth excellence; prestige brand award – established brands 2010; enterprise 50 award 2010; and entrepreneur of the year award 2010 by our managing director and ceo mr yeah hiang nam, pbm.
our vision to be the most trusted alternative financial services provider, lending strength to communities.
our mission to provide excellent value to our customers through professionalism, reliability and fair pricing.
our values c - competence; providing professional services r - reliability; delivering value consistently e - empathy; understanding the needs of customers d - dedication; putting best efforts at work i - integrity; upholding our trustworthiness t - teamwork; treating one another like family financial highlights revenue $'million year: fy2018, revenue $'million : 208.7 year: fy2019, revenue $'million : 235.9 year: fy2020, revenue $'million : 276.1 year: fy2021, revenue $'million : 275.5 year: fy2022, revenue $'million : 287.1 table end.
profit before tax $'million year: fy2018, profit before tax $'million : 23.6 year: fy2019, profit before tax $'million : 31.3 year: fy2020, profit before tax $'million : 40.1 year: fy2021, profit before tax $'million : 49.6 year: fy2022, profit before tax $'million : 53.3 table end.
net asset value $'million year: fy2018, net asset value $'million : 197.4 year: fy2019, net asset value $'million : 221.7 year: fy2020, net asset value $'million : 255 year: fy2021, net asset value $'million : 327.4 year: fy2022, net asset value $'million : 369 table end.
earnings per share singapore cents year: fy2018, earnings per share singapore cents : 3.8 year: fy2019, earnings per share singapore cents : 4.68 year: fy2020, earnings per share singapore cents : 6 year: fy2021, earnings per share singapore cents : 6.38 year: fy2022, earnings per share singapore cents : 6.21 table end.
financial capital valuemax posted singapore dollar287.1 million revenue for fy 2022 with a consistent growth plan and a healthy pace of expansion at 2 to 3 new outlets in singapore and malaysia per year.
our business model focuses on cost leadership without compromising our service level and highest priority on customers' interest.
we seek organic growth from the existing outlets as well as through the acquisition of new businesses that reap good returns.
the success of our business is highly dependent on the commitment of our management and staff.
their knowledge, professional expertise and their job satisfaction are key to our economic sustainability.
sound risk management coupled with good corporate governance policies and practices are vital in driving the group's long-term growth and shareholder value.
the group maintains a prudent capital structure and actively reviews its cashflows and overall liquidity position on an ongoing basis.
in today's highly volatile business environment, valuemax has, beyond sustained earnings, diligently embraced prudent financial management, capitalized on our assets and investments, and remained focused on growth strategies, to enhance shareholders’ value.
for more information on valuemax's financial and business performance, please refer to annual report fy2022.
our approach valuemax contributes to the wider economy by creating jobs for employees, sourcing from suppliers of products and services, supporting local communities, paying taxes to governments and dividends to shareholders.
promoting responsible financing is also a part of our growing business and one of our contributions to the society.
we achieve an economic presence by contributing to the range of short to medium term credit facilities to individuals and corporations, while maintaining good stewardship of the resources we manage and generate good shareholders' value.
we have frameworks, policies, guidelines and procedures in place to ensure that we remain responsible and disciplined in how we drive our growth to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities.
sustainability trends such as climate change, resource scarcity and demographic changes shape the competitive environment in which valuemax operates by introducing long-term sustainability opportunities and recognising risks.
we therefore view our business performance beyond short-term gains and financial bottomline.
our conviction is to achieve a balanced triple bottomline in ‘people, profit, planet’ for sustainable growth both for the organisation and the community it operates in.
group businesses each of our outlets is operated by a team of professional valuers and operations staff, overseen by valuemax's corporate office.
we strive to maintain our market position by ensuring we gain the trust of our customers and their families, while consistently building our reputation and brand name.
more importantly, we strive to contribute positively to the society through our economic presence by contributing to the range of short to medium term credit facilities to individuals and corporations, while maintaining good stewardship of the resources we manage and generate good shareholders' value.
the main sources of the group’s operating cashflows are derived from pawnbroking, moneylending, retail of jewellery and watches, and gold trading businesses.
. this image showcases the range of products and services offered by valuemax.
group businesses pawn broking the main business of the group is pawnbroking service.
pawnbroking is a form of collateralized loan.
pawners pledge personal valuables as collaterals for the loans extended.
typical pledges include jewellery in yellow or white gold, diamond jewellery, and branded timepieces.
gold, platinum or silver bars and coins are also pawned.
money lending the group's moneylending business grants both secured and unsecured loans.
the main target market for the moneylending business includes businessmen and corporates that have urgent cash needs.
in addition, the group also provides financing to the automotive industry.
retail of jewellery & watches the group sells both new and pre-owned jewellery at all its outlets.
the merchandise includes gold and diamond jewellery, gold bars and coins, branded watches and hermès bags.
pre-owned gold and diamond jewellery undergo a makeover process to look new, while pre-owned watches are polished and the movements thoroughly checked.
the rejuvenated pre-owned items are sold at attractive second-hand prices.
gold trading the group's gold trading wholesale company purchases scrap gold from its own subsidiaries as well as other pawnbrokers and jewellery traders, while it sells fine gold bars to jewellery factories, wholesalers and retailers.
responsible tax management as an investor, taxpayer and employer, valuemax contributes to the economies of singapore and malaysia in which we operate.
we recognize and value the benefits for society that arise from fair, effective and predictable tax regimes.
we are committed to acting with integrity, honesty and transparency in all matters related to tax and ensure we adhere to the highest standards of corporate governance.
our business performance in 2022, we generated pre-tax profits of $53.3 million and paid $21.2 million in employee compensation and benefits and accrued $8.2 million in income tax payable.
there were no material instances of non-compliance with regard to tax management.
from profit after tax of $45 million, we intend to distribute dividends of $14.63 million to shareholders subject to their approval at the company annual general meeting.
across our network, we created livelihoods for over 300 people with a high percentage of local employee representation, and have also supported local businesses, creating jobs through the goods and services we bought from our suppliers in our four key businesses.
our tax commitments indirect taxes: these are taxes collected by valuemax on behalf of governments like gst, employees' cpf contribution, etc. direct taxes: these are all types of taxes borne by valuemax like corporation tax, stamp duty, employers' cpf contribution, etc. direct non-tax based fees: these are all other forms of charges which are collected by government in addition to taxes like license fees, etc. license fees include pawnbroking license fees, moneylending license fees, precious stones and precious metals license fees and the above-stated license renewal fees.
image description: a stylized image depicting a handshake with a city skyline in the background, symbolizing partnerships and economic activity.
key components of our tax strategy compliance in all territories in which we operate, ensure that there is integrity in all reported tax numbers, timely compliance with relevant statutory tax obligations and payment of all taxes due under the rules set by governments.
transparency support responsible taxation through a transparent relationship with tax authorities.
manage the group's reputation through an appropriate, externally published, tax policy, and clear reporting on our tax and economic contributions.
tax cost and risk management ensure the group pays the correct amount of taxes and manages risks in accordance with the regulations and robustly defend tax positions for the benefit of the group's stakeholders.
constructive engagement engage with governments, authorities and other bodies constructively and cooperatively in the interests of all our stakeholders.
people be a great place to work and develop for all our people.
ensure there is a diverse and inclusive working environment with a focus on continual professional development and be a compliant tax team.
business partnering be recognised as a trusted and vital partner by our business stakeholders and customers, facilitating solutions that align with the commercial aims and overall business strategy of the group.
valuemax's tax principles valuemax is committed to complying with the tax laws and regulations across the countries in which we operate.
the group chief financial officer is responsible for oversight of all tax matters.
we file our tax returns accurately and in a timely manner, and fulfill our tax obligations responsibly.
we will: comply fully with all relevant legal and regulatory obligations in line with our broader social responsibilities and our stakeholders’ expectations; act with integrity in all tax matters, disclosing all relevant facts to tax authorities in all countries in which we operate under a policy of full transparency and based on open and honest relationships with those authorities; pursue clarity and predictability on all tax matters, wherever feasible; and seek to protect shareholder value in line with our broader fiduciary duties.
we will not: seek to establish arrangements that are artificial in nature, are not linked to genuine business requirements and would not stand up to scrutiny by the relevant tax authorities; artificially transfer profits from one jurisdiction to another to minimize tax payments; or pay more tax than is properly due under a reasonable interpretation of the law and upon receipt of a lawful demand.
tax compliance tax principle : principle 1 – accountability & governance tax is a core part of corporate responsibility and governance and is overseen by the board of directors the board ., compliance : refer to valuemax's tax principles and strategy tax principle : principle 2 – compliance we comply with the tax legislation of the countries in which we operate and pay the right amount of tax at the right time, in the countries where we create value., compliance : valuemax files our tax returns accurately and timely.
we fulfill our tax obligations and have no identified case of non-compliance in tax reporting and payment in 2022. we aim to maintain zero case of non-compliance with regard to tax management.
tax principle : principle 3 – business structure we will only use business structures that are driven by commercial considerations, are aligned with business activity and which have genuine substance.
we do not seek abusive tax results., compliance : a full list of all of our subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associated undertakings is found in our 2022 annual report.
tax principle : principle 4 – relationship with authorities valuemax will be open, transparent and cooperative in our dealings with the relevant tax authorities and we comply with legal obligations, including compliance, reporting and payment responsibilities., compliance : we abide by guidelines or recommendations issued by tax authorities and respond to tax queries in a timely manner and being forthcoming with information when requested.
store locations north ang mo kio 703 ang mo kio avenue 8 01-2529 s 560703 t: 6456 7990 339 ang mo kio avenue 1 01-1585 s 560339 t: 6452 0679 admiralty 678a woodlands ave 6, 01-12, admiralty place s 731678 t: 6816 6633 bishan 282 bishan street 22 01-151 s 570282 t: 6452 0596 hougang central 809 hougang central 01-182 s 530809 t: 6385 0186 kovan 204 hougang street 21 01-121 s 530204 t: 6285 7600 punggol mrt 70 punggol central 01-03 punggol mrt station s 828868 t: 6886 0060 rivervale 11 rivervale crescent 01-23/24 rivervale mall s 545082 t: 6978 5089 sengkang kopitiam square 10 sengkang square shop 01-116 kopitiam square s 544829 t: 6817 8711 sengkang mrt 5 sengkang square 02-03 sengkang mrt station s 545062 t: 6384 9700 serangoon central 262 serangoon central drive 01-99 s 550262 t: 6858 6500 woodlands mrt 30 woodlands avenue 2 01-50 woodlands mrt station s 738343 t: 6362 0200 woodlands vista point 548 woodlands drive 44 01-17/18 vista point s 730548 t: 6893 0871 yishun 292 yishun street 22 01-275 s 760292 t: 6752 2232 925 yishun central 1 01-227 s 760925 t: 6817 8712 yishun junction 9 18 yishun avenue 9 01-40, junction nine, s 768897 t: 6011 9720 yishun chong pang 101 yishun avenue 5 01-63 s 760101 t: 6754 2251 central balestier 621 balestier road s 329913 t: 6817 2875 boon keng 25 bendemeer road 01-579 s 330025 t: 6299 3550 bugis 66 queen street, bugis village s 188545 t: 6817 8976 havelock 77 indus road 01-527 s 160077 t: 6272 1800 lucky plaza 304 orchard road 01-22 lucky plaza s 238863 t: 6950 5533 304 orchard road 01-24/25 lucky plaza s 238863 t: 6978 5088 people's park centre 101 upper cross street 01-14 people's park centre s 058357 t: 6950 5621 west bukit batok 1 bukit batok central link 01-24 west mall s 658713 t: 6817 8763 boon lay mrt 301 boon lay way 01-21/22 boon lay mrt station s 649846 t: 6790 0955 bukit gombak 372 bukit batok street 31 01-368 s 650372 t: 6569 0500 bukit batok east 272 bukit batok east avenue 4 01-60 s 650272 t: 6817 2735 choa chu kang 309 choa chu kang avenue 4 01-02 choa chu kang centre s 680309 t: 6817 2958 jurong point 1 jurong west central 2 01-05 to 07 jurong point jp2 s 648886 t: 6817 2878 jcube 2 jurong east central 1 01-01 jcube s 609731 t: 6817 8760 boon lay 221 boon lay place 01-198 boon lay shopping center s 640221 t: 6950 3506 east aljunied 119 aljunied avenue 2 01-40 s 380119 t: 6742 0057 bedok town centre 213 bedok north street 1 01-121 s 460213 t: 6243 2126 bedok town centre 218 bedok north street 1 01-31 s 460218 t: 6441 2480 joo chiat complex ar-rahnu 1 joo chiat road 01-1023 joo chiat complex s 420001 t: 6817 6176 pasir ris east 442 pasir ris drive 6 01-24 s 510442 t: 6583 8398 pasir ris mrt 10 pasir ris central 01-13 pasir ris mrt station s 519634 t: 6582 2388 tampines 138 tampines street 11 01-102 s 521138 t: 6817 6158 tampines central 513 tampines central 1 01-168 s 520513 t: 6787 3738 tampines eastlink mall 8 tampines central 1 01-16 eastlink mall s 529543 t: 6789 3390 held by an associated company in singapore note: this markdown table represents the information extracted from the provided image.
the original image contains additional formatting like the color-coding of the sections which cannot be fully reproduced in markdown.
board governance the background, skills and experience of our board members are diverse and broad and include holding or having held top management positions at financial services and other companies in singapore and abroad, as well as international organizations of diverse sectors.
the board is composed of individuals with wide-ranging professional expertise in key areas including finance and financial management, risk management, audit and compliance, digitalization, technology and cyber security, esg and regulatory affairs, and human resources and incentive structures.
further, board members are well informed about esg topics as a result of their experience serving as non-executive directors and prior executive roles in listed companies with well-established corporate governance structures.
diversity of experience and opinion are important aspects of board composition, as well as gender diversity.
the collective experience and expertise of our board members as of the end of 2022 across those key areas considered particularly relevant for the group is illustrated in the chart below.
gender diversity table: gender diversity 2022 gender: female, percentage: 28.6% gender: male, percentage: 71.4% table end.
board member experience percentage experience category: leadership development experience, percentage: 80% experience category: international business/organization, percentage: 80% experience category: non-executive board member for listed company, percentage: 70% experience category: executive-level role in financial, jewellery retail and/or pawnbroking industry 10 years , percentage: 70% experience category: executive-level role in non-financial, jewellery retail and/or pawnbroking industry 10 years , percentage: 30% table end.
board member expertise percentage expertise category: finance, financial management, percentage: 80% expertise category: pawnbroking, percentage: 70% expertise category: jewellery retail, percentage: 60% expertise category: hr and incentive structures, percentage: 20% expertise category: risk, audit and/or compliance, percentage: 20% expertise category: regulatory and/or esg, percentage: 10% expertise category: digitalization, technology, cybersecurity, percentage: 10% table end.
governance corporate governance valuemax embraces the tenets of sound corporate governance including accountability, transparency, and sustainability.
we are committed to enhancing value to its shareholders over the long term with the appropriate people, processes, and structure to direct and manage the business and affairs of the company, to achieve operational excellence and deliver the company’s long-term strategic objectives, enhancing value to its shareholders over the long-term.
sustainability is governed across various levels in the organization – from the board and management to the working groups.
to embed sustainability across the organization, we also review the performance of our management on various esg kpis which ensures that the group’s business objectives are in line with our commitments to sustainable development.
the management team is responsible for on-going communication to the board of directors.
senior management has determined focus areas where valuemax can have the greatest economic, environmental, and social impact, as well as the areas that are most important to our stakeholders.
regular engagement with our stakeholders provides a core input for determining our material focus areas.
we engage our internal and external stakeholders to understand their concerns, expectations and emerging priorities.
this enables us to initiate collaboration and be part of formulating or facilitating a solution, building mutually beneficial relationships.
target we are committed to enhancing value to its shareholders over the long term with the appropriate people, processes, and structure to direct and manage the business and affairs of the company, to achieve operational excellence and deliver the company’s long-term strategic objectives, enhancing value to its shareholders over the long-term.
governance compliance with laws and regulations corporate governance and compliance have always been one of the top priorities for the group.
the decision-making process in the group is strictly in line with legal and regulatory requirements under the ministry of law and in compliance with the code of corporate governance issued by monetary authority of singapore and their guidelines.
it is imperative for valuemax to comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
instances of non-compliance may subject us to liabilities such as monetary penalties, reputational damage, suspension or the revocation of our license to operate.
our approach to ensure compliance with the various statutory and regulatory requirements across all outlets, our management team is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the group's policies and practices in respect to legal and regulatory requirements across all outlets.
we have a comprehensive compliance framework to monitor key compliance risks and ensure appropriate entity processes and controls are in place.
any non-compliance of the relevant laws and regulations and the proposed resolutions will be reported to the board of directors on a quarterly basis.
consumer credit acts the group has put in place a governance and control framework that incorporates training, advisory, enforcement and compliance with policies and procedures around the pawnbrokers act and moneylenders act.
any employee who contravenes these policies and standards may be subject to investigation and disciplinary action.
major incidents may also be escalated to the authorities and lead to prosecution of the parties involved.
we are committed to conducting business professionally and in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and highest ethical standards.
sgx's regulatory compliance the group has put in place policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, particularly those relating to pawnbrokers act and moneylenders act.
at the corporate level, we also ensure that we are in compliance, both in substance and in spirit, with the listing rules of singapore exchange securities trading limited, securities and futures act and singapore companies act.
any new enactment of or changes to the relevant laws and regulations will be communicated to all operations and management staff via emails and small group meetings.
such communication is necessary to ensure that all staff are aware of the changes and can carry out the necessary steps and actions to ensure compliance.
personal data protection act while we seek to leverage our data to serve our customers responsibly, we adhere and uphold the personal data protection act “pdpa” . we have put in place policies to ensure we are in compliance with pdpa and we respect our customers' choices in respect of their personal data and the protection of our customers' privacy.
the main purpose for which personal data is collected by valuemax in singapore is to furnish information to our customers pertaining to our products and services, to record their credit loans and their accounts, process payments, as well as to address questions and feedback.
there has been no incidence of product and service misinformation, mis-labelling or inappropriate marketing communications.
covid-19 regulatory response valuemax has also ensured its compliance with the government advisories on covid-19 restrictions such as social distancing measures.
these measures have since been embedded into our daily operations to ensure business continuity in the changing operational landscape.
other mandatory measures have also been instituted, such as temperature screening, split operations, work-from-home arrangements and weekly antigen rapid test art self-test.
as at the publication of this report, valuemax has no instance of non-compliance with the covid-19 laws and regulations.
governance target valuemax is a member of both singapore pawnbrokers association and credit association of singapore which have regular meetings with the regulating authorities under the ministry of law.
we also aim to build mutually beneficial, long-term partnerships with regulators and the communities in which we operate, giving preference to those who are principled and committed to creating value in society.
the group has not received any other notification in relation to any breach of current legislation and we aim to maintain this credential of strict compliance in fy2022.
ethics and integrity as the custodian of our customers' assets, we are accountable for upholding the highest standards of ethics and integrity.
this helps to ensure that valuemax remains a source of stability, security and strength for our stakeholders.
we promote an ethical and ‘act with integrity’ culture throughout the group and our outlets.
we seek to conduct our business in an ethical manner and in compliance with the best practices in the pawnbroking and money lending industries.
all directors, valuers, operations and management staff are required to fully comply with our principles set in our employee handbook and employment contract.
business conduct and ethics for directors the board is committed to ethics and integrity of action and adheres to the highest standards of ethical conduct.
this sets the appropriate tone from the top in respect of the desired organisational culture, and ensures proper accountability within the group.
in line with this, the board has a standing policy which requires each director to not allow himself/herself to get into a situation where there is a conflict between his/her duty to the company and his/her own interests.
business conduct and ethics for employees valuemax document policies and work procedures which incorporate internal controls to ensure that adequate checks and balances are in place.
periodic audits are also conducted to evaluate the efficacy of these internal controls.
we build and maintain the right organisational culture through its core values, educating its staff on business conduct and ethical values.
data privacy we recognise that every individual has a right to safeguard their personal data and that the onus is on us to ensure that all data entrusted to us is only used for legitimate and reasonable purposes.
we continually strengthen our controls for data management to ensure the appropriate collection, use and disclosure of data.
our performance in 2022 we respect all laws and regulations including those pertaining to environmental, social and economic impact, product and service information and labelling, and marketing communications which includes advertising, promotion and sponsorship.
in 2022, no material fine, penalty or sanction was imposed on the valuemax for non-compliance in relation to any of the above.
in 2022, there were no material losses as a result of legal proceedings.
target we aim to maintain robust compliance standards and risk management systems.
our policies, procedures and training that all employees receive articulates expectations for every employee regardless of role.
in addition to the periodic audits and the organization culture on business conduct and ethical values, valuemax also aims to pave communication channels for employees and third parties for raising issues and concerns.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images to replace with placeholders.
governance anti-corruption and anti-fraud financial crimes undermine both the integrity and trust of the financial system.
preventing financial crime activities is one of many first steps in helping us confront multiple societal issues.
with a zero-tolerance policy on bribery and corruption, valuemax has in place effective monitoring and management control systems to detect bribery, fraud, or other malpractice activities directly at the source.
anti-corruption policy and standard the anti-corruption policy and standard of valuemax encompasses elements of risk assessment, controls and monitoring, due diligence, rules over gifts and entertainment, and reporting.
all these are underpinned by senior management commitment and communication.
specifically, bribery and corruption can take many forms including the provision or acceptance of political contributions, charitable contributions, kickbacks, and others.
anti-fraud standards valuemax anti-fraud standards include elements of reporting and analysis, identification and assessment of fraud risks, fraud controls and monitoring, investigation and remediation, all of which are underpinned by strategy, governance, and culture.
zero tolerance policy valuemax has a zero-tolerance policy to internal fraud and to breaches of the company's code of conduct.
all employees are informed that valuemax will not hesitate to investigate and to report incidents of internal fraud to the appropriate authorities.
whistle-blowing programme we have established a whistle-blowing mechanism for employees and any other concerned stakeholders such as customers and their families, suppliers, competitors, and contractors.
a direct whistle-blowing channel has also been implemented to enable our employees to get direct access to our managing director and ceo as well as our chairman of audit committee.
by doing so, our stakeholders can be assured that all reports or suspicion of potential breaches of our employee guidelines are taken seriously by the group.
our stakeholders can also reach our executive director or cfo via telephone or email through the contact information listed on our website.
in 2022, there were no anonymous and non-anonymous whistle-blowing reports received by group audit through the various reporting channels.
the reports were investigated independently by group audit, with findings reported to the audit committee.
our performance 100% completion of mandatory staff training.
zero incident of corruption based on results of operational risk management check 2022. the assessment spans across topics on fraud, it security, physical security risks, business continuity management, internal controls, and risk culture.
target maintain 100% completion rates for mandatory staff training in 2023 and maintain zero incidents of corruption.
image description: an image showing an abacus and a pile of gold coins.
governance anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing valuemax has established policies and procedures to manage risks for its moneylending, pawnbroking, gold trading and retail businesses.
the group is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations related to the prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing, and to deterring customers, suppliers, borrowers and pawners from using valuemax as a conduit for illegal activity.
the board expects all employees to be vigilant to prevent any illegal use of the group's products and services by money launderers, terrorists or those financing terrorist activities.
objectives to reflect this commitment, the group has developed a prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing “pmltf” framework and the related procedures and controls by drawing on best practices from related financial industries with significant pmltf compliance activities.
the objectives of this framework are: to protect the group from having its products and services used by money launderers, terrorists and parties that finance terrorist activities; to protect the reputation of the group; to achieve compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements; to identify and adopt strong, risk-based industry practices in relation to pmltf.
target there is no anti-money laundering and financing terrorism non-compliance case in 2022. valuemax aims to maintain zero non-compliance case in 2023. . governance key components and accounting principles valuemax understands that the best way to fulfill the commitment in the third schedule of pawnbrokers act 2014 – measures for prevention of money laundering and financing of terrorism the “pmft” and in the precious stones and precious metals prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing is to establish effective internal policies, procedures and controls that are conducive to: customer due diligence measures the “cdd” records keeping detection of unusual or suspicious applications or transactions, and the making of disclosures under section 39 1 of the corruption, drug trafficking and other serious crimes confiscation of benefits act cap.
65a or part iii of the terrorism suppression of financing act cap.
325 audit of the internal policies, procedures and controls compliance management arrangements the hiring and training of employees; and identify mltf risks that may arise in relation to new technologies.
governance valuemax maintains board-level engagement in managing financial crime risk through a dedicated compliance committee of the board of directors.
this committee reviews the status of related programs, key risk and performance indicators, new or emerging industry and regulatory trends, as well as regulatory exams and audits.
managing client risk including kyc our global anti-money laundering aml policy, supported by global client due diligence cdd standards, establishes the requirements through which we assess the risk of financial crime associated with our clients and transactions.
we apply a risk-based approach, and the global aml policy sets out the kyc processes that must be applied based on the risk associated with clients at onboarding, and throughout the entirety of the client lifecycle.
our kyc processes are consistent globally, incorporating additional local requirements as applicable.
ongoing monitoring valuemax monitors transactions to identify unusual or suspicious activity, behaviours or patterns of activity.
we review any transactions that raise alerts in our processes or systems and investigate as appropriate to ensure the transaction has a legitimate business reason in line with the expected activity of our clients.
reporting valuemax maintains a global risk assessment of financial crime risk, which is refreshed annually.
the results of the risk assessment are presented to the board of directors and senior management and the results will be used to update the indicators in our programs and testing regimes.
we submit suspicious activity reports as required to the local authorities.
testing we maintain an operation team that is responsible for periodic risk-based monitoring and testing of key controls associated with the management of financial crime risk.
the team works closely with our compliance committee of the board of directors, but acts autonomously to ensure independent oversight.
governance risk management the group recognises the importance of risk management and how business risks may adversely affect valuemax's business performance.
since 2013, we started our enterprise risk management “erm” framework to roll out a systematic approach to identify, assess and manage risks.
we are pleased to update all stakeholders that our erm framework is now fully implemented.
for further details on risk management, please refer to the corporate governance section of annual report fy2022.
internal controls the internal controls environment ensures the group's maintenance of proper accounting records, compliance with applicable regulations and best practices, and timely identification and containment of financial, operational and compliance risks.
the system of internal controls provides reasonable assurance against material financial misstatements or loss and includes the safeguarding of assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records, the reliability of financial information, compliance with appropriate legislation, regulation and best practices and the identification and management of business risks.
internal audit the audit committee's responsibility in overseeing that the company's risk management system and internal controls are adequate is complemented by the company's appointment of kpmg services pte ltd as the internal auditor of the company.
the internal auditor had adopted the standards for the professional practice of internal auditing set by the institute of internal auditors.
the audit committee will, at least annually, review the adequacy, effectiveness and independence of the internal audit function.
during the financial year under review, internal audit reviews were conducted on the operations of the subsidiaries within the group.
our performance the board and audit committee did not identify any major concern on the group's internal controls or risk management systems for the financial year 2022 under review.
for further details on risk management, please refer to the corporate governance section of annual report fy2022.
target valuemax aims to strengthen the whistle-blowing policy to provide an avenue through which employees may report or communicate, in good faith and in confidence, any concerns relating to financial and other matters, so that independent investigation of such matters can be conducted and appropriate follow-up action taken.
the executive directors are in charge of managing this specific area and ensuring its implementation.
image of two modern buildings viewed from below there is no textual or tabular data in the provided image.
the image only contains a photograph of two buildings.
governance circular economy and sustainable jewellery more than half of the world's economic value generation depends on natural resources, and a rising global middle class over recent decades has increased global consumption, including in the lifestyle and luxury industries, increasing the pressure on natural systems.
as a leader in the local pawnbroking industry, valuemax ensures that our process of renewing and sales of our jewellery has the lowest impact possible on the environment, people and communities.
we obtain most of our inventory from the community who bring in their gold and jewellery to our outlets.
we integrate circular solutions into all stages of our value chain with over 80% recycled gold, diamonds and precious stones in our jewellery.
. the current population of 8bn will have increased to 10.5bn by 2075. our current economic model: make consume dispose ...is unsustainable valuemax's approach to circularity: valuemax builds circularity into every stage of its value chain: 1. sourcing: we obtain most of our inventory from people in the community who bring in gold and jewellery that they are no longer using.
2. crafting: we use recycled precious stones and metals to craft and repair the jewellery.
3. restoration: our in-house restoration prolongs the life of jewellery through repair and refurbishment.
valuemax - adding value to the circular economy package jewellery care and repair services extending the usable life of a product is at the heart of a circular economy.
valuemax repairs and restores jewellery for retail sales.
luxury watches trade-in behind the face of a luxury watch lies what in many cases is an immense ecological footprint stemming from a long and complex supply chain.
valuemax reduces social and environmental footprint by recycling watches and luxury goods.
merchandise leveraging reclaimed gold and repurposed diamonds valuemax breathes new, contemporary life into used gold and diamonds.
a portion of the loose diamonds and precious metals from old jewellery are sent to our in-house workshop, where our jewellers repurpose and incorporate them into new designs.
gold and diamond trade-in valuemax takes in pre-owned jewellery each year through our business.
they are renewed and recirculated through the economy.
illustrative graphic of valuemax's circular economy initiatives.
service quality and responsibility our service quality and responsibility to our customers rank high for the sustainable success of the group.
we are committed to provide fair valuation of the valuables our customers bring to our chain of outlets and we emphasize service excellence for every customer.
our approach our service quality is one of the significant elements that influence the customer to choose valuemax.
our valuers and professional staff serve our customers professionally and ethically.
customers are advised on the valuation of their collaterals based on the current market price as well as the terms of their contracts.
our performance there has been no incidence of non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area.
target valuemax aims to provide the quality service that is in the consumer's rights to expect by complying with the consumer protection fair trading act cap.
52a . we ensure the consumers' right to expect acceptable quality through services that are provided with due care or skill, fit for any specified purpose, and provided in a reasonable time.
the image shows valuemax employees interacting with a customer and a laptop displaying the valuemax logo.
governance awards and achievements singapore corporate awards: celebrating the best in corporate governance.
singapore quality class service: award in recognition of commitment towards business and quality excellence.
singapore prestige brand award 10: winner, spba - established brands.
the edge billion dollar club: recognition of financial performance.
sias investors' choice awards: most transparent company award 2014, runner-up position for new issues.
ey entrepreneur of the year: 2019 - financial services, awarded to executive chairman, mr yeah hiang nam, pbm.
enterprise 50: celebrating singapore's enterprising spirit 2010. the entrepreneur of the year: a rotary-asme award, winner eya 2010, awarded to executive chairman, mr yeah hiang nam, pbm.
environment image of hands holding a globe a sustainable organisation valuemax is aware of its own environmental footprint as an organisation.
being environmentally conscious not only benefits the environment but also reaps operational and cost efficiencies.
we aim to build a sustainable organisation to integrate environmental excellence into a business strategy.
our approach our efficiency is measured on the basis of value-added services money, services, human need for each unit of ecological cost.
we will also evaluate the potential for reducing the major components of our carbon footprint, choosing the best approaches, including through cost-benefit analysis, engaging with relevant stakeholders, and assessing the extent of the use of carbon offsets for emissions that are difficult to abate.
valuemax commitment to meet public sector sustainability targets valuemax is committed to meeting public sector sustainability targets.
we monitor our carbon footprint by tracking the usage of electricity, water, and paper, and optimising the energy and water efficiency of our office premises.
we believe our business has a low impact on the environment.
nevertheless, we strive to embrace environmental sustainability by managing environmental conservation through adopting waste minimisation, recycling, and energy-efficient practices.
we also seek to build a culture of sustainability, where staff are motivated to adopt resource-saving and recycling measures to foster a culture of diverse, equitable and inclusive sustainability at valuemax.
reducing energy and water consumption valuemax is committed to reductions in our energy and water consumption, in line with public sector targets under greengov.
sg.
energy consumption was reduced primarily through improving the energy efficiency of the central air conditioning, energy saving and lighting systems in our offices.
to achieve optimal energy efficiency, we turn off all air-conditioning after working hours of training per employee.
the remaining energy savings were installation of energy efficient t5 fluorescent lightings and led lightings, and turning off office lights after working hours of training per employee.
with our flagship store at waterloo centre being newly certified as an eco-shop in 2018, all outlets have embarked on the eco-shop programme in collaboration with the singapore environmental council “sec” . the project aligns our environmental performance in all outlets to key evaluation criteria like indoor environment and air quality, resource recovery and recycling, water and energy conservation.
we aim to further reduce energy consumption by rolling out the same eco-shop standard to all our upcoming new shops.
valuemax has progressively installed water fittings with excellent water efficiency ratings 3 ticks under the public utilities board's mandatory water efficiency labelling scheme environment valuemax businesses water consumption 2022 water droplet icon water usage cubic meters : 3,552 total revenue million singapore dollar : 287 water usage intensity cubic meters per million singapore dollars : 12.38 water consumption intensity of valuemax businesses = water usage of all offices and outlets divided by the total revenue of the fiscal year.
valuemax businesses electricity consumption 2022 lightbulb icon electricity usage kilowatt : 1,275,784 total revenue million singapore dollar : 287 energy intensity kilowatts per million singapore dollars : 4445 electricity consumption intensity of valuemax businesses = electricity usage of all offices and outlets divided by the total revenue of the fiscal year.
valuemax tenants water consumption 2022 water tap icon electricity usage cubic meters : 4,604 total rent million singapore dollar : 0.739 energy intensity cubic meters per million singapore dollars : 6,230 water consumption intensity of valuemax tenants = water usage of all commercial and residential premises rented divided by the total rent of the fiscal year.
valuemax tenants electricity consumption 2022 house with lightning bolt icon water usage kilowatt : 128,876 total rent million singapore dollar : 0.739 water usage intensity kilowatts per million singapore dollars : 174,392 electricity consumption intensity of valuemax tenants = electricity usage of all commercial and residential premises rented divided by the total rent of the fiscal year.
reducing waste waste reduction is an important part of valuemax's sustainability strategy.
valuemax is committed to reducing waste, in line with public sector targets under greengov.sg.
we continue to encourage the three 'r's of reduce, reuse and recycle among staff members, to minimize waste, conserve natural resources and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
initiatives have been introduced to raise staff's sustainability awareness and promote environmentally friendly practices.
we have launched our go-green initiatives across all our outlets and corporate office.
the implemented initiatives aim to encourage the 'reduce, re-use, and recycle' of papers and plastic through the following ways: initiatives implemented in 2022 and targets for 2023 initiatives implemented in 2022: reduce pawn ticket paper issue multiple items on one ticket, instead of issuing a ticket per item pawned., target for 2023: to reduce the usage of pawn tickets by 40%.
initiatives implemented in 2022: reduce printing paper encourage employees to print double-sided wherever possible.
instead of handing out several paper documents, valuemax compiles important information into a shared, accessible folder and keeps it updated.
re-use single-side printed papers for non-confidential and draft documents.
use paper from sustainable sources where possible.
recycle all used papers and printed materials by donating to authorized recycling companies., target for 2023: to reduce the usage of printing paper by 5%.
initiatives implemented in 2022: reduce non-recyclable packaging – carrier bags eliminate unnecessary packaging by encouraging customers to use one carrier bag for all items bought, instead of using a bag for each item., target for 2023: to reduce the usage of carrier bags by 5%.
initiatives implemented in 2022: reduce non-recyclable packaging – beverage bottle the hq has installed a beverage dispenser at the office and employees are bringing their own bottle.
use bottle packaging with reduced thickness to minimize plastic waste.
introduce "bring-your-cup" at the beverage vending machine in the staff pantry., target for 2023: to reduce the usage of beverage bottles by 5%.
environment incorporate sustainability in procurement valuemax currently adopts the applicable green procurement policies from greengov.sg framework and initiatives championed by agencies such as the national environment agency.
the procurement policies starting 2021 cover the following categories of goods and equipment: chilled water system: all new equipment has to optimize the chilled water system design if necessary, and ensure efficient performance, comprehensive maintenance and guaranteed savings over a period of typically five years.
electrical appliances: all new electrical appliances purchased locally will take into account the national environment agency's mandatory energy labelling scheme.
the appliances include air-conditioners, lightings, refrigerators and televisions, which take into account energy-efficiency and lifecycle costs to optimise cost effectiveness.
paper: white printing paper to be pefc certified to ensure sustainable management of the forest.
we will continue to embed energy efficiency and sustainability considerations in our procurement by developing new relationships with our suppliers as well as employees.
such relationships will widen the scope of accountability and involvement of all parties in a learning process.
environment strategy plan for emissions reduction the eco-shop certification scheme, in collaboration with the singapore environmental council “sec” , has raised water and energy efficiency measures to reduce our energy consumption and emissions.
we will continue to explore measures to achieve energy savings, while catering to the needs of the organization and staff.
we have installed led lightings at our headquarters and new outlets as our first step towards energy conservation.
with our headquarters at waterloo centre certified as an eco-shop in 2018 a certification scheme in collaboration with the singapore environmental council “sec” , we plan to adopt the eco-shop standard for all renovations of our outlets to reduce energy use and improve energy efficiency.
our properties and rental business recognize that the majority of the resource consumption comes from tenants, shoppers, and residents.
the pawnshop industry generally has a low impact on the environment, relative to its scale.
however, our commitment to environmental protection and resource conservation is critical to promote environmental stewardship to the public.
valuemax makes a conscious effort to raise awareness and educate our tenants, shoppers, and residents on responsible consumption to advocate for a sustainable lifestyle.
as we expand our business, our impact grows.
we work to minimize our environmental footprint.
energy and water intensity is our new energy-efficiency measure to reduce our energy consumption and emissions.
we will continue to explore measures to achieve energy savings, while catering to the needs of the organization and staff.
valuemax's road freight carbon footprint involves the company van carrying goods from the headquarters to the stores.
freight transportation makes up 8% of global greenhouse gas emissions, and its carbon emissions may double by 2050. land vehicles have an outsized impact on carbon emissions, and road freight emits more than 100 times as much co2 as a cargo ship to carry the same amount of stuff the same distance.
we, therefore, embrace climate responsibility by planning more efficient transport routes to dispatch our goods, with the aim to reduce our carbon footprint.
since 2018, valuemax has reduced our road freight's carbon emission by 30%.
work and business travel has been one of the contributors to valuemax's carbon footprint due to our active participation in the regional and local pawnbroking fora.
valuemax has adopted technology to stay connected and collaborate effectively to reduce the carbon footprint.
we will evaluate how these new modes of communication fit into new norms of international engagement post-pandemic and look at ways to reduce our carbon footprint arising from travel.
social people pivotal to our success is our people performing at their best.
we value the contributions by all employees towards sustaining valuemax's long-term success.
our management approach to underscore our care and commitment towards our employees, valuemax's holistic human resource “hr” strategy focuses on fair remuneration and equal opportunities, training and development, employee wellness and engagement, and work-life harmony.
we are taking progressive steps to go beyond mere compliance with labour laws in singapore to develop and implement policies and staff engagement programmes that aim to help employees build a long and fulfilling career with valuemax.
our workforce valuemax employs over 300 people in singapore.
we empower and invest in equipping our employees with the necessary skills and knowledge to stay relevant in our highly competitive and disruptive industry.
we want to be a company where our employees can do great work.
hence we aim to create a diverse, welcoming culture that allows people to add value and grow as individuals in a safe working environment.
compliance in singapore, we abide by the ministry of manpower's mom employment act and ensure that practices are aligned with the tripartite guidelines set by mom, national trades union congress ntuc and singapore national employers federation snef . in malaysia, we adopt the fair employment framework that is approved by the employment act 1955. future of work job roles within the organisation are rapidly evolving due to emerging technology and business needs.
we adopt a proactive approach in reskilling our people to take on new or enhanced roles.
a group photo of valuemax employees.
page 42 of the valuemax group limited sustainability report 2022. diversity and equal opportunity identifying, recognising and rewarding performance in employees is essential in our hiring and retention strategy.
valuemax embraces diversity and inclusivity regardless of age, religion, gender, race, nationality and family status.
we advocate fair employment practices by ensuring equal opportunities for recruitment, fair compensation, career progression and training opportunities.
we provide fair employment opportunities to all, regardless of age, gender, race, or nationality.
valuemax advocates a policy of harnessing diversity in human resource as evidenced by a fair distribution of employees from varied nationalities and age groups to support our key markets in singapore and malaysia.
our diversity is our strength as it promotes creativity and innovation.
it also enhances our ability to reach different segments in society.
gender ratio male: 45% female: 55% nationalities of employees singaporean: 37% malaysian: 62% others: 1% as at 31 dec 2022 gender diversity we advocate gender diversity in our board and the representation of women in senior leadership with two female directors among our six board members.
there is a balanced gender ratio between the male and female employees.
we ensure that fair work practices and remuneration are ascertained based on individual work performance and not on any gender consideration.
no form of discrimination is tolerated within our organisation.
there has been no incidence of discrimination reported during the year.
age profile of employees we maintain a policy of employee diversity through providing employment opportunities to both young and older workers above 55 years old.
valuemax taps the different perspectives and value-add through a multi-generational workforce to create an organisation that is dynamic, agile and innovative.
we aim to have a wider integration of new hires of different ages.
older employees provide a wealth of experience, as well as strong judgement and a sense of responsibility.
younger staff, on the other hand, bring innovative ideas and new ways of working into the company.
older and younger employees therefore complement each other perfectly.
table: age profile of employees as at 31 dec 2022 age group: below 30 years, percentage: 6% age group: 31 to 40 years, percentage: 26% age group: 41 to 55 years, percentage: 38% age group: above 55 years, percentage: 30% age group: total , percentage: 100% table end.
the recruitment and retention of talents include cooperation with professional institutions, talent pool development and retention, and staff grievance mechanism.
in terms of employee skills profile, we have maintained a fair proportion of professional and management team to lead and drive the business growth in our four main business segments.
our business is dependent on experienced staff who have been in the pawnbroking business for over 10-20 years.
through the acquisition of new businesses over the years, we have also retained the workforce of the acquired entities and strengthened our pool of senior valuers whose professional expertise in valuation of jewellery and watches has been critical in the sustainable success of our pawnbroking business.
talent management the recruitment and retention of talents include cooperation with professional institutions, talent pool development and retention, and staff grievance mechanisms.
in terms of employee skills profile, we have maintained a fair proportion of professional and management team to lead and drive the business growth in our four main business segments.
our business is dependent on experienced staff who have been in the pawnbroking business for over 10-20 years.
we aim to acquire new businesses over the years, and retain the workforce of the acquired entities to strengthen our pool of senior valuers whose professional expertise in valuation of jewellery and watches has been critical in the sustainable success of our pawnbroking business.
we are continuously recruiting talents, particularly younger talents and grooming them through mentorship and on-the-job training programs.
our recruitment policy is based on meritocracy and the pre-requisite skills and academic qualifications required to perform the required job scope.
during recruitment, we implement stringent shortlisting processes to ensure we recruit people with the same values as we do.
we focus on retention of talents by providing fair and sustainable financial and non-financial incentives, and through learning and development opportunities.
our compensation and benefits policies are determined by guidelines proposed by our human resource team and approved by our management team or our board.
all our staff undergo an annual performance review and receive periodic performance feedback from their reporting managers.
table: pmet classification for staff as at 31 dec 2022 category: management, percentage: 2% category: professional, percentage: 6% category: executive, percentage: 13% category: technical, percentage: 4% category: retail outlet staff, percentage: 75% category: total , percentage: 100% table end.
the chart visually represents the data in the table above.
long service employment we offer equal opportunities for skills training and career development for all employees, which has contributed to our high staff retention rate of 87% in 2022. years of service below 5 years: 53% 6 to 10 years: 26% 10 to 20 years: 19% 20 years: 2% total : 100% as at 31 dec 2022 staff retention staff turnover: 13% staff retention rate: 87% training and education human capital is our key resource.
valuemax believes that staff can make a significant contribution based on their talent, expertise and experience.
developing talent is crucial to build valuemax's future capabilities amid the global competition for talent.
investing in training and developing our people is critical to building up and retaining our talent pipeline to meet current and future needs.
over the years, we have built a robust talent pool comprising salespersons, executives and management associates.
we have shifted some of our trainings to web-based and virtual training in light of the covid-19 pandemic.
apart from providing fair and sustainable financial incentives to our employees, we also strive to create a culture of learning organisation through the following ways: mentorship we have a strong culture of mentorship throughout our organisation.
our senior management leads and develops the organisation in achieving the goals and vision of the group.
our senior valuers provide guidance and professional support, on-the-job training and coaching to our junior valuers.
training and skills upgrading opportunities we have a strong culture of mentorship throughout our organisation.
our senior management leads and develops the organisation in achieving the goals and vision of the group.
our senior valuers provide guidance and professional support, on-the-job training and coaching to our junior valuers.
target valuemax targets to maintain or increase the average training hours of training per employee per employee over the next 3 years.
we will set up a scheme that supports employee development by designing roles that fit, coaching and mentoring to help them thrive, seeking and using their knowledge and ideas, removing barriers, and encouraging role changes anywhere across valuemax that enable them to more fully realize their potential.
employee wellness and benefits compliance to the recommendations by ministry of manpower employee wellness is integral to our human capital management.
the group contributes to the central provident fund scheme and provides medical benefits such as hospitalisation and surgical plans for all employees.
we provide maternity as well as paternity leave in accordance with the recommendations of the ministry of manpower of singapore “mom” . in 2022, we encountered a turnover rate of 13.5% multi-incentive funds we regularly review staff requests and introduce new activities and team building events with our multi-incentive funds for employees.
valuemax recognises that different workforce generations have different workplace, family support, engagement, learning and career needs.
we hence aim to play an important role in promoting a balanced lifestyle while fostering camaraderie at work.
target valuemax has set an objective to raise employees' motivations to contribute to the organization and to increase retention rates.
we plan to: increase employee engagement by organizing peer-to-peer learning groups to discuss challenges and find solutions.
interview those employees who have decided to leave to narrow down the reasons for resignation.
surveying employees on how to make the workplace a better place to come to.
social health and safety the group is committed to embracing the highest standards of workplace, safety and health “wsh” and environmental practices and inculcating the best practices in the group.
we are guided by the steadfast commitment to our employees for a safe working environment in which one can work and excel with full confidence.
the management team has set a strong foundation by providing a clear direction within the organisation of the value of an effective occupational health and safety management approach to foster risk-free and environmentally-friendly premises for our employees and customers.
we are committed to providing safe and vibrant spaces to live, work and play by safeguarding well-being and safety of employees, shoppers, students and residents.
valuemax is also building the environmental awareness and green practices to lead the group in adhering to all wsh regulations as stipulated by the mom.
there has been no incident of non-compliance concerning health and safety issues with our products and services.
the group conducts annual workplace health and safety risk assessment for all our outlets as well as onsite assessments and training for employees to heighten wsh awareness at the workplace.
target valuemax currently has no event of non-compliance of the workplace safety and health act.
we will continue to abide by the requirements to continue to ensure safe workplaces for all.
business partner and stakeholders engagement we strive to contribute positively to the society through our economic presence by contributing to the range of short to medium term credit facilities to individuals and corporations, while maintaining good stewardship of the resources we manage and generate good shareholders’ value.
we are committed to doing our part in shaping industry developments and to promoting a more level playing field.
over the past years, we have supported the pawnbrokers association in the social media marketing as well as a number of capacity-building workshops.
in addition, we actively participated in sustainability forums for knowledge exchange and to deepen understanding of esg best practices.
these have helped to ensure better integration of sustainability considerations into our overall strategy.
we will continue to engage with regulators as we collectively shape the path towards a more sustainable financial system.
we will also continue to engage with other key stakeholders, including our customers, colleagues, investors, community and non-governmental organisations, to ensure that we meet evolving expectations and remain abreast of industry developments.
please see the section on accountability to stakeholders on page 4 for more information.
labour - management relations building an inclusive culture that embraces diversity, treats employees fairly and provides equal opportunities is crucial to valuemax's long-term success, as it helps foster creativity and innovation.
our management approach we seek to recognize each individual and the value they bring to the organization.
this means cultivating an environment where employees can be who they are, while providing support for them to be the best version of themselves.
we work hard to maintain a culture that is caring, trusting, and progressive.
communication it is important to have effective communication between management and employees so that employees are more engaged with the organization and have a more positive attitude towards their work and loyalty to the group.
they are provided with frequent management updates and adequate notice regarding operational changes.
we often engage our employees in the following ways: monthly meetings: outlet managers have monthly operations reviews with the management team.
quarterly meetings: management conducts quarterly meetings for the board of directors to discuss business development and financial performance.
informal small group meetings: management holds informal small group meetings to listen to and understand our employees' concerns and grievances.
diversity and inclusion valuemax believes in the inherent strength of a vibrant, diverse, and inclusive workforce where the perspectives, backgrounds, and life experiences of our people help us forge strong connections with all our customers, engage confidently within an increasingly globalised marketplace, inspirationally lead, and creatively innovate, thereby making better decisions for our business and the world in which we live.
anti-bullying and harassment our code of conduct sets out clear standards of behaviour for our employees, including guidelines on anti-bullying and harassment.
we have a robust grievance procedure in place for employees to share their concerns without any fear of retaliation.
work-life integration we support employees to succeed in both their careers and personal lives, offering flexible work arrangements for working parents who need to juggle demands both at home and at work.
we also recognise that different workforce generations have different workplace, family support, engagement, learning and career needs.
target valuemax has set an objective to raise employees' motivations to contribute to the organization and to increase retention rates.
we plan to: personalize one-on-one discussions with an “open door” policy where employees will feel comfortable speaking up and trusting the leadership if the managers.
make technology accessible to everyone by understanding the needs of all workers in adopting new digital tools.
provide the technology, tools, and training to use those tools so that staying connected is not a burden.
remove the stress some employees might feel when faced with new technology by giving them training and touching base to be sure they are comfortable.
customer privacy and data protection the nature of our pawnbroking and moneylending businesses warrants a high level of security and confidentiality of our clients' personal data as well as the business transactions they have undertaken.
we take a serious view of such matters and ensure that we conduct our business in strict adherence to data protection laws – the personal data protection act pdpa in singapore.
these cover areas such as collection, use, disclosure and care of personal data.
privacy policy our privacy policy sets out the principles on the types of personal data collected and how we collect, process, and use them.
more importantly, it encapsulates our commitment to safeguard and manage the confidentiality of our customers' personal data in a responsible manner.
as a regulated pawnbroking and moneylending institution, we are obligated to ensure the confidentiality of our customers' information, financial or otherwise.
this includes personal data held with us.
nevertheless, privacy and data protection regimes across jurisdictions are continually evolving.
we observe converging consensus in selected aspects of privacy considerations.
we continue to stay abreast with developments in privacy trends as well as data protection regimes across geographies to see that our privacy policies and practices remain agile to evolve and respond to these raised bars and expectations, as applicable.
we also recognise our duty to protect our customers' data whilst ensuring that valuemax fulfils legal and regulatory requirements.
any law enforcement or government agencies' request for information received will be carefully reviewed to ascertain that the request conforms with the scope and validity of the applicable laws and rights.
managing data security we adhere strictly to the guidelines set by the personal data protection act.
we have invested to ensure our proprietary it system meets the highest standards for it security.
our confidential documents are disposed of by waste disposal firms to ensure maximum security.
we conduct data protection impact assessments on projects to identify any potential data risks and recommend measures to mitigate the risks.
we carry out regular compliance checks to ensure that our business processes adhere to the local data privacy and protection laws.
there has been no incident of substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer data.
target at valuemax, we take the responsibility to build up our security and trustworthiness.
we aim to maintain the security of our it systems and null incident of breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer data.
the number of customers signing data processing agreements with valuemax shows the confidence the market has in our trustworthiness.
table: valuemax data security performance metric: systems with cyber security risk assessment, tracking, and management, result: 8 out of 8 metric: breaches of customer privacy and loss of customer data, result: 0 table end.
valuemax covid19 response throughout 2020 to 2022, we sought to balance the needs of all our stakeholders.
we stayed focused on protecting ourselves and helping our customers, colleagues, and the community.
together, we had emerged stronger.
the three years were a challenging period marked by the widespread impact of covid-19.
businesses and individuals had to grapple with the uncertainties and challenges of the pandemic that has turned into a global economic crisis.
we had to make sense of the ever-changing situation and implement the right measures and solutions at the right time to keep our colleagues, our customers, and our communities safe.
amid the unprecedented crisis, our teams across the entire group – from the board and management to our frontline colleagues – came together with a shared mission to navigate the difficult times.
in everything we did, the safety, health, and wellbeing of our colleagues and customers have been of utmost importance.
the dedication of our colleagues has been key to the group in weathering this crisis.
their resilience and tenacity have made all the difference to the organisation as we remained steadfast in doing the right thing for our customers, enabling valuemax to emerge stronger.
corporate social responsibility being a corporate responsible citizen, we believe in giving back to the society.
while we strive to achieve our financial goals and objectives, we also believe in playing our part in serving our local community.
over the last six years, valuemax has actively participated in business and community initiatives: year: 2017 singapore management university business families institute for two consecutive years – 2016 and 2017, valuemax contributed to the singapore management university's business families institute to support its mission to enable business family members to be engaged and be responsible stewards of their families, businesses and communities, through education, research and ecosystem support.
smu received matching grants from the singapore government for the contributions made by valuemax.
year: 2017 and 2019 sgx and e50 association seminar: listing on sgx imparting insights at a listing seminar co-organised by singapore exchange sgx and enterprise 50 association e50 association , valuemax spoke on "listings for smes”.
our executive director, ms yeah lee ching shared on valuemax's experience in the listing of the group.
year: 2017 - 2022 uob heartbeat charity drive valuemax has been one of the donors for the uob heartbeat charity drive where funds raised were donated to charitable organisations.
in 2021, valuemax made a donation to the annual fundraising event.
the funds will aid children and youths from low-income families and those suffering from rare genetic diseases.
they will also go towards organising activities to improve the lives of parents and children from disadvantaged families such as art therapy sessions and workshops to equip them with digital skills and cyber wellness knowledge.
year: 2018 caring for the students at awwa special student care centre valuemax employees brought joy and laughter to students with special needs by chatting, playing, and dancing together with them, as well as fulfilling their christmas wishes by surprising them with individualized christmas presents.
community year: 2019 and 2020 caring for seniors under happy folks our office employees actively participated in caring for the elderly by spending time with aged seniors staying alone in one-room flats, to bring them joy and brighten their day.
. year: 2020 1% interest waiver for pawners during circuit breaker in an effort to help lighten the financial burden for our pawners who may be affected by the covid-19 pandemic, valuemax waived the first month's interest for our pawners who had pawned for at least two months during the circuit breaker.
. . year: 2021 singapore pawnbrokers' association charity drive to sutd the singapore university of technology and design is the fourth public autonomous university in singapore, founded in april 2012. valuemax made a contribution to the sutd bursary through the singapore pawnbrokers' association charity drive.
the sutd bursary award is established to provide financial assistance to deserving full-time undergraduate students that demonstrated financial need with a monthly household per capita income of singapore dollar2,250 and below.
. year: 2022 etonhouse community fund executive chairman, yeah hiang nam, made a contribution to the community fund limited ecf to help children from underprivileged backgrounds to advance their educational goals.
through the power of education, ecf improves the lives of vulnerable children by enhancing their emotional wellness, cognitive development, and fitness.
. target we target to organize yearly events involving our employees to reach out to underprivileged members of society with special needs.
tcfd report 2022 task force on climate-related financial disclosures report valuemax tcfd report 2022 task force on climate-related financial disclosures reflecting the financial sector's commitment to addressing climate change, valuemax proposed a set of recommendations for consistent disclosures on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd in october 2022 to help our stakeholders better understand our climate-related risks.
the tcfd aimed to promote more informed investment, credit and insurance underwriting decisions, foster an early assessment of these risks, and facilitate market discipline.
valuemax publicly expressed our support for the tcfd recommendations for the first time.
we are publishing our climate disclosures this year, following the structure provided by tcfd recommendations.
this is a part of the 2022 sustainability report and summarized in this dedicated tcfd extract.
these included quantitative metrics alongside explanations of the frameworks and overall valuemax climate strategy.
we will continue to evolve our disclosures, incorporating more granular data and portfolio views as they become available.
valuemax will continue our tcfd implementation efforts through 2023, following the recommendations across the four tcfd categories of governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
page 56 of the sustainability report 2022. governance efforts taken by valuemax to implement climate-related recommendations as a global financial institution, we recognize the important role that we play in combating climate change through support of the transition to a low-carbon and climate-resilient global economy.
valuemax pursues a three-pronged approach in addressing climate change and climate-related risks.
first, we are in collaboration with the industry to work towards transition to a low-carbon and climate-resilient business models, and integrating climate change into our risk management model.
second, we are focusing on the execution of the sustainability requirements.
third, we are working on further reducing the carbon footprint of our own operations and supply chain.
governance of sustainability is exercised through the established governance bodies of the group.
the sustainability governance framework chart illustrates the main corporate bodies at board, the management team, as well as the sustainability advisory team that are involved in maintaining a robust sustainability governance at valuemax.
sustainability governance framework board of directors the board approves and monitors the materiality matrix and sustainability strategy.
the management team the management team has determined focus areas where valuemax can have the greatest economic, environmental and social impact, as well as the areas that are most important to our stakeholders.
regular engagement with our stakeholders provides a core input for determining our material focus areas.
we engage our internal and external stakeholders to understand their concerns, expectations and emerging priorities.
this enables us to initiate collaboration and be part of formulating or facilitating a solution, building mutually beneficial relationships.
sustainability advisory team the sustainability advisory team assists the board in an advisory capacity, in fulfilling its oversight duties with respect to the group's sustainability strategy, ambitions and program effectiveness.
valuemax tcfd report 2022 board responsibilities the board, or a committee delegated by it, is responsible for: approving an environmental risk management framework and policies to assess and manage valuemax's environmental risk exposures on an ongoing basis; setting clear roles and responsibilities of board and senior management, including personnel who are responsible for oversight of the valuemax's environmental risk; and ensuring that directors have adequate understanding of environmental risk and senior management is equipped with appropriate expertise for managing environmental risk.
management team responsibilities the management team is responsible for: ensuring the development and implementation of environmental risk management framework and policies, as well as tools and metrics to monitor exposures to environmental risk, including resilience of the valuemax's strategy to different environmental scenarios; reviewing regularly the effectiveness of the framework, policies, tools and metrics and making appropriate revisions, taking into account changes in valuemax's risk profile and business strategies; establishing an internal escalation process for managing environmental risk and ensuring that appropriate and timely actions are taken to address the risk; updating the board on material environmental risk issues in a timely manner and allocating adequate resources with appropriate expertise, including through capacity building and training, to manage the valuemax's environmental risk.
valuemax tcfd report 2022 strategy strategy objective valuemax aims to achieve good long-term returns, while taking care that the business remains resilient across market conditions.
managing the financial impact arising from climate change therefore aligns fully with our objectives.
climate change introduces risks, but also opportunities.
in particular, the actions societies take to mitigate and adapt to climate change can result in structural changes to the economy.
the transition to a low carbon economy will benefit some sectors and companies at the expense of others, and will create correspondingly differentiated impact on company values.
the full impact from this shift will be felt over the coming decades and the eventual outcome cannot be predicted ex-ante.
identification of short, medium and long-term climate risks and opportunities adapted from the disclosure of the valuemax's inherent risk factors issued in the company's initial public offering ipo prospectus, we have identified key risks associated with climate change and considered these risks against different time spans over the short, medium and longer term.
the key risks identified include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, business risk and reputational risk.
we first report these risks in valuemax tcfd report 2022 and plan to continue to enhance the identification and assessment of these risks through a more quantitative and comprehensive analysis across our businesses throughout 2023. general classification of climate-related risks and opportunities we recognize climate change as one of the most significant risks facing our planet.
climate risk is central to our sustainability agenda at valuemax, as we look to limit the impacts that result from the transitional or physical effects of climate change.
we continue to work on the measures required to address climate change, in support of a transition towards lower-carbon operations and products.
valuemax climate-related risk factors are adapted from the disclosure of the valuemax's inherent risk factors issued in the company's initial public offering ipo prospectus.
risk factors are intended to insulate the issuer and any underwriters or placements agents from claims of securities fraud by alerting potential investors to key issues that an investor should consider prior to making an investment decision.
when drafting risk factors, valuemax anticipated the questions a potential investor may ask the company if they were engaged in an interactive dialogue.
climate-related opportunities relate to efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change, such as resource efficiencies and cost savings, the adoption of low-emission energy sources, the development of new services, wider access to the market, and building resilience within the company.
valuemax tcfd report 2022: climate-related risks table: climate-related risks manifestations and horizon: financial, precious metal and stones prices: due to the environmental impact of mining for precious metals and stones, the supply chain might be disrupted with new environmental regulations in place.
the profitability of our business will then be affected by the volatility of the prices., misalignment during transition: industry-wide trajectories, common metrics and pathways for financial institutions are currently being set.
valuemax actively promotes transition, but also depends on suppliers and clients to engage, commit and deliver on commitments towards "net zero" in a collaborative effort., loss of credibility during execution: we are committed to play a role in sustainability.
the journey towards sustainability will entail significant efforts on multiple fronts with potential execution risk and includes external dependencies.
any breach in compliance might put us at a reputational or legal risk with government institutions., potential loss of credit from national creditors as consequence of non-compliance: the pawn broking industry is among the most heavily regulated non-depository providers of consumer financial services.
responsibilities towards climate-related compliance might put pawnshops under increased supervision of the national creditors such as banks which will affect our credit and liquidity.
precious metal and stones prices: policy and legal risk, market risk, short term to long term risk, misalignment during transition: reputational risk, medium term to long term risk, loss of credibility during execution: reputational risk, policy and legal risk, medium term to long term risk, potential loss of credit from national creditors as consequence of non-compliance: reputational risk, market risk, short term to long term risk table end.
valuemax tcfd report 2022 climate-related opportunities category: financing , initiatives: valuemax could have a new lending scheme to fund green or climate-related projects or technologies that are expected to play an important role in decarbonizing the economy "green loans" . offering sustainability-linked loans whose pricing is based on the borrower's esg score or overall sustainability achievements., time horizon: short term to long term category: products and services , initiatives: buying recycled jewellery brings forth the cause towards consumption of sustainable and ethical jewellery.
fashion trends and consumer tastes towards increased demand for sustainable jewellery and less demand for new jewellery to counter the effects of mining, creating less waste, might lead to the increase in demand for secondhand jewellery., time horizon: short term to long term category: resource and energy efficiency , initiatives: improve energy efficiency of current office space and capture cost-savings.
source third-party suppliers with improved energy and carbon performance aligned with industry best practice., time horizon: short term to long term category: employees engagement , initiatives: encourage employees to take climate-related actions in the office, expand employee training and benefit programs that reduce carbon emissions through more efficient modes of travel., time horizon: short term to long term table end.
valuemax tcfd report 2022 risk management our risk processes enable us to take account of the potential wider implications of our business activities and products and services, for example on the environment and society.
companies operating in sensitive industries frequently play a key economic role in the global supply of energy and commodities.
they may also be major employers in economically weak regions.
as such, responsible economic activity can be a significant driver for sustainable development.
the activities of valuemax do not have a similarly significant impact on the climate, biodiversity, water resources or local communities.
we may however need to increase capital expenditure to meet new regulation.
we may also face increased operational expenditure, for example, if the cost of natural resource use increases, or if a carbon price is introduced.
we too may benefit from new market opportunities and investments in improved resource efficiency.
when incidents happen, we may face sanctions from regulators, lengthy legal disputes, and remediation costs.
as government introduces new policies to limit climate change and to protect natural resources, the materiality of these financial impacts is likely to increase.
risk climate-related risks precious metal and stones prices misalignment during transition loss of credibility during execution potential loss of credit from national creditors as consequences of non-compliance strategy opportunities climate-related opportunities financing products and services resource and energy efficiency employees engagement risk management financial impact income statement cash flow statement balance sheet valuemax tcfd report 2022 risk assessment framework our risk processes enable us to take account of the potential wider implications of our business activities and products and services, for example on the environment and society.
companies operating in sensitive industries frequently play a key economic role in the global supply of energy and commodities.
they may also be major employers in economically weak regions.
as such, responsible economic activity can be a significant driver for sustainable development.
the activities of valuemax do not have a similarly significant impact on the climate, biodiversity, water resources, or local communities.
we may, however, need to increase capital expenditure to meet new regulation.
we may also face increased operational expenditure, for example, if the cost of natural resource use increases, or if a carbon price is introduced.
we too may benefit from new market opportunities and investments in improved resource efficiency.
when incidents happen, we may face sanctions from regulators, lengthy legal disputes, and remediation costs.
as government introduces new policies to limit climate change and to protect natural resources, the materiality of these financial impacts is likely to increase.
valuemax risk management overseas the group-wide implementation of and compliance with the group's risk commitments valuemax uses a wide range of risk management practices to address the variety of risks that could arise from our business activities, including, but not limited to: nature or purpose of a proposed transaction or service; identity or activities of a potential client; regulatory or political context in which the business will be transacted; and any potentially controversial environmental or social impacts of a transaction.
sustainability risk management objective the objective of sustainability risk management is to identify risks and to prevent adverse impacts on the environment, on people or on society through our operations and services we provide.
sustainable risk committee provides oversight on the implementation of the group's strategy with respect to managing sustainability and climate-related risks.
valuemax faces mostly transition risks instead of physical risks of climate change.
transition risks are those associated with the pace and extent at which an organization manages and adapts to the internal and external pace of change to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and transition to renewable energy.
transitioning requires policy and legal, technology, and market changes to address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change.
depending on the nature, speed, and focus of these changes, transition risks may pose varying levels of financial and reputational risk to organizations.
for a valuemax, such issues could materialize in the form of increased operating costs, credit losses and reputational damage.
alternatively, valuemax could also experience market, technological, and reputational opportunities.
valuemax tcfd report 2022 risk manifestations and assessment of sustainability risks climate-related risks manifestations policy and legal risks increased pricing of greenhouse gas emissions enhanced emissions reporting obligations regulation of existing products and services exposure to litigation increased operating costs e.grams., higher compliance costs early retirement of existing assets due to policy changes market risks changing customer behavior uncertainty in market signals increased cost of raw materials increased production costs due to changing input prices e.grams., energy, water and output requirements e.grams., waste treatment abrupt and unexpected shifts in energy costs reputation risks increased stakeholder concern or negative stakeholder feedback reduction in capital availability reduced revenue from decreased production capacity e.grams., delayed planning approvals, supply chain interruptions potential risks climate-related risks manifestations procedure of checking according to internal policies and guidelines: nature of transaction identify the potential risks in the activities of clients or prospects look into the regulatory and political context of policy and legal aspects of operations various risk-specific aspects core factors review and decision by executives and senior business representatives metrics and targets valuemax is committed to greenhouse gas neutrality in our operations and to operating our business in an environmentally friendly manner.
by systematically measuring, reporting, and evaluating energy consumption and emissions, we set the foundation for, and are committed to, continuous improvements in our environmental performance.
relevant environmental data on design, materials, operational matters, energy efficiency and ergonomics are considered in the planning and construction of new premises and facilities.
carbon footprint of valuemax' corporate activities valuemax will continue to measure and report our corporate emissions using the greenhouse gas greenhouse gas protocol.
based on singapore's grid emission factor of 0.4057 kilograms of co2 per kilowatt-hour that was last revised in 2021, valuemax generated approximately 573.8 tonnes of co2 equivalent of greenhouse gas emissions across scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions in fy2022.
the scope 1 direct emissions declined 17.2% from fy2018 baseline despite the growth in the revenue.
the substantial decline is due to a better planned transport and distribution routing.
scope 1 direct emissions a bar chart showing average monthly distance travelled kilometers from h2 2018 to h2 2022. table: scope 1 direct emissions data period: h2 2018, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1750 period: h2 2019, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1750 period: h2 2019, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1400 period: h2 2020, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1450 period: h2 2020, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1450 period: h2 2021, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1200 period: h2 2021, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1500 period: h2 2022, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1500 period: h2 2022, average monthly distance travelled kilometers : approximately 1300 table end.
valuemax tcfd report 2022 carbon emission profile valuemax will introduce new metrics to report our energy utilization.
the metrics are computed as follows: scope 1 direct company vehicles: the distance covered when transporting goods from the office to valuemax-owned stores, multiplied by the relevant emission of the fuel used.
quantified in kilograms of co2.
scope 2 indirect energy utilization: annual energy consumption divided by the total annual revenue.
quantified in kilograms of co2.
scope 3 indirect energy utilization tenants : annual energy consumption tenants divided by the total annual rental income.
quantified in kilograms of co2.
business travel carbon emission flights : total carbon emissions of all valuemax passengers on business trips, based on the aircraft types and flight distances.
quantified in kilograms of co2.
valuemax climate metrics . the diagram shows a breakdown of valuemax's greenhouse gas emissions across scopes 1, 2, and 3, categorized by source e.grams., purchased electricity, company vehicles, business travel, electricity usage of lease assets . the diagram includes the following greenhouse gases: co2, ch4, n2o, hfcs, pfcs, sf6, and nf3.
progress in developing a culture of sustainability valuemax recognizes the importance of building a culture of sustainability and encourages staff to actively adopt environmentally sustainable practices through the three 'r's of reduce, reuse, and recycle.
the initiatives implemented in 2022 and the strategy plan for emissions reduction can be found in the sustainability report pages 39 and 41 respectively.
gri content index general standard disclosure organisational profile code: 102-1, description: name of the organization, page: 1 code: 102-2, description: activities, brands, products, and services, page: 17 code: 102-3, description: location of headquarters, page: 21 code: 102-4, description: location of operations, page: 21 code: 102-5, description: ownership and legal form, page: 12-13 code: 102-6, description: markets served, page: 12-13 code: 102-7, description: scale of the organization, page: 12-13 code: 102-8, description: information on employees and other workers, page: 12-13 code: 102-9, description: supply chain, page: 42-51 code: 102-10, description: significant changes to the organization and its supply chain, page: 31 code: 102-11, description: precautionary principle or approach, page: 3 code: 102-12, description: external initiatives code: 102-13, description: membership of associations, page: 26, 48 table end.
valuemax has not adopted any external initiatives.
strategy code: 102-14, description: statement from senior decision-maker, page: 1 code: 102-15, description: key impacts, risks, and opportunities, page: 1 table end.
ethics and integrity code: 102-16, description: values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior, page: 12-26 code: 102-17, description: mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics, page: 26-29 table end.
governance code: 102-18, description: governance structure, page: 3 code: 102-19, description: delegating authority, page: 3 code: 102-20, description: executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics, page: 3 code: 102-21, description: consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics, page: 3 code: 102-22, description: composition of the highest governance body and its committees, page: 3 code: 102-23, description: chair of the highest governance body, page: 3 code: 102-24, description: nominating and selecting the highest governance body, page: 3 code: 102-25, description: conflicts of interest, page: 3 code: 102-26, description: role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy, page: 3 code: 102-27, description: collective knowledge of highest governance body, page: 3 code: 102-28, description: evaluating the highest governance body's performance, page: 3 code: 102-29, description: identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts, page: 11 code: 102-30, description: effectiveness of risk management processes, page: 3, 30 code: 102-31, description: review of economic, environmental, and social topics, page: 3 code: 102-32, description: highest governance body's role in sustainability reporting code: 102-33, description: communicating critical concerns, page: 17-33 of corporate governance report in annual report fy2022 code: 102-34, description: nature and total number of critical concerns, page: 18 code: 102-35, description: remuneration policies, page: 9 code: 102-36, description: process for determining remuneration, page: 9-10 code: 102-37, description: stakeholders' involvement in remuneration, page: 17-33 of corporate governance report in annual report fy2022 code: 102-38, description: annual total compensation ratio, page: 18 table end.
general standard disclosure stakeholder engagement code: 102-39, description: percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio, reason for omission if applicable : not disclosed due to the commercial sensitivity given the highly competitive human resource environment.
code: 102-40, description: list of stakeholder groups, page reference: page 9 code: 102-41, description: collective bargaining agreements, reason for omission if applicable : valuemax has not adopted any collective bargaining agreement.
code: 102-42, description: identifying and selecting stakeholders, page reference: page 9 code: 102-43, description: approach to stakeholder engagement, page reference: page 9 code: 102-44, description: key topics and concerns raised, page reference: page 9 table end.
reporting practice code: 102-45, description: entities included in the consolidated financial statements, page reference: page 75-76 of annual report fy2022 code: 102-46, description: defining report content and topic boundaries, page reference: page 3 code: 102-47, description: list of material topics, page reference: page 10 code: 102-48, description: restatements of information, page reference: most of the information are restatements of our first report.
code: 102-49, description: changes in reporting, page reference: no change code: 102-50, description: reporting period, page reference: page 3 code: 102-51, description: date of most recent report, page reference: page 3 code: 102-52, description: reporting cycle, page reference: page 3 code: 102-53, description: contact point for questions regarding the report, page reference: page 3 code: 102-54, description: claims of reporting in accordance with the gri standards, page reference: page 3, 67-71 code: 102-55, description: gri content index, page reference: page 67-71 code: 102-56, description: external assurance, page reference: not applicable table end.
management approach code: 103-1, description: explanation of the material topic and its boundary, page reference: page 3 code: 103-2, description: the management approach and its components, page reference: page 3 code: 103-3, description: evaluation of the management approach, page reference: page 3 table end.
specific standard disclosures category: economic topic: economic performance code: 201-1, description: direct economic value generated and distributed, page reference: page 12-20 code: 201-2, description: financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change, reason for omission if applicable : valuemax view this as a low impact material risk currently.
code: 201-3, description: defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans, page reference: page 47 code: 201-4, description: financial assistance received from government, page reference: n.a. topic: market presence code: 202-1, description: ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage, reason for omission if applicable : disclosure is not applicable as there is no minimum wage system in singapore.
furthermore, valuemax employs direct hires who are skilled technical and professional employees whose pay is not linked to particular laws concerning minimum wage.
code: 202-2, description: proportion of senior management hired from the local community, page reference: page 44-46 table end.
topic: indirect economic impacts code: 203-1, description: infrastructure investments and services supported, page reference: n.a. code: 203-2, description: significant indirect economic impacts, page reference: n.a. topic: procurement practices code: 204-1, description: proportion of spending on local suppliers, reason for omission if applicable : majority of our business expenditure in singapore is on locally-registered companies.
topic: anti-corruption code: 205-1, description: operations assessed for risks related to corruption, page reference: page 25-29 code: 205-2, description: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, page reference: page 25-29 code: 205-3, description: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, page reference: page 25-29 table end.
general standard disclosure topic: anti-competitive behavior 206-1 legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practice n.a. category: environmental topic: materials 301-1 materials used by weight or volume n.a. valuemax is operating in the pawnbroking and sale or pre-owned/new jewellery and luxury items.
301-2 recycled input materials used n.a. 301-3 reclaimed products and their packaging materials n.a. topic: energy 302-1 energy consumption within the organization page 37-38, 40-41, 65-66 302-2 energy consumption outside of the organization n.a. energy consumed is consumed only within our premises.
302-3 energy intensity n.a. 302-4 reduction of energy consumption n.a. energy consumption has increased due to more outlets being opened.
302-5 reductions in energy requirements of products and services page 37-38, 40-41, 65-66 topic: water 303-1 water withdrawal by source page 37-38, 40-41, 65-66 303-2 water sources significantly affected by withdrawal of water n.a. 303-3 water recycled and reused n.a. topic: biodiversity 304-1 operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas disclosure is not applicable as valuemax's business operations are not located within protected areas.
304-2 significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity n.a. 304-3 habitats protected or restored disclosure is not applicable as valuemax's business operations are not located within protected areas.
304-4 iucn red list species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations n.a. topic: emissions 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions n.a. 305-2 energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions n.a. 305-3 other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions n.a. 305-4 greenhouse gas emissions intensity n.a. 305-5 reduction of greenhouse gas emissions n.a. 305-6 emissions of ozone-depleting substances ods n.a. 305-7 nitrogen oxides nox , sulfur oxides sox , and other significant air emissions n.a. topic: effluents and waste 306-1 water discharge by quality and destination page 37-38, 40-41, 65-66 306-2 waste by type and disposal method page 39 306-3 significant spills n.a. 306-4 transport of hazardous waste n.a. 306-5 water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff n.a. topic: environmental compliance 307-1 non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations there is no incidence of non-compliance.
topic: supplier environmental assessment 308-1 new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria n.a. 308-2 negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken n.a. general standard disclosure category: social aspect: employment code: 401-1, description: new employee hires and employee turnover, page reference: 46 code: 401-2, description: benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, page reference: 47 code: 401-3, description: parental leave, page reference: 47 table end.
topic: labor/management relations code: 402-1, description: minimum notice periods regarding operational changes, page reference: 49-50 table end.
topic: occupational health and safety code: 403-1, description: workers representation in formal joint management-worker health and safety committees, page reference: 47-48 code: 403-2, description: types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities, page reference: 47-48 code: 403-3, description: workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their occupation, page reference: n.a. code: 404-4, description: health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade unions, page reference: n.a., reason for omission, if applicable: disclosure is not applicable as valuemax is not operating in an unionised industry.
topic: training and education code: 404-1, description: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, page reference: 45-47 code: 404-2, description: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, page reference: 45-47 code: 404-3, description: percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, page reference: 45-47 table end.
topic: diversity and equal opportunity code: 405-1, description: diversity of governance bodies and employees, page reference: 22-23, 43-46 code: 405-2, description: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, page reference: n.a., reason for omission, if applicable: workers' remuneration are ascertained based on individual work performance and not on any gender consideration.
topic: non-discrimination code: 406-1, description: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken, page reference: 31-34 table end.
topic: freedom of association and collective bargaining code: 407-1, description: operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk, page reference: n.a. topic: child labor code: 408-1, description: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor, page reference: n.a., reason for omission, if applicable: valuemax does not employ staff below the legal age for employment.
topic: forced or compulsory labor code: 409-1, description: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor, page reference: n.a. topic: security practices code: 410-1, description: security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures, page reference: n.a. topic: rights of indigenous peoples code: 411-1, description: incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous people, page reference: n.a. topic: human rights assessment code: 412-1, description: operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact assessments, page reference: n.a. code: 412-2, description: employee training on human rights policies or procedures, page reference: n.a. code: 412-3, description: significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening, page reference: n.a. topic: local communities code: 413-1, description: operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs, page reference: 52-54 code: 413-2, description: operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities, reason for omission, if applicable: our business and operations have no negative impacts on local communities.
general standard disclosure topic: supplier social assessment code: 414-1, description: new suppliers that were screened using social criteria, page reference: n.a code: 414-2, description: negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken, page reference: n.a table end.
topic: public policy code: 415-1, description: political contributions, page reference: valuemax has no association with any political parties.
topic: customer health and safety code: 416-1, description: assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories, page reference: page 48 code: 416-2, description: incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services, page reference: page 48 table end.
topic: marketing and labeling code: 417-1, description: requirements for product and service information and labeling, page reference: page 32-34 code: 417-2, description: incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling, page reference: n.a code: 417-3, description: incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications, page reference: n.a table end.
topic: customer privacy code: 418-1, description: substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data, page reference: page 51 table end.
topic: socioeconomic compliance code: 419-1, description: non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area, page reference: page 14-21, 42-51 table end.
note: valuemax takes a phased approach to the adoption of gri indicators and will review the relevance of indicators marked as n.a. to its operations annually.