following the success of many governments in containing the social impact of the pandemic, and the relaxation of anti-covid measures in many countries, there has been a full revival of economic activities worldwide and global trade has regained momentum.

in addition, the group provides other employee benefits including medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.

environment risk the group is constantly exposed to inherent risks such as oil spills, pollution, collisions, mechanical breakdown of its vessels, adverse weather conditions, fire or other calamity.

the cooperation is based on well-entrenched relationship and fair terms of trade between the group and its suppliers.

during fy2022, there were no significant disputes between the group and its employees, customers and suppliers.

environmental policies and performance the group is committed to the long-term sustainability of the environment and communities in which it operates.

the imo sets out a number of regulations and guidelines for the shipping industry that include safety, environment, human, technical, legal and security elements.

the group has established internal control systems and procedures based on these rules, especially the international safety management code.

sue is a fellow of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, a fellow certified practicing accountant of the cpa australia, a fellow of the hong kong securities and investment institute, and a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both the hong kong chartered governance institute and the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom.

zhou holds a bachelor's degree in law from the southwest university of political science and law, the prc.

pau" aged 73, joined the group as independent non-executive director in april 2018 and is the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the audit committee and the nomination committee.

pau holds a bachelor of social sciences degree from the university of hong kong.

tsao" aged 58, joined the group as independent non-executive director in november 2019 and is the chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee and the nomination committee.

tsao is a certified public accountant practising of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, an associate of the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom and an associate of the australasian institute of banking and finance.

in addition, discussions on the group’s environmental policies and performance are contained in the “environmental, social and governance report” on pages 33 to 52 of this annual report.

other employee benefits included provident fund scheme, medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.

on behalf of the board sue ka lok chairman hong kong, 24 march 2023 annual report 2022 20 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the company has recognised the importance of transparency and accountability, and believes that shareholders can benefit from good corporate governance.

the company aims to achieve good standard of corporate governance.

it trusts that conducting business in an ethical and reliable way will maximise its long-term interests and those of its stakeholders.

the structure of corporate governance adopted by the company emphasises a quality board, sound internal controls and accountability to shareholders and these are based upon an ethical corporate culture.

it is the board’s mission to establish and foster a healthy corporate culture with the following principles and to ensure that the company’s vision, values and business strategies are aligned to it.

i ethics and integrity the group strives to maintain a high standard of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities.

directors, management and staff are all required to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly.

such required standards are set out in the group’s code of conduct, anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy further discussions on the two policies are in the sections below.

trainings are conducted from time to time to reinforce the values across the group and to uphold the standards with respect to ethics and integrity.

ii commitment to excellence the group believes commitment to excellence is the first step to continuous improvement and the driving force behind a business organisation.

the group implements a performance appraisal system and aims to reward and recognise performing staff by providing them competitive remuneration packages, as well as the opportunities of career development and progression within the group.

such values are articulated in policies, procedures and processes in day-to-day operations.

in addition, staff are also encouraged to enroll in external training courses and seminars in order to update their technical skills and keep abreast of the market and regulatory developments.

having made specific enquiry with the directors, all of them confirmed that they had complied with the required standards set out in the model code during the year ended 31 december 2022.

courage investment group limited annual report 2022 21 corporate governance report board of directors the board formulates the overall strategy of the group, monitors its financial performance and maintains effective oversight over the management.

the board members are fully committed to their roles and have acted in good faith to maximise the shareholders' value in the long run, and have aligned the group's goals and directions with the prevailing economic and market conditions.

daily operations and administration are delegated to the management.

the board shall resolve to provide separate appropriate independent professional advice to the directors to assist the relevant directors to discharge their duties.

all directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, and are continually updated on the developments of the statutory and regulatory regime and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities.

the chairman is responsible for overseeing all board functions, while the management is under the leadership of the ceo to oversee the day-to-day operations of the group and implement the strategies and policies approved by the board.

courage investment group limited annual report 2022 23 corporate governance report remuneration committee the remuneration committee has specific written terms of reference that is in compliance with the cg code.

the remuneration committee met one time during the year ended 31 december 2022 to assess the performance of the directors, and review and make recommendations to the board on the remuneration packages for directors and senior management.

zhou qijin is the chairman of the nomination committee.

the board diversity policy sets out that in determining the optimum composition of the board, differences in skills, regional and industry experience, background, race, gender and other qualities of directors shall be considered.

all board appointments are made on merits, and its effectiveness on an annual basis.

the board diversity policy has been consistently implemented.

the board considered gender diversity in respect of the board is satisfactory.

the group has taken, and will continue to take, steps to promote diversity at all levels of workforce including senior management.

opportunities for employment, training and career development are equally opened to all eligible employees without discrimination so as to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the board and the workforce.

as at 31 december 2022, the male to female ratio in the workforce including senior management is 1:1.

the board considered gender diversity in respect of the workforce is achieved.

in order to ensure that independent views and input of independent non-executive directors are made available to the board, the nomination committee and the board would assess the independence of independent non-executive directors annually with regard to, among others, the following factors: i their character, integrity, expertise and experience; ii declaration of conflict of interest in their roles as independent non-executive directors; iii duration of appointment as independent non-executive directors; iv time commitment to the company’s affairs; v past and present financial or other interests in the businesses of the company; and vi connection with other directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the company.

corporate governance report corporate governance functions the board is responsible for determining the policy for the corporate governance of the company and performing the corporate governance duties as set out below: 1.

to develop and review the group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations; 2.

to review and monitor the group’s policies and practices on compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements; 4.

to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and directors of the group; and 5.

instead, such review is carried out with the assistance of roma risk advisory limited “roma”, an independent outsourced internal auditor.

the programme aims to ensure the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.

after the review, roma had presented to the board and the audit committee the internal control review report and enterprise risk management report which contained certain findings and relevant recommendations and suggestions for improvement on the group’s risk management and internal control systems.

the review covered material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls at entity and operational levels. 28 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report in connection with the controls on compliance aspect, the company has established a policy on handling and dissemination of inside information that sets out the procedures in handling inside information in an accurate and secure manner so as to avoid possible mishandling of inside information within the group.

anti-corruption policy the board has adopted an anti-fraud and counter-corruption policy the “anti-corruption policy” which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.

the group is committed to achieving high standards of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities and has zero tolerance towards fraud and corruption.

it strives to protect its reputation, assets and information from any attempt of fraud, corruption, deceit or improper conduct by employees or third parties.

in line with this, the anti-corruption policy has outlined the company’s expectations and requirements relating to the prevention, detection, reporting and investigation of any suspected fraud, corruption and other similar irregularities.

the anti-corruption policy applies to all group employees and all business partners, including customers, suppliers and debtors.

the audit committee has the overall responsibility for the implementation, monitoring and periodic review of the anti-corruption policy.

whistleblowing policy the board has adopted a whistleblowing policy the "whistleblowing policy" which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.

in line with the group’s commitment to promote ethical standards and to uncover any fraud, malpractice or misconduct within the organisation, the purpose of the whistleblowing policy is to i encourage and assist any employees of the group or third parties e.

the audit committee has the overall responsibility for implementing, monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy and the actions resulting from the investigation.

she has taken no less than 15 hours of training per employee of the relevant professional training during the year ended 31 december 2022.

the biographical details of ms.

shareholders communication policy the group has adopted a shareholders communication policy the "shareholders communication policy" which sets out the objective of ensuring that the company's shareholders, both individual and institutional and, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely balanced and understandable information about the company including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile, in order to enable the shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow the shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the company.

the board has the overall responsibility to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the shareholders and the investment community, and will regularly review the shareholders communication policy to ensure its effectiveness.

for the year ended 31 december 2022, the board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication policy, including steps taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries received if any and the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place, and considered that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented during the year under review and is effective.

sufficiency of public float based on information that is publicly available to the company and within the knowledge of the directors, at least 25% of the company's total issued shares is held by the public at 18 april 2023, being the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report. 32 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report overview the board is pleased to present the environmental, social and governance "esg" report of the group, which reviews the group's esg initiatives, plans, and performance, as well as sustainable development in respect of environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.

as a responsible corporate citizen, the group views esg commitments as part of its social responsibilities and is committed to incorporating esg considerations into its decision-making process.

the environmental, social and governance report "esg report" summarises the esg initiatives, plans, and performance of the group in relation to environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.

the esg governance structure the group conducts a top-down management approach with respect to esg issues.

the board discusses and reviews targets, progress over time, management approach and policies annually with the assistance of the group's designated personnel.

the group's designated personnel from the business and functional departments facilitate the board's oversight of esg-related issues.

their duties include overseeing and reviewing the group's esg-related policies, performance, management approach, risks and opportunities, as well as reporting and recommending improvements on esg-related matters to the board.

information relating to the group’s corporate governance practices is set out in the “corporate governance report” on pages 21 to 32 of this annual report.

in the long run, the stakeholders' contributions will aid the group in improving potentially overlooked esg aspects.

courage investment group limited annual report 2022 35 environmental, social and governance report materiality assessment materiality assessment is the process of identifying, refining, and assessing esg issues that could affect the group’s businesses and its stakeholders.

environmental the group is committed to mitigating its environmental impacts and incorporating sustainability into its business strategy.

to enhance decarbonisation and address stakeholders’ concerns, which are reflected in the identified material esg issues, the group has set environmental targets in regard to greenhouse gas emissions, waste management, energy consumption and water use.

by doing so, the group further demonstrates its commitment to environmental protection.

the group regularly reviews the progress towards these targets and the effectiveness of its environmental protection measures; further details are set out in the below sections under aspects a1 and a2.

emissions the group recognises the importance of operating its business in a sustainable manner.

as such, the group continuously improves existing policies and incorporates new policies with the intention of mitigating potential direct and indirect negative environmental impacts arising from the group’s business operations.

during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the air pollution control ordinance, waste disposal ordinance, and water pollution control ordinance of the laws of hong kong.

the fuels used by the vessels were therefore not under the direct control of the group but the charterers, although the group understood that the use of fuels by the charterers, in all material respects complied with the relevant environmental rules and regulations.

the group considers that the air emissions directly produced by the group during fy2022 were immaterial.

greenhouse gas emissions the principal greenhouse gas emissions produced by the group were from purchased electricity scope 2 and office paper disposal scope 3.

during fy2021, the group has set a target to reduce the total greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 10% by the year ended 31 december 2026 “fy2026”, using fy2021 as the baseline year.

to achieve the set target, the group has adopted the following measures to reduce direct greenhouse gas emissions, indirect greenhouse gas emissions and other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.

scope 1 - direct greenhouse gas emissions during fy2022, the three vessels owned by the group were virtually leased out throughout the whole of fy2022, and as the group did not own any vehicles, the group’s operations did not produce any direct greenhouse gas emissions.

scope 2 - indirect greenhouse gas emissions electricity consumption accounted for the indirect greenhouse gas emissions produced by the group.

the group has implemented measures to reduce energy consumption, the measures are set out in the section headed "energy efficiency" under aspect a2 below.

courage investment group limited annual report 2022 37 environmental, social and governance report scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions paper waste disposal by employees accounted for the other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.

measures implemented to reduce paper waste disposal are set out in the section headed “waste management” under aspect a1 below.

during fy2022, the group’s total greenhouse gas emissions intensity increased by 19.23% from approximately 0.26 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.31 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2022.

the group is in the process of achieving the aforementioned target and will continue to promote measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the future.

summary of greenhouse gas emission performance: indicator1 fy2021 : scope 2 – indirect greenhouse gas emissions- purchased electricity 3.59 scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions- paper waste disposed at landfills 0.51 total greenhouse gas emissions 4.10 total greenhouse gas emissions intensity3 0.26 notes: 1.

greenhouse gas emissions data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and is based on, but not limited to, “the greenhouse gas protocol: a corporate accounting and reporting standard” issued by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development, “how to prepare an esg report – appendix 2: reporting guidance on environmental kpis” issued by the hong kong stock exchange, the “global warming potential values” from the fifth assessment report ar5 of the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc 2014 and the sustainability report 2022 published by hk electric. 2.

tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent is defined as metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent. 3.

waste management hazardous waste management owing to the group’s business nature, no material hazardous waste was produced by the group during fy2022. 38 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report non-hazardous waste management most of the non-hazardous waste produced by the group was office paper.

although its operations do not generate a significant amount of non-hazardous waste, the group endeavours to further reduce the waste produced by implementing "green office" initiatives.

during fy2021, the group has set a target to provide waste separation bins for collecting recyclables, including paper, plastic, and glass in the group's office from fy2022 onwards.

furthermore, the group will continue to implement waste reduction measures, such as those listed below, with the goal of reducing waste from the sources.

the green measures include but are not limited to the following: - print electronic correspondences only when necessary; - reuse single-sided office paper; - encourage double-sided printing or photocopying; - procure paper bearing the forest stewardship council recycled label; and - recycle outdated office supplies and electronic equipment after their life cycles.

during fy2022, the group's total non-hazardous waste intensity increased by about 28.57% from approximately 0.007 metric ton per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.009 metric ton per employee in fy2022.

the group has provided waste separation bins for collecting recyclables during fy2022 in order to achieve the aforementioned target.

the group will continue to promote measures to reduce paper consumption and provide waste separation bins for recyclables in the future.

summary of non-hazardous waste discharge performance: table: non-hazardous waste discharge performance category: , unit: , fy2022: , fy2021: category: office paper, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste intensity, unit: metric ton/employee, fy2022: 0.009, fy2021: 0.007 sewage discharges into water and land owing to the group's business nature, the group's business activities do not consume a significant volume of water during its daily operations, and thus it does not generate a material portion of sewage.

as wastewater from the group will be connected to a regional water purification plant, the water consumed by the group is considered sewage discharged.

further details of water consumption are set out in the section headed "water consumption" under aspect a2 below.

use of resources the group upholds and promotes effective use of resources and is committed to optimising their use across business operations.

energy efficiency during fy2022, the energy consumed by the group was mainly electricity used for daily operations, which was an indirect energy consumption.

as all of the group’s vessels were leased out virtually throughout the whole of fy2022, the group had no direct energy consumption during the year.

nevertheless, to promote energy conservation and enhance energy efficiency in business operations, the group has set a target in fy2021 to change all office lighting to led bulbs by fy2026.

the group also adopts the following energy-saving measures: - post eye-catching stickers on energy conservation as a reminder to employees; - switch off unnecessary lighting and electrical appliances when not in use; - purchase energy-efficient equipment to replace retired equipment; - set all computer screens and printers to standby mode after a certain period; and - participate in energy-saving campaigns, including the earth hour lights-out campaign.

the group will investigate anomalies in electricity consumption to identify the root causes and carry out the corresponding preventative measures.

during fy2022, the group’s total energy consumption intensity increased by approximately 24.06% from approximately 316.38 kilowatt-hours per employee in fy2021 to approximately 392.50 kilowatt-hours per employee in fy2022.

the group is currently making progress in achieving the aforementioned target, and will continue to enhance its energy conservation measures in order to reduce energy consumption.

summary of energy consumption performance: table: energy consumption type of energy: , unit: , fy2022: , fy2021: type of energy: indirect energy consumption, unit: kilowatt-hours, fy2022: 6,280.00, fy2021: 5,062.00 type of energy: - electricity, unit: kilowatt-hours, fy2022: 6,280.00, fy2021: 5,062.00 type of energy: total energy consumption intensity, unit: kilowatt-hours/employee, fy2022: 392.50, fy2021: 316.38 notes: data includes the energy usage trends from 2021 to 2022, and shows that the energy consumption has increased in the areas of electricity and total energy consumption. 40 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report water consumption owing to the group’s business nature, the usage of water is confined to water used by employees in the office.

water consumption data was not available since water usage was covered in the office building management fees.

the target for water efficiency is also not presented, as water consumption data is not available.

although the water consumption of the group is insignificant, the group is dedicated to promoting the importance of water conservation to its employees.

apart from posting eye-catching stickers to promote water conservation, the group also regularly inspects water taps to prevent leakage and encourages employees to cherish water usage, such as by reducing unnecessary water consumption in washrooms and pantry.

the group did not encounter any problems in sourcing water that was fit for its purpose and was not aware of any abnormal water usage during fy2022.

the environment and natural resources although the core business of the group has a remote impact on the environment and natural resources, the group realises its responsibility to minimise any negative environmental impacts from its business operations as an ongoing commitment to good corporate social responsibility.

the group regularly assesses the environmental risks of its businesses, adopts relevant policies and preventive measures to reduce the risks and ensures compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.

indoor air quality to ensure that the group’s work environment is pleasant, the indoor air quality in its workplace is regularly monitored.

during fy2022, the indoor air quality of the group’s office was satisfactory.

to improve indoor air quality, air purifying equipment is used in the office when considered appropriate and the air conditioning system is cleaned periodically.

these measures maintained the indoor air quality at a satisfactory level by filtering out pollutants, contaminants and dust particles.

climate change mitigation and adaptation the group recognises the importance of identifying significant climate-related issues and mitigating of the related risks and is thus committed to managing the potential climate-related risks that may impact the group’s business activities.

during fy2022, the group conducted a climate change assessment to identify and mitigate the potential risks that may arise from its business operations.

any damage to the vessels may cause environmental pollution, including but not limited to fuel leakage and disposal of vessel debris.

when extreme weather events occur or are expected to occur, senior management will respond as planned and communicate with employees about the work solutions for employees to follow, so the employees know how to respond if any of the essential work arrangements become unavailable due to extreme weather events.

transition risks policy and legal risks the group anticipates that there will be more stringent climate legislation and regulations to support the global vision of carbon neutrality.

from a listed company’s perspective, the group acknowledges the increasing requirements for climate-related information and disclosures.

in addition, climate change may lead to higher emissions standards and higher requirements for climate change compliance in vessels.

the group has also included the above-mentioned transition risks in its risk management system, which will be reviewed regularly. 42 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report market risk under the advocation of "net zero", which refers to an ambition to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions, and the global vision of decarbonisation, there are an increasing number of investors who advocate for combating climate change.

if the group fails to implement effective measures to manage climate risks, investors may drive high level of divestment.

the group also sets targets for and endeavours to make progress in its esg-related issues.

social b1.

employment practices human resource are the foundation of the group.

the group recognises that sustainable growth relies on good recruitment and retention practices.

as at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 31 december 2021: 16 full-time employees in total.

the distribution of employees by gender, age group, geographical region, and employee category is as follows: i total workforce by gender table: total workforce by gender year: , male employees: , female employees: year: 2022, male employees: 8, female employees: 8 year: 2021, male employees: 8, female employees: 8 ii total workforce by age group table: total workforce by age group year: , under 30 years old: , 30-50 years old: , over 50 years old: year: 2022, under 30 years old: 1, 30-50 years old: 6, over 50 years old: 9 year: 2021, under 30 years old: 2, 30-50 years old: 5, over 50 years old: 9 notes: this table includes regional breakdowns and contract employee data.

cooprerage investment group limited annual report 2022 43 environmental, social and governance report iii total workforce by geographical region 2022 - hong kong: 1 - singapore: 15 2021 - hong kong: 1 - singapore: 15 iv total workforce by employee category 2022 - senior management: 6 - other employees: 9 2021 - senior management: 5 - other employees: 11 during fy2022, the total number of employees leaving employment was 2 fy2021: 1, and the total employee turnover rate4was approximately 12.50% fy2021: 6.25%.

the policies cover topics such as recruitment and remuneration, compensations, working hours of training per employee and rest periods, diversity and equal opportunity, etc.

recruitment, promotion and remuneration talent acquisition is vital to the sustainable development of the group’s businesses.

employees are recruited via a robust, transparent, and non-discriminatory recruitment process based on their merits and their potential to fulfil the group’s current and future needs.

remuneration and promotion are based on job-related skills, qualifications and performance.

the group also ensures that all hired seafarers operating on its vessels possess the necessary credentials required by the international safety management ism code.

working hours and rest periods to facilitate employees’ work-life balance, the group has formulated policies for determining working hours of training per employee and rest periods for employees, following local employment laws.

the group adopts a five-day workweek, and its employees are entitled to basic leaves such as sick leave, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.

the statute protects employees who are injured in the course of their employment due to an accident.

furthermore, the group is committed to providing equal opportunities in all aspects of employment, and protecting its employees from discrimination, physical or verbal harassment and other forms of harassment based on gender, age, religion, disability, ethnicity, political stance, marital status and other factors.

the group has zero tolerance for sexual harassment or abuse in the workplace in any form.

other benefits and welfare the group understands that good benefits and welfare encourage staff retention and foster a sense of belonging, as such, the group seeks to provide additional remuneration and benefits to employees where possible.

remuneration packages for employees usually include discretionary bonuses, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.

except for the aforementioned entitlement to various leaves, employees are also entitled to benefits such as medical insurance and other clinical benefits.

other allowances are also available to employees, such as travel allowances and education subsidies.

health and safety management during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with health and safety-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the occupational safety and health ordinance of the laws of hong kong.

there were no reported cases of work-related fatalities or lost days due to work injury during fy2022 fy2021: nil.

in the past three years, the group had no cases of work-related fatalities.

providing employees with a safe and healthy work environment is of utmost importance to the group.

health and safety measures that are applicable to an office-based business operation are limited.

in the office, fire extinguishers are appropriately placed, fire exits are free from obstructions, and first aid boxes can be found around the premises.

relevant safety policies are reviewed annually, or soon after an incident arises, to ensure their relevancy.

for the marine transportation operation, the group has established a sound safety management system with a comprehensive safety management manual and shipboard emergency plan to assist its crews and ashore staff in dealing with unexpected incidents and the subsequent approach to minimise damages, losses, or hazardous outputs.

the group understands that the potential impact of an incident on the marine transportation operation would be greater than that on an office-based operation.

therefore, the group convenes a safety management system review meeting at least once every year to review the effectiveness of the safety management system, and reviews whether the latest ism code has been properly dealt with.

development and training training and continuous development are essential for the group's employees to keep up with the industry's ever-changing trends.

as such, the group takes a proactive approach to providing employees with opportunities to advance their careers by encouraging them to apply for internal and external training courses to refresh prior knowledge and acquire new knowledge.

regular training and drills are carried out to familiarise employees and vessel crews with the group's policies and any newly updated guidelines.

the group believes that proper training lowers the risk of avoidable incidents and ensures compliance with the provisions set out by the international maritime organisation.

during fy2022, 75.00% fy2021: 75.00% of the group's employees have received training, with an average of 36.56 training hours of training per employee fy2021: 24.75 hours of training per employee per employee.

the percentage of trained employees, breakdown of trained employees, and average number of training hours of training per employee per employee, by gender and employee category, are as follows: percentage of trained employees % : , fy2022: , fy2021: : male, fy2022: 100.00, fy2021: 87.50 : female, fy2022: 50.00, fy2021: 62.50 : senior management, fy2022: 100.00, fy2021: 100.00 : management, fy2022: 100.00, fy2021: - : other employees, fy2022: 33.33, fy2021: 20.00 breakdown of trained employees % : , fy2022: , fy2021: : male, fy2022: 66.67, fy2021: 58.33 : female, fy2022: 33.33, fy2021: 41.67 : senior management, fy2022: 75.00, fy2021: 91.67 : management, fy2022: 8.33, fy2021: - : other employees, fy2022: 16.67, fy2021: 8.33 average training hours of training per employee per employee hours of training per employee : , fy2022: , fy2021: : male, fy2022: 59.38, fy2021: 33.00 : female, fy2022: 13.75, fy2021: 16.50 : senior management, fy2022: 58.89, fy2021: 34.18 : management, fy2022: 25.00, fy2021: - : other employees, fy2022: 5.00, fy2021: 4.00 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 47 environmental, social and governance report notes: 6.

labour standards prevention of child and forced labour child and forced labour are strictly prohibited as defined by laws and regulations.

the group does not employ children before they reach the legal age to work as defined by the relevant laws and regulations.

personal data is collected during the recruitment process detailed in the group's new employee recruitment procedures to assist in the selection of suitable candidates and the verification of the candidates' personal data.

the human resources department will ensure that the identity documents are carefully checked and that the selected candidate has reached the legal age to work.

if any employees suspect a violation is involved, they should report it to their supervisors or the group's human resources department.

supply chain management the group selects suppliers based on their technical proposals, prevailing market prices, delivery times and reputations.

the group follows the rules and regulations set down by the international maritime organisation and the ship classification societies to manage the environmental and social risks in relation to its marine transportation operation.

the group encourages its business partners and suppliers to consider the risks posed to their operations from climate change and to mitigate the related environmental impacts on them during supplier management meetings and events.

suppliers with the iso 14001: environmental management system ems certificate will be prioritised in the group's supplier engagement process.

fair and open tendering the group has developed a tendering procedure to engage suppliers in a fair and competitive manner, under which senior management is responsible for all the decision making during the tendering process.

the management team also regularly inspects the product quality and the health and safety conditions of its suppliers.

during the selection process, vendors are encouraged to consider and manage their environmental and social issues with suppliers, and makes corresponding improvement measures.

the group also shares its sustainable operating practices and disseminates environmental concepts, including the latest knowledge on quality, safety, and good employment and environmental practices.

product and service quality assurance the group understands the necessity of further safeguarding the health and safety matters of its marine transportation business.

in addition to strict compliance with the ism code, the group has established a number of policies to stipulate the responsibilities of each officer on board the vessels.

in particular, the group has a well-established shipboard emergency alert mechanism, under which a safety committee and an emergency response team have been set up to investigate and handle any shipboard hazardous occurrences or emergency incidents.

during fy2022, there was no product sold or shipped subjected to recall for safety and health reasons.

in addition, the group has provisions regarding data privacy in its code of conduct and ethics.

anti-corruption and whistleblowing anti-corruption solid corporate governance and risk management are essential to the group's long-term development and sustainable growth.

the group values and upholds integrity, honesty and fairness in how the group conducts business.

the group affirms its zero-tolerance policy regarding corruption, fraud and all other behaviours that severely violate professionalism and work ethics.

the code of conduct and ethics and the conflict of interest and transactions with interested persons policy have been formulated by the group to prevent misconduct and promote ethical and honest business behaviour.

moreover, board members and all staff are required to declare their interests, gifts or hospitality received in connection with their role within the group.

annual report 2022 51 environmental, social and governance report to ensure that all employees can perform their duties with high ethical standards and professionalism, the group has arranged internal and external anti-corruption and corporate governance training and encouraged employees to actively learn about the latest developments and future trends in global anti-money laundering.

during fy2022, directors and employees had received a total of 9 hours of training per employee fy2021: 10 hours of training per employee and 11 hours of training per employee fy2021: 8 hours of training per employee of anti-corruption training, respectively.

a corporate email address has been set up for access by the chairman of the audit committee and all independent non-executive directors for whistleblowing purposes.

for any report received, the audit committee will consult with the chairman of the board and independent non-executive directors about any preventive measures to be put in place to prevent future breaches of a similar nature from taking place.

community investment the group realises the importance of giving back to society and is committed to supporting the community by various means of social participation and contribution as part of its strategic development.

as a responsible corporation, the group has established relevant guidelines on community investment to encourage its employees to engage in community services and voluntary activities.

since the group's core business of marine transportation will result in unavoidable carbon emissions and other environmental footprint when its vessels are chartered for use, the group has identified environmental concerns as its focus area of contribution for community investment, particularly in the area of marine conservation.

during fy2022, the group devoted significant resources to maintaining its business operations amidst the pandemic, including various supports for its staff and vessel crews, and suspended all philanthropic activities.

the group will focus more on social participation and community investment when the pandemic eases.

we are independent of the group in accordance with the international ethics standards board for accountants' code of ethics for professional accountants the "code", and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the code.

both the group and employees contribute a fixed percentage to the mpf scheme based on their monthly salary in accordance with government regulations.

