it symbolizes the company's commitment to environmental responsibility and sustainable practices.
in fy2022, the board continued to oversee the management and monitoring of these esg factors as part of its overall responsibility of directing and leading the organisation towards our mission of value creation and building a sustainable business.
although the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on tourism has lessened, with international borders re-opening and countries embracing the new normalcy, significant measures were still put in place at each of our assets, topmost being the safety and security of our employees and guests.
headcount and manning were restructured and reorganised operationally, whilst prioritising the welfare of our employees, guests and the maintenance of the assets.
these measures are constantly reviewed and adopted as the pandemic situation evolved to ensure our assets remain sustainable and would emerge in a stronger position.
the scope of this report focuses on sustainability performance, activities, and initiatives under our direct control.
2.2 report methodology this report was prepared using the global reporting initiative's gri standards sustainability reporting guidelines.
the gri standards were chosen for their detailed guidance on governance, environmental, social, and economic performance disclosures.
climate risks are a growing concern, and the report addresses climate-related disclosures based on task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd recommendations.
climate risks relevant to the group and their impacts have been preliminarily identified.
greenhouse gas emission efficiency index targets have been set for monitoring.
there is currently no formal process for managing climate-related risks; the tcfd recommendations will be progressively adopted.
2.3 report structure this sustainability report reflects the interests of key stakeholders.
for each group, management approaches, material issues, prioritization, initiatives, and outcomes are described, focusing on environmental, social, and economic issues.
3.1 mission and values mission: dedicated to creating value and building a sustainable business.
values: integrity customer focus ownership embrace change teamwork pursuit of excellence 3.2 governance the board oversees corporate governance and operational matters relating to our business.
for corporate sustainability, the board is supported by the corporate sustainability committee "csc" , chaired by the chief executive officer and including designated senior executives.
a diagram illustrating the relationships between the board, csc, corporate sustainability champion, corporate sustainability workgroup, esg management, and csr management.
3.3 ethics and compliance being a listed company on the singapore exchange, we are committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance as required in the listing rules.
our board directors have undergone mandatory sustainability training in fy2022 to enhance their understanding of sustainability reporting and abide by local and international best practices.
our corporate governance framework covers ethics and compliance through a code of conduct and action guidelines communicated periodically.
we have a designated officer who maintains a register of incidences regarding ethics and compliance issues and escalates them to management where appropriate.
4. integrating sustainability into our business corporate social responsibility is a key driver towards long-term sustainability which is pragmatically integrated into our business practices and our corporate culture.
being in the hospitality business, we are in a privileged position to raise awareness on the importance of sustainability and allow our guests to participate in some of the sustainability initiatives during their stay with us in our hotel.
we have engaged global professional hotel management companies reputed for their experience and approach toward sustainability to tap into their valuable knowledge and industry best practices to help us in implementing and integrating sustainability in our daily business practices and operational activities.
we aim to create a culture of sustainability among our staff in every aspect of our hotel operations, a culture which allows us to imprint positive influence on our guests through their experience with us.
with the increase in sophistication and changes to the demographics of our guests, they are appreciating every efforts that we have put into implementing and integrating sustainability at our hotels.
priority is given to issues important to society that is applicable to us.
we then prioritise our sustainability efforts and report issues that are most material to our business and stakeholders.
4 integrating sustainability into our business stakeholders : environment and future generation, material issues : climate change natural disaster urbanisation, pollution etc., gri standards : gri 201/302/305, significance : our core business is in the area of hospitality.
our hotel provides comfortable and conducive accommodation to our guests.
climate change such as monsoon seasons and pollution directly affect the holiday or business-related experience of our guests.
our measures focus on the key goals of reduction of energy and water consumption, reduction of carbon footprint and raising staff awareness on sustainable issues.
stakeholders : employee, material issues : employee health and safety employee skill set employee equal opportunity based on merit non-discrimination code of conduct human rights, gri standards : gri 201/401/402/403/404/405/406/411, significance : our employees want to work in a company that prioritises workplace safety, that is ethical and empathetic, where they will be motivated and empowered to meet their full potential, both professionally and personally.
through mutual respect and equal opportunities based on merit, we develop a culture of goodwill and motivation with the employees.
such culture will translate into hospitality towards our hotel guests.
stakeholders : customer, material issues : customer health and safety terrorism consumer trends, gri standards : gri 416/417/418, significance : the safety and security of guests are of paramount importance, particularly as the hotel is located in a tourist destination i.e. phuket with incidents of theft and rowdy tourists' behaviour.
fire, life and safety related standards and tsunami evacuation are strictly adhered to, in compliance with legal regulations.
such measures instill guest confidence in the hotel and the brand.
stakeholders : supplier, material issues : sustainable and quality supplies ethical practice of suppliers, gri standards : gri 308/414, significance : working closely with suppliers and channel partners would boost competitiveness and encourage sharing of sustainable practices.
we have also tapped on the list of sustainable suppliers that work closely with our appointed hotel operator, intercontinental hotels group plc ihg . stakeholders : community, material issues : preserving culture and heritage of the local community goodwill with local community, gri standards : gri 201, significance : our hotel maintains good relationships with our neighbours in the city and area where it is located.
neighbours are engaged on a regular basis.
management team members are involved in local associations which promote various community causes.
such measures help to build the hotel's reputation in the local community.
respect local culture, stakeholders and norms within the laws and regulations., gri standards : gri 205/206/415, significance : legal compliance and ethical actions form the core of our business, and our ethos is exemplified by strong corporate governance, transparent reporting and open communication with all our stakeholder groups.
4 integrating sustainability into our business 4.3 awards and achievements holiday inn resort phuket tripadvisor 2022 travelers' choice holiday inn resort phuket, an ihg hotel received the tripadvisor 2022 travelers' choice award.
agoda 2022 customer review awards holiday inn resort phuket received an 8.8 rating in the agoda 2022 customer review awards sha plus+ . phuket best hotel for social security 2022 holiday inn resort phuket was recognized as the phuket best hotel for social security in 2022. 5 stakeholder engagement we believe that good csr practice goes hand-in-hand with good corporate management practice.
stakeholder: environment and future generation, management approach: hotel guidelines are geared towards reduction of energy and water consumption, reduction of our carbon footprint, improving guest comfort, and raising staff awareness on sustainable developments., initiatives: green solutions by using energy-efficient lighting and lighting controls, installing occupancy sensors in offices and public areas, stopped providing plastic straws and provides drinking water in reusable glass bottles, miniature one-time use bathroom amenity bottles have been replaced with bulk dispensers to reduce wastage, implementing sustainable pest control management and landscape management plan.
progressive replacement to more energy and water efficient appliances such as central chiller system, dishwashers, ice machines, refrigerators, televisions, bathroom fixtures etc. in fy2022, the hotel replaced boilers with heat pumps to reduce fuel consumption and air pollution, and changed the swimming pool water sand filter to a more efficient grid filter.
energy saving action plan for each department – staff are more mindful of the environment and sustainability while carrying out their duties – draw the curtains for natural daylight when doing housekeeping, operate washer and dryer machines on full load etc., outcome and responses: regular operational reviews allow for trending and long-term monitoring of consumption which can be used for future planning purposes.
immediate energy and costs savings.
a level 2 certification signifies that the hotel have taken steps to go above and beyond the basics and ingraining sustainability into the hotel operations., boundaries: hotel operations in phuket table end.
5 stakeholder engagement stakeholder: employee management approach: our hotel has created an environment where the staff are aligned and committed.
we attract, develop, motivate and retain talent to work in all departments.
we are committed to workplace safety and health to prevent occupational injuries and ensure our workforce is well taken-care of.
surveys are in place to engage employees where employees can provide feedback on their work, managers, satisfaction etc. various channels of communications are also in place for employees to provide feedback, including confidential reporting online/mobile hotline to encourage anonymous employee feedback when necessary.
employees are provided with cross-exposure opportunities and have access to multiple training platforms to develop their capabilities.
employees are also provided with bigger cluster positions to oversee the same function in several other hotels managed by the hotel operator in a specific area.
ihg's brand safety standards are implemented, which specify reasonable and practicable measures to mitigate foreseeable health and safety risks.
employees are also encouraged to provide feedback regarding potential safety and health risks and hazards which will be investigated and managed.
independent investigation on anonymous feedbacks are carried out with appropriate follow-up action taken.
more talents are retained because of the cross-exposure and cluster opportunities.
a safe and secure work environment will boost employees’ morale and increase employee engagement.
boundaries: hotel operations in phuket 5 stakeholder engagement stakeholder: customer , management approach: we strive to deliver the best quality product, together with the best service in a safe environment for our guests.
guests' feedback is valued.
loyal customers are also rewarded and recognised., initiatives: guests' feedbacks are important during their stay and rectification work is done immediately.
there are also many other avenues where our guests can express their opinions and reviews for further improvement.
examples of such diverse avenues are online guest surveys, social media channels, online review sites such as tripadvisor, and loyalty programme.
all feedback from guests are monitored regularly and addressed as soon as practicable.
staff members are trained to assist guests to evacuate the premises in the event of fire or natural disasters.
evacuation routes and assembly grounds have been demarcated and adequate supplies and equipment have been stored in these assembly grounds., outcome and responses: higher guest satisfaction results in more repeat guests and enhances the hotel reputation., boundaries: hotel operations in phuket stakeholder: supplier , management approach: supplier selection and review process., initiatives: feedback and communication with suppliers on products, services and sustainable practices., outcome and responses: supplier engagement and alignment of goals for sustainable purchasing, boundaries: hotel operations in phuket stakeholder: community , management approach: selection of initiatives that engages the local communities we operate in., initiatives: provide scholarships, in-kind donations and organise charitable activities benefiting local communities.
work placement and internship offers to local educational and vocational institutes., outcome and responses: increase visibility, create awareness and improve employee satisfaction., boundaries: hotel operations in phuket table end.
5.1 protecting our environment for future generations 5.1.1 our approach we continuously seek new and innovative ways to reduce the environmental impact of our products and services while maintaining the quality.
5.1.2 reduction of carbon footprint we recognise that the effective management and monitoring of carbon footprint can reduce operating costs, raise brand profile, create a competitive edge and increase stakeholder value.
our carbon footprint is measured in terms of greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emission.
however, greenhouse gas emission is an absolute measure of how much carbon 5. stakeholder engagement greenhouse gas emission index the chart shows the greenhouse gas emission index kgco₂e / singapore dollar million from 2018 to 2022. note that the 2020 and 2021 figures are marked with a ^ symbol, indicating low revenue due to the covid-19 pandemic.
5.1.3 reduction of paper consumption our employees are urged to minimize paper wastage at work by adhering to our internal guidelines.
we have implemented a digital document management system with an aim to improve operational efficiency, security, and reduce paper consumption.
we hope to eventually evolve into a paperless working environment.
considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we established our paper consumption index for consistent tracking of paper consumption over time.
to this end, we have set a target for a reduction in paper consumption of 10% from our 2017 level by 2030. in fy2022, we consumed a total of 3,509 kilograms of paper.
we will continue to monitor our paper consumption and work towards our 2030 goal.
notes : the 2020 and 2021 data points for both the greenhouse gas emission index and paper consumption index are annotated with a "^" symbol, indicating that the lower revenue due to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic may have affected these figures' comparability to prior years.
5 stakeholder engagement 5.1.4 promoting green practices our hotel has been implementing green solutions suitable for its operating environment.
each green solution lays out the steps that the hotel must take to implement the solution.
such initiatives are to be implemented through areas such as design, operational procedures and adaptation of green technologies to achieve objectives such as reducing energy, water and waste, cutting carbon emissions, improving guest health and comfort as well as reducing operating and maintenance costs.
examples of green solutions range from using energy-efficient lighting and lighting controls, installing water-efficient bathroom fixtures to using energy efficient appliances or any other alternative energy sourcing, using heat pump to replace heavy oil in generating heat for hot water and replacing swimming pool water sand filters with more efficient grid filters.
our hotel also aims to raise employees' and guests' awareness about environmental issues.
5.1.5 hotel sustainability initiatives our hotel proactively track sustainability indicators as a core part of our hotel management practices.
5.2 caring for our employees 5.2.1 our approach our people are our valuable resource and investing in their professional development is vital to our business sustainability.
we recognise that a motivated workforce will convey a positive message to all our key stakeholders.
by attracting, nurturing, empowering and rewarding our employees, we create an environment conducive for innovation and inspiration which will boost our competitiveness.
our business operates in an environment with diverse races, cultures and geographic locations.
with this in mind, our human resource hr polices take into consideration the prevailing laws and regulations as well as local culture, norms and sensitivity.
5.2.2 employment practices our hr management principles and policies have been developed and established based on fair employment practices with the goal of attracting, developing and retaining a robust and motivated workforce.
our hr policies cover key areas such as remuneration, benefits, and training.
5.2.2.1 communication as we grow, effective and regular communication across the organisation is crucial to ensure continuous alignment of objectives between the employees and the organisation.
we achieve this through our various communication sessions customised based on the target employees.
5.2.2.2 employee feedback we value our employees’ expertise in their areas of responsibilities.
through various established processes of employee engagement, such as employee objective setting, performance review, as well as exit interviews in events of resignations, we gather valuable feedback for continuous improvements to the organisation.
this policy allows staff to raise their concerns in confidence about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters.
5.2.2.3 career development and training we recognise that education and training is essential in maintaining a competitive workforce.
employee career development and performance management are established based on merit and contribution.
training programmes cover a variety of areas catering for employees with different job scopes and skills requirements.
in addition, specific training are provided based on the specific requirements of the businesses and functions.
training topics range from soft skills such as communication and hospitality to technical programmes covering energy saving, safety and office productivity tools.
in fy2022, each employee received an average of 7.3 hours of training per employee of training.
senior management registered an average of 17.8 hours of training per employee of training per person while managerial and non-managerial staff received an average of 16.3 hours of training per employee and 5.9 hours of training per employee of training respectively.
we will continue to monitor our performance and work towards our 2030 goal.
5.2.3 workforce diversity in fy2022, 155 of our employees were male, comprising 53% of our workforce, while 138 47% employees were female.
in terms of management function excluding senior management , 17 males 53% held managerial positions compared to 15 females 47% , while 131 males 53% and 118 females 47% held non-managerial positions.
from an age profile perspective, there were 103 employees below 30 years old.
the number of employees between 30 and 50 years old was 164 while 26 employees were above 50 years old.
in addition to the human resources we manage, we also engage external contracted companies as our outsourced vendors to provide personnel, who might work within our premises.
although we supervise these individuals, they are employed by contracted companies and are not included in our head count.
we do not employ other types of un-contracted workers.
we expect that the contracted companies we work with will share our core principles of hr management practices.
workforce profile a chart showing the number of employees categorized by gender and management level across different financial years.
the chart shows the distribution of employees by gender male/female , management level senior management, managerial, non-managerial , and financial year 2018-2022 . table: workforce profile data 2018-2022 financial year: 2018, male non-managerial : 239, male managerial : 24, male senior management : 12, female non-managerial : 221, female managerial : 23, female senior management : 15, total employees: 534 financial year: 2019, male non-managerial : 235, male managerial : 18, male senior management : 12, female non-managerial : 210, female managerial : 22, female senior management : 14, total employees: 511 financial year: 2020, male non-managerial : 117, male managerial : 18, male senior management : 9, female non-managerial : 88, female managerial : 13, female senior management : 5, total employees: 250 financial year: 2021, male non-managerial : 88, male managerial : 17, male senior management : 5, female non-managerial : 63, female managerial : 5, female senior management : 13, total employees: 191 financial year: 2022, male non-managerial : 131, male managerial : 17, male senior management : 7, female non-managerial : 118, female managerial : 15, female senior management : 5, total employees: 293 table end.
image of diverse hands raised, symbolizing stakeholder engagement.
managerial staff female: 47% male: 53% table: managerial staff age profile age group: 50, percentage: 20% age group: 30-50, percentage: 75% age group: ≤ 30, percentage: 5% table end.
non-managerial staff female: 47% male: 53% table: non-managerial staff age profile age group: 50, percentage: 5% age group: 30-50, percentage: 55% age group: ≤ 30, percentage: 40% table end.
5.2.4 employee benefits to ensure our workforce is well taken-care of, our employees are provided with statutory benefits as well as market-competitive non-statutory benefits, such as extensive group employee insurance, flexible work arrangements, wellness programmes, and supermarket vouchers to cope with the rising inflation.
5.2.4.1 retirement and healthcare our group has presence overseas where there are local laws and regulations on pension and healthcare for employees.
5.2.5 safety and health in the workplace we are committed to workplace safety and health and take precautions to prevent occupational injuries among employees, as well as providing a safe and healthy environment for our guests.
we work closely with ihg and the hotel's executive committee, to create monitoring, reporting, and assurance protocols, to oversee key areas of uncertainty and manage the effectiveness of risk management and internal control arrangements, including in relation to safety and security.
ihg's brand safety standards are also implemented, which specify reasonable and practicable measures to mitigate foreseeable health, safety and security risks.
full, selected or sample inspections were conducted periodically to ensure compliance to ihg's brand safety standards.
ihg's brand safety standards are also designed to anticipate and identify safety and security risks in an evolving landscape and provide appropriate levels of control necessary to mitigate against significant incidents.
regular meetings by ihg's regional and global subject matter experts in safety and security with hotel operations support teams, such as engineering, food and beverage, rooms and human resources, to review, renew and set operational safety and security policies and procedures.
besides the ihg's brand safety standards, we also constantly sought the feedback of our hotel employees regarding potential safety and health risks and hazards in the workplace.
potential safety and health risks and hazards are being reported to the hotel's executive committee, for their investigation.
the results from the investigation will then be managed through multi-layered training guidance that is specific to improve safety and health for our employees and our guests.
in fy2022, safety trainings were conducted, covering areas such as: tsunami and fire evacuation renewal of electrician licenses certified gas operator licenses hygiene standards food handling certification first aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation cpr 5.2.6 individual rights protecting basic human rights is fundamental to all our operations.
labour rights, the prohibition of discrimination and harassment, protection of privacy, prohibition of forced and child labour, and workplace health and safety are observed within the work environment.
discrimination and harassment are not tolerated.
we also respect our employees' rights to freedom of association as well as their membership with trade unions and other professional bodies.
in fy2022, no incidents of forced labour, child labour or young workers were identified across the organisation, and no human rights-related grievances have been reported.
5.3 focusing on our customers' needs 5.3.1 our approach safety within our hotel premises have always been our key priority.
open and frequent communication and responsive feedback are ingrained into our daily activities with customer interaction.
in addition to striving for excellence in our product, service and support, we attach importance to data privacy.
achieving these goals require a multifaceted plan that starts with staff training and guest education about safety and security issues.
constant planning to stay ahead of these issues is also a must, especially when the hotel hosts public events.
5.3.2.1 access control controlling access is an important part of hotel security planning to prevent criminal activities such as theft from guest rooms.
our contractors and staff are trained in controlling room key distribution and restricting access to registered guests only.
security personnel are stationed at all main access points to greet people, while deterring anyone with no business from entering the property, especially disruptive or intoxicated non-guests.
5.3.2.2 guests education hotel employees have a responsibility to educate guests on safety and security responsibilities.
for instance, the bellman can gently remind guests the importance of locking room doors to prevent theft when delivering luggage to guests' rooms.
front desk staff can also subtly discourage guests from actions that leave them vulnerable to crime, such as flashing their room key cards with room numbers.
our staff are trained to manage such delicate situations in a professional manner to ensure the safety of our guests.
: an illustration depicting a city with green buildings and a person riding a bicycle in a green environment.
5 stakeholder engagement 5.3.2.3 public areas patrol technology has come a long way in helping hotels upgrade basic security measures.
however, these areas also allow open access to disruptive persons, muggers and pickpockets.
5.3.2.4 staff training hotel guests can participate in relevant safety programmes carried out by the hotel.
our hotel staff are trained with the objective of ensuring a consistent, professional response to emergencies.
our staff are empowered to take responsibility in addressing unusual behaviour that occurs on hotel property, without jeopardising their own safety.
in addition, training relating to guest services such as language courses, culture awareness and guests interaction are frequently conducted to improve service standards.
5.4 partnering our suppliers 5.4.1 our approach our supply chain activities can be split into two broad categories: corporate supply chains and hotel supply chains.
our corporate supply chains cover procurement for our corporate offices.
at the hotel level, supply chains cover procurement for items required for running a hotel and cover a wide range of items including food, linens, cleaning supplies and furniture.
we believe that building strong relationships with our suppliers is essential in achieving sustainable business practices throughout our supply chains.
we recognise that it is a continuously evolving process and hence, we have to be pragmatic in terms of communication and expectation of our key suppliers.
5.4.2 supplier selection our key suppliers are selected through our supplier selection process.
when selecting our key suppliers, we examine criteria such as financial health, quality of products and services and competitiveness of pricing.
our suppliers are also required to abide by ihg's supplier code of conduct, which outlines several criteria such as compliance with applicable laws and regulations related to the conduct of business, health and safety, labour practices and the environment.
in making business decisions, suppliers are expected to endeavour to reduce their environmental impact.
there should also be no discrimination and no forced and child labour.
our final decision on supplier selection will be based on the overall assessment which takes a balanced view across all selection criteria.
in fy2022, 100% of new suppliers were screened using environmental and social criteria.
5.4.3 supplier review we review the performance of our key suppliers to determine whether to extend our partnership with them.
such review process allows us to evaluate and ensure that our key suppliers' services and products aligns to our business requirements and sustainability objectives.
5.5 supporting our community 5.5.1 our approach we believe in giving back to the communities we conduct our business in.
over the years, we have been providing support to local schools, families with financial difficulties and disaster relief efforts.
to this end, our engagement programmes encompass financial and practical support to carefully selected beneficiaries, such as fundraising and voluntary activities like donations of cash and necessities.
these continuous out-reach efforts have fostered goodwill, improved relations and communication, and helped to nurture a stable and peaceful local environment.
our community initiatives are managed according to how closely they align with our own community engagement goals, the anticipated staff participation rate, and the tangible impact on the beneficiary.
5.5.2 our community initiatives highlight charity event – lazy beach marketplace holiday inn resort phuket's terrazzo restaurant participated in this charity event.
25% of food and beverage sales generated from this event went towards supporting local underprivileged thai hospitality students for them to continue their educations.
giving support to a local children football academy volunteers from our hotel raised funds and taught the local children football.
volunteers with children from a local football academy.
blood donation drive holiday inn resort phuket worked together with a local hospital to host the blood donation drive.
our staff and colleagues from nearby hotels participated and in 2022, we have assisted in collecting 48 blood bags.
participants at the blood donation drive.
beach clean-up project in collaboration with phuket hotels association, holiday inn resort phuket management and staff took part in phuket green day beach cleaning at patong beach to protect the ocean from pollution and keep the island clean.
6 performance table 6.1 energy usage and co₂ emissions direct and indirect co₂ emissions from fuel and electricity consumptions are measured in greenhouse gas emissions in kgco₂e while electricity consumption is measured in kilowatt hour kilowatt-hours . we purchased fuel and electricity from non-renewable sources.
our business and function grow over time and the greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption patterns vary.
to ensure consistency and comparability of the greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption measures over time, we create a greenhouse gas emission index and electricity consumption index for our performance monitoring.
the index adjusts the greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption for the size of our activities.
we normalize the amount of greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption by the amount of our revenues which we use as a proxy of the size of our activities.
the greenhouse gas emission index is measured in kgco₂e per singapore dollar million and the electricity consumption index is measured in kilowatt-hours per singapore dollar million.
table: greenhouse gas emission and electricity consumption index fy2018-fy2023 index: greenhouse gas emission index kgco₂e/singapore dollar million , fy2018: 179,374, fy2019: 198,366, fy2020: 231,353, fy2021: 412,571, fy2022: 216,312, fy2022 target: 384,177 7% , fy2023 target: 208,902 3% index: electricity consumption index kilowatt-hours/singapore dollar million , fy2018: 425,592, fy2019: 469,241, fy2020: 541,014, fy2021: 918,148, fy2022: 540,087, fy2022 target: 857,542 7% , fy2023 target: 519,163 4% index: electricity consumption kilowatt-hours , fy2018: 11,780,879, fy2019: 10,961,460, fy2020: 3,667,183, fy2021: 2,445,782, fy2022: 7,057,321, fy2022 target: -, fy2023 target: - table end.
fy2022 performance the greenhouse gas emission index and electricity consumption index stands at 216,312 kgco₂e per singapore dollar million and 540,087 kilowatt-hours per singapore dollar million respectively which are lower than last year.
this increase was much higher than the increase in electricity consumption in kilowatt-hours , thereby lowering the greenhouse gas emission index and electricity consumption index.
however, the indexes are 24% and 30% higher than our base year 2017 – greenhouse gas emission index: 174,476 kgco₂e per singapore dollar million; electricity consumption index: 414,102 kilowatt-hours per singapore dollar million . this was due to electricity consumption not decreasing in line with revenue as certain electricity usage is still necessary for the maintenance and hygiene of the hotel regardless of the occupancy rate.
we have been managing our electricity consumption through various initiatives and will continue to monitor our performance and work towards our 2030 goals of 10% improvement from 2017 level.
6.2 paper consumption we capture the data for paper consumption by the number of packs of 500 sheets of paper used, where one ream is equivalent to 500 sheets of paper.
to ensure consistency and comparability across various paper sizes, such as a3 and a4 papers, we measure paper consumption by the weight of paper used which is adjusted for the various sizes and quality of papers.
our business and function grow over time and the paper consumption patterns vary.
we devise a paper consumption index for our performance monitoring.
the index adjusts the paper consumption for the size of our activities.
we normalise the weight of paper consumed by the amount of our revenues which we use as a proxy of the size of our activities.
the paper consumption index is measured in kilograms per singapore dollar million.
fy2022 performance we consumed a total of 3,509 kilograms of paper in fy2022.
the paper consumption index stands at 269 kilograms per singapore dollar million which is 45% lower than last year.
we will continue to monitor our paper consumption and work towards our 2030 goal of 10% improvement from the 2017 level.
6.3 hotel sustainability indicators table: hotel sustainability indicators fy2018-fy2023 indicator: greenhouse gas co₂e emission per occupied room kgco₂e/room , fy2018: 41.9, fy2019: 44.2, fy2020: 67.5, fy2021: 77.5, fy2022: 39.8, fy2022 target: 72.9 5.9% , fy2023 target: 39.3 1.3% indicator: electricity consumption per occupied room kilowatt-hours/room , fy2018: 99.5, fy2019: 104.6, fy2020: 158.1, fy2021: 172.7, fy2022: 99.5, fy2022 target: 163.0 5.6% , fy2023 target: 97.7 1.8% indicator: water consumption per occupied room cubic meters/room , fy2018: 1.9, fy2019: 2.1, fy2020: 4.9, fy2021: 5.7, fy2022: 1.5, fy2022 target: 5.2 8.8% , fy2023 target: 1.5 -- indicator: waste per occupied room kilograms/room , fy2018: 2.8, fy2019: 2.8, fy2020: 2.8, fy2021: 3.5, fy2022: 1.6, fy2022 target: 3.4 2.9% , fy2023 target: 1.6 -- table end.
we have also achieved our 2030 goal for waste per occupied room of 2.5 kilograms per room.
however, the electricity consumption per occupied room is 5.0% higher than our base year 2017 – 94.8 kilowatt-hours per room . as explained in section 6.1, this was due to electricity consumption not decreasing in line with revenue as certain electricity usage is still necessary for the maintenance and hygiene of the hotel regardless of the occupancy rate.
we will continue to monitor our performance and work towards our 2030 goals of 10% improvement from the 2017 level.
fy2022 performance: we have not set a target by gender as our employment profile over the years was relatively balanced.
we will monitor our employment profile every year.
target year: fy2022, average training hours per employee: 7.7 +1.0 year: fy2023, average training hours per employee: 8.3 +1.0 table end.
fy2022 performance: in fy2022, the average training hours of training per employee per employee was 7.3 hours of training per employee, 4.8 hours of training per employee lower than the base year 2017 - 12.1 hours of training per employee and 0.4 hours of training per employee below the target of 7.7 hours of training per employee for fy2022.
the company will continue to monitor performance and work towards a 2030 goal of an average of 15 training hours of training per employee per employee.
6.7 community contribution performance year: fy2018, donation & fund raising events: 2, community events: 2, volunteer man-hours : 1,400, number of beneficiaries: 225 year: fy2019, donation & fund raising events: 4, community events: 2, volunteer man-hours : 1,000, number of beneficiaries: 202 year: fy2020, donation & fund raising events: 2, community events: 3, volunteer man-hours : 500, number of beneficiaries: 41 year: fy2021, donation & fund raising events: 2, community events: 2, volunteer man-hours : 60, number of beneficiaries: 46 year: fy2022, donation & fund raising events: 5, community events: 4, volunteer man-hours : 72, number of beneficiaries: -- table end.
target no target was set for community contribution in fy2022 as the company has always been committed to participating in local events, charitable, and worthy causes year on year.
the company will continue to monitor its community contribution annually.
gri 206: anti-competitive behaviour 2016 7 gri content index gri standard : environment gri standard : gri 302: energy 2016, disclosure : 302-1 energy consumption within the organisation, response : sr section 5.1.2, 6.1 gri standard : gri 305: emissions 2016, disclosure : 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, response : sr section 5.1.2, 6.1 gri standard : gri 308: supplier environmental assessment 2016, disclosure : 308-1 new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria, response : sr section 5.4.2 gri standard : social gri standard : gri 401: employment 2016, disclosure : 401-2 benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, response : sr section 5.2.4 gri standard : gri 402: labour/management relations 2016, disclosure : 402-1 minimum notice periods regarding operational changes, response : sr section 5.2.2.1 gri standard : gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018, disclosure : 403-1 occupational health and safety management system, response : sr section 5.2.5 table end.
