the board puts in place a code of conduct and ethics, sets an appropriate tone-from-the-top and desired organisational culture, and ensures proper accountability within the company.
directors facing conflicts of interest recuse themselves from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict.
provision 1.2 the board is entrusted with the responsibility for the overall management of the business and corporate affairs of the group and to protect and enhance long-term shareholders' value.
apart from its statutory and fiduciary responsibilities, the primary functions of the board are to perform their roles and responsibilities laid out under the code and the board's terms of reference.
the board, in the course of performing its roles and responsibilities, acts in good faith and objectively makes decisions considering the best interests of the group.
directors understand the company’s business as well as their directorship duties including their roles as executive, non-executive and independent directors . directors are provided with opportunities to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the company’s expense.
outside of the mandatory quarterly board meetings, the board had communications with management via teleconferences and email.
board director training and development fy2020 all directors are appointed to the board via a formal letter of appointment non-executive directors or a service agreement executive directors , outlining their duties and obligations.
the company secretary or representatives briefs them on key regulatory changes; external auditors brief the audit and risk committee arc on accounting standard amendments.
the board emphasizes ongoing training and development for effective board service.
all directors are encouraged to pursue further training to enhance their skills, including attending courses and events organized by the singapore institute of directors sid . newly appointed directors without prior experience as a director of an sgx-st listed issuer receive sid training as prescribed by the sgx-st to ensure they possess the skills and knowledge for their statutory and fiduciary duties.
provision 1.4 board committees, including executive committees if any , are formed with clear written terms of reference setting out their compositions, authorities and duties, including reporting back to the board.
presently, the board delegated the implementation of the business policies and day-to-day operations to the interim chief executive officer “ceo” of the company.
to delegate effective management, the board is further supported in its functions by and has delegated certain authorities to three 3 board committees, namely, the audit and risk committee “arc” , nominating committee “nc” and remuneration committee “rc” collectively, the “board committees” which have been established to facilitate and assist the board in the execution and discharge of specific responsibilities as set out in the written terms of reference.
all board committees are chaired by independent directors and each board committee has its own terms of reference setting out the scope of its duties and responsibilities, the rules and regulations and procedures governing the manner in which it is to operate and how decisions are to be taken.
provision 1.5: director attendance at meetings directors attend and actively participate in board and board committee meetings.
provision 1.6: management information provided to directors management provides directors with complete, adequate, and timely information prior to meetings and on an ongoing basis to enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their responsibilities.
dates of board and board committee meetings, annual general meetings agms , and extraordinary general meetings egms are scheduled in advance in consultation with all directors.
the number of board and board committee meetings held and attendance records for fy2020 are in table b on page 42 of this annual report.
even as measures ease, the company may continue to hold meetings electronically, depending on the covid-19 situation.
provision 1.7: director access and independence directors have separate and independent access to management, the company secretary, and external advisors where necessary at the company's expense.
during fy2020, the board had separate and independent access to management and the external auditors at all times.
the board also has separate and independent access to the company secretary.
the company secretary attends to corporate secretariat administration matters, monitors and advises on corporate governance matters, and ensures compliance with the constitution, companies act, and the catalist rules.
the company secretary or their representatives attends all meetings of the board and board committees, facilitating their effective functioning in accordance with their terms of reference and best practices.
board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
the nomination committee nc is responsible for reviewing the independence of each director based on the guidelines set out in both the code and the catalist rules, to ensure that the board consists of persons who, together, will provide core competencies necessary to meet the company's objectives.
the nc conducts this review annually and requires each independent director to submit a confirmation of independence based on the guidelines provided in the code.
the board believes there is a strong and independent element capable of exercising objective judgment on corporate affairs, independently and constructively challenging key decisions.
all three board committees are chaired by independent directors, and no individual or small group of individuals dominates the board's decision-making process.
the board diversity policy and progress made towards implementing it, including objectives, are disclosed in the company's annual report.
members of the board provide core competencies and objective perspectives on the group's business and direction.
information on individual directors' academic, professional qualifications, background, and other appointments are in the "board of directors" section pages 6-7 of this annual report . the nomination committee nc annually reviews the existing attributes and competencies of the board to determine the desired expertise or experience required to strengthen or supplement the board.
this assists the nc in identifying and information cut off in image . board composition and governance having considered the current scope and nature of the group's operations, the board and nc have reviewed and are satisfied that the current size and composition of the board are appropriate for the group to facilitate independent and effective decision-making.
the board recognizes the benefits of having a diverse board to help bring in new ways of thinking, insights, and different perspectives to the board, which will result in productivity and quality of board deliberations.
while the board and nc have not implemented a fixed diversity policy, the composition of the board is reviewed annually by the nc to ensure that the board has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience to enable the management to benefit from a diverse perspective in reviewing the issues that are brought before the board and enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
this assists the nc in identifying and nominating suitable candidates for appointment to the board.
the chairman of such meetings provides feedback to the board and/or chairman as appropriate.
where necessary, the lead independent director will chair meetings without involvement of the management to discuss and review the performance of the management in meeting agreed goals and objectives of the group and monitor the reporting of performance which subsequently provide feedback to the board to aid and facilitate well-balanced viewpoints on the board.
chairman and chief executive officer principle 3: there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
provision 3.1: the chairman and the chief executive officer “ceo” are separate persons to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability, and greater capacity of the board for independent decision-making.
the board recognizes that best practices of corporate governance advocate that the chairman of the board and the ceo should in principle be separate persons to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the board for independent decision-making.
all major proposals and decisions made by the interim ceo are discussed and reviewed by the board with the assistance of the board committees.
as each of the arc, nc and rc consists of a majority of independent directors, and all the three board committees are chaired by independent directors, the board believes that there are strong and independent elements and adequate safeguards in place to ensure the decision-making process of the group would not be hindered.
in addition, with the active participation of the directors at the board and board committees meetings, the board is satisfied that the current arrangement provides sufficient checks and balances to ensure that no one individual member of the board holds a considerable concentration of power and no individual or small group of individuals dominates the board's decision-making, and that there is an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the board for independent decision-making.
the lead independent director is available to shareholders where they have concerns and for which contact through the normal channels of communication with the chairman or management are inappropriate or inadequate.
the lead independent director avails himself to address shareholders’ concerns or issues for which communication through the normal channels with the chairman of the board and the management has not resolved or for which such communication is inappropriate, and acts as a counterbalance in the decision-making process.
where necessary, the lead independent director will chair meetings without involvement of the management and provide feedback to the board, to aid and facilitate well-balanced viewpoints on the board.
board membership principle 4: appointment and reappointment of directors the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and reappointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
provision 4.1: nominating committee responsibilities the board establishes a nominating committee “nc” to make recommendations to the board on relevant matters relating to: the review of succession plans for directors, in particular the appointment and/or replacement of the chairman, the ceo and key management personnel; the process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the board, its board committees and directors; the review of training and professional development programmes for the board and its directors; and the appointment and re-appointment of directors including alternate directors, if any . provision 4.2: nomination committee nc composition the nc is established and governed by its terms of reference, approved by the board.
two are independent directors, and one is a non-executive director.
the nc's search, nomination, and selection process for new directors identifies key attributes an incoming director should possess, based on desired qualifications, skill sets, competencies, and experience to supplement the board's existing attributes and composition and support the group's business activities or strategies.
interviews with potential candidates are conducted by nc members to assess suitability before submitting recommendations to the board for approval.
the nc is also responsible for re-nominating retiring directors and determining annually whether a director is independent.
the board, considering the nc's views, determines final independence.
provision 4.5: director duties and training the nc ensures new directors understand their duties and obligations.
it also assesses whether a director adequately fulfills their role.
the nc is aware of this training program.
board performance principle 5: the board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.
the performance criteria for the board and board committees’ evaluation, as determined by the nc, cover the following areas: 1. board composition and structure; 2. conduct of meetings; 3. corporate strategy and planning; 4. risk management and internal control; 5. measuring and monitoring performance; 6. training and recruitment; 7. compensation; 8. financial reporting; 9. board committees; and 10. communicating with shareholders.
all directors have completed the board and board committees’ evaluation forms mentioned above.
the summary of the board and board committee’s evaluation was circulated to the members of the nc for their review.
areas for improvement were suggested by the nc before submitting to the board for discussion.
the nc also conducted assessment of the individual directors.
all directors have completed the individual assessment forms with regard to the other directors on the board.
the summary of the directors’ individual assessment was circulated to the members of nc for their review.
the assessment parameters for each director include their attendance at board and related activities, adequacy of preparation for board meetings, participation in board discussion, ability to make informed business decisions, assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the company and how decisions will impact them, ensure strategies, budgets and business plans are compatible with vision and strategy, reading and interpreting financial reports, inquiry of information to make informed judgments/assessments, ability to articulate thoughts, opinions, rationale, and points in a clear, concise and logical manner, compliance with company policies and procedures, maintenance of independence, disclosure of related party transactions, performance in respect of specific tasks delegated to him.
accountability and audit risk management and internal controls principle 9: the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
the board sets up a board risk committee to specifically address this, if appropriate.
principle 10: the board has an audit committee "ac" which discharges its duties objectively.
d making recommendations to the board on: proposals to shareholders on the appointment and removal of external auditors.
remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
the arc recommends to the board the proposals to be made to the shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
the arc also reviews the independence and objectivity of the external auditors as well as the group’s compliance with the catalist rules, the code, as well as interested person transactions and whistleblowing reports, if any.
these concerns are safely raised, investigated, and followed up on.
a whistle-blowing policy provides a channel for employees and external parties to raise concerns about improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to the arc chairman confidentially and in good faith.
follow-up procedures are established, and whistle-blowers are assured that good-faith actions will not negatively impact their work or appraisals.
the audit committee ac comprises at least three non-executive directors, with a majority including the chair being independent.
at least two members, including the chair, possess recent and relevant accounting or related financial management expertise.
two are independent directors, and one is a non-executive director.
the board confirms the members' qualifications to fulfill their responsibilities and functions, as defined in the terms of reference.
the arc chairman and members possess relevant accounting or financial management expertise, as interpreted by the board.
consequently, he will also leave the audit and risk committee.
the internal audit function has unfettered access to all the company's documents, records, properties, and personnel, including the ac, and has appropriate standing within the company.
for fy2020, the board and arc agreed that, as the group has ceased to have any operations since fy2019, it would not be meaningful to conduct an internal audit engagement.
the arc and board, together with the interim ceo, will be taking direct oversight of these areas, and the company will consider the resumption of performing an internal audit engagement following the resumption of operating activities.
the external auditors' report to the arc on any control observations noted during the course of the audit and the auditors' recommendations.
provision 10.5: meetings with auditors the ac meets with the external auditors, and with the internal auditors, in each case without the presence of management, at least annually.
during fy2020, the arc met from time to time with foo kon tan llp being the company's external auditors at virtual meetings, in each case without the presence of management to review any related matters that might have arisen, at least once a year.
the chairpersons of the arc, nc, and rc, as well as the external auditors, will be present to assist the directors in addressing any relevant queries raised by shareholders.
attendance at general meetings all directors attend general meetings of shareholders, and the external auditors are also present to address shareholders’ queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditors’ report.
directors’ attendance at such meetings held during the financial year is disclosed in the company’s annual report.
however, due to safe-distancing measures and regulations imposed by the singapore government amidst the covid-19 situation, shareholders were only allowed to view the live webcast for the forthcoming agm.
shareholders also had to appoint the chairman of the agm as their proxy and submit questions in advance.
engagement with shareholders principle 12: the company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.
the board encourages shareholders' participation at the company's general meetings to gather their views and address concerns.
provision 12.2: investor relations policy the company has in place an investor relations policy which allows for an ongoing exchange of views so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders.
in line with the continuous disclosure obligations of the company pursuant to the catalist rules and the act, it is the board's policy to ensure that all shareholders are informed on a timely basis of every significant development that has an impact on the group through the sgxnet.
the company recognises the importance of close collaboration with its key stakeholders such as employees, investors and media, suppliers and service providers, customers, and etc., in order to achieve sustainable there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
table a board comprises: name of current directors foo fatt kah non-executive director tse man kit gilbert non-executive director foong daw ching lead independent director lam shiao ning independent director the primary functions of the board include: a provide entrepreneurial leadership, set strategic objectives and ensure that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the company to meet its objectives; b establish a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risks to be assessed and managed, including safeguarding of shareholders' interests and the group's assets; c review management performance; d identify the key stakeholder groups and recognise that their perceptions affect the company's reputation; e set the company's values and standards including ethical standards , and ensure that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and met; and f consider sustainability issues, e.grams. environmental and social factors, as part of its strategic formulation.
the delegation of authority by the board to the board committees enables the board to achieve operational efficiency by empowering these board committees to decide on matters within their respective written terms of reference.
each board committee has its own terms of reference setting out the scope of its duties and responsibilities, the rules and regulations and procedures governing the manner in which it is to operate and how decisions are to be taken.
audit and risk committee comprises: name of current members foong daw ching chairman, independent dr foo fatt kah member lam shiao ning member, independent the arc performs the following main functions: a review the audit quality indicators “aqi” and audit plans of the external auditors, including the results of the external and internal auditors' examination and their evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls, their letter to the management and the management's response; b monitor and review the implementation of the auditor's recommendations for the internal control weaknesses identified in the auditors' letter to the management; c review the quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial statements and balance sheet and profit and loss accounts before submission to the board for approval, focusing in particular on changes in accounting policies and practices, major risk areas, significant adjustments resulting from the audit, compliance with accounting standards and compliance with the listing manual, the catalist rules and any other relevant statutory or regulatory requirements.
grams consider the appointment, remuneration, terms of engagement or re-appointment of the external and internal auditors and matters relating to the resignation or dismissal of the auditors.
i review potential conflicts of interest if any . j evaluate the independence of the external auditors.
p in relation to risk assessment: i keep under review the group’s overall risk assessment processes that inform the board’s decision making.
vi oversee the scope and nature of work undertaken by the risk committee formed by nominating committee the nominating committee comprises: lam shiao ning chairman, independent foong daw ching member, independent tse man kit gilbert member the responsibilities of the nominating committee, based on the written terms of reference, are as follows: a reviewing and recommending the nomination or re-nomination of the directors, having regard to each director's contribution and performance.
grams reviewing the training and professional development programmes for the board.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
of meetings attended: 4, no.
the board and board committees' meetings held on february 2020 and extraordinary general meeting of the company held on 3 march 2020 were conducted through physical means.
the auditor will have unrestricted access to the audit and risk management committee.
the audit and risk management committee has reasonable resources available to enable it to discharge its functions properly and may require the company to appoint third parties to undertake independent audits of specific areas as it deems appropriate.
we are independent of the company in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority "acra" code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities "acra code" together with ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is toh kim teck.
