examples of current service offerings by british and malayan trustees limited: family services family holding structures; private trust companies; succession planning; asset and entity administration sale of assets as part of estate wind down estates we have over the decades successfully administered and settled all manner of significant estates; both for a prompt and efficient resolution as well as for generational preservation and distribution.
charities we support a variety of charitable structures and activities, domestically and internationally.
this is to prevent technical disruptions or overload.
2. where there are substantially similar questions for the virtual meeting and physical meeting, the company will consolidate such questions.
increased human resources will allow the exploration of strategic partnerships and new business opportunities.
corporate governance statement the board of directors the “board” of british and malayan holdings limited “bmh”, the “company” is committed to upholding good corporate governance practices and has adopted the principles of the code of corporate governance 2018 the “code” to enhance transparency and accountability as well as to protect the interests of the company's shareholders.
board matters the board’s conduct of affairs principle 1: the company is headed by an effective board which is collectively responsible and works with management for the long-term success of the company.
the primary role of the board is to protect and enhance long-term shareholders' value and to ensure that the company is run in accordance with best international management and corporate governance practices, appropriate to the needs and development of the company.
all directors are fiduciaries who objectively discharge their duties and responsibilities at all times in the interest of the company.
overseeing the management and affairs of the company and approving important business decisions involving the company’s corporate strategy and direction.
reviewing the strategic plans and performance objectives, financial plans and annual budget, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposals, financial performance reviews and corporate governance practices.
instilling an ethical corporate culture for the group and ensuring that the corporate values, standards, policies and practices are consistent with the culture.
ensuring transparency and accountability to key stakeholder groups.
corporate governance statement j delegating responsibility for the day-to-day operations and leadership of the company to the management team, the board has implemented a system of processes and procedures to ensure that significant issues, risks and major strategic decisions are monitored and considered at the board level.
where a director has a conflict of interest in relation to any matter, he will recuse himself from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict.
delegation by the board in addition, to assist in carrying out its responsibilities, the board has delegated certain functions to various board committees, namely the audit and risk committee “arc” , nominating committee “nc” , and remuneration committee “rc” . each committee has its own written terms of reference, which clearly sets out its objectives, duties, powers and responsibilities.
the board accepts that while these board committees have the authority to examine particular issues they will report back to the board with their decisions and/or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the board.
all the board members are actively engaged and play an important role in ensuring good corporate governance within the company.
visits to the company's business premises are also arranged to acquaint the non-executive directors with the company's operations and ensure that the directors are familiar with the company's business, policies and governance practices.
the schedules of all the board and board committee meetings for the financial year are given to all directors well in advance.
the board meets at least four 4 times a year and ad hoc meetings are also convened to deliberate on urgent substantive matters.
the number of board and board committee meetings held and the attendance of each director for fy 2021 are as follows: table: board and board committee meetings attendance fy 2021 director name: mr colin lee yung-shih, board meetings held: 4, audit & risk committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: 1, nominating committee meetings attended: 1 director name: mr lee boon huat, board meetings held: 4, audit & risk committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: 1, nominating committee meetings attended: 1 director name: mr ng kwan meng, board meetings held: 4, audit & risk committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: 1, nominating committee meetings attended: 1 director name: mr soh chung hian, board meetings held: 4, audit & risk committee meetings attended: 4, remuneration committee meetings attended: 1, nominating committee meetings attended: 1 table end.
induction of directors the directors have access to the company secretaries and management.
prior to their respective appointments to the board, each of the directors was given an orientation and induction programme, so as to familiarize themselves with the company's business activities, strategic directions and policies.
training of directors the company secretaries and auditors provide regular updates on the latest governance, listing rules and financial reporting standards during board meetings, as and when required.
during the year, the board was briefed and/or updated on the following: current issues in corporate governance overview of the changes in accounting standards, laws and regulations changes to the regulatory environment and requirements in both singapore and other jurisdictions cyber security prevention of money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism corporate governance statement the directors may also attend training, conferences and seminars at the company's expense, to keep themselves updated on the latest developments concerning the company and to keep abreast of regulatory changes.
access to information the board has separate and independent access to the senior management and the company secretary at all times.
the management consults board members as necessary and appropriate.
the company secretaries administer, attend and document all board meetings, and assist the chairman in implementing appropriate board procedures to facilitate effective compliance with the company's constitution.
the board in fulfilling its responsibilities can, as a collective body or individually as board members, when deemed appropriate, directs the company, at the company's expense, to appoint independent professionals to render advice.
board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
the board will periodically examine its composition to ensure a strong and independent element on the board.
corporate governance statement each year, the board's composition is reviewed by the nc to ensure that the board has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience.
the nc is of the view that the current board comprises persons whose diverse skills, experience and attributes provide for an effective board.
the board, in concurrence with the nc, is of the view that the current board and board committees comprise an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience, and knowledge of the company which provides broad diversity of expertise such as accounting or finance, business or management experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning experience, and customer-based experience or knowledge.
the non-executive directors provide constructive views and assist the board to facilitate and develop proposals on strategy and monitor the performance of the management in meeting agreed objectives.
to facilitate a more effective review, the non-executive directors meet as and when necessary and at least once a year with auditors without the presence of the management.
the board and management fully appreciate that an effective and robust board whose members engage in open and constructive debate and challenge management on its assumptions and proposals is fundamental to good corporate governance.
the company has adopted initiatives to put in place processes to ensure that the non-executive directors are well supported by accurate, complete, and timely information, have unrestricted access to management, and have sufficient time and resources to discharge their oversight function effectively.
each director is required to declare his independence based on the guidelines set forth in guideline 2.1 of the code by submitting a “confirmation of director’s independence form”, which requires each director to assess whether he considers himself independent and not having any relationships identified in the code.
the nc will review and deliberate the independence of each independent director before giving its recommendation to the board for deliberation.
the board is of the view that the three 3 independent directors, namely, mr lee boon huat, mr ng kwan meng, and mr soh chung hian continue to demonstrate strong independence in character and judgment in the discharge of their responsibilities as directors of the company.
corporate governance statement the independent directors have full access to and co-operation of the company’s management and officers.
chairman and chief executive officer principle 3: there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
there is a clear division of responsibilities between the chairman and group ceo of the company, which ensures a balance of power and authority at the top of the company.
with the separation of roles, the chairman will bear responsibility for providing guidance on the corporate direction of the company and leadership to the board.
the chairman ensures that board meetings are held when necessary and sets the agenda in consultation with other directors.
the chairman reviews all board papers, prior to their distribution to the board, and ensures that board members are provided with complete, accurate and timely information on a regular basis to enable them to be fully cognizant of the affairs of the company.
also, the chairman works to facilitate the effective contribution of directors and assists to ensure procedures are in accordance with the company’s guidelines on corporate governance.
the board’s size, composition and diversity of skills and experiences are considered appropriate for the company to ensure that the board will make independent decisions.
matters requiring the board’s approval are discussed and deliberated with participation from each member of the board and collective decisions ensure that no individual influences or dominates the decision-making process.
the board will constantly review the contribution of its directors to ensure a strong and independent element of the board.
corporate governance statement board membership principle 4: the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
the nc makes a recommendation to the board on the re-election of directors based on their contributions and performance, a review of the range of expertise, skills and attributes of current board members, and the needs of the board.
corporate governance statement as at the date of this report, the board comprises four 4 directors.
the nc will continue to review from time to time, the board representations and other principal commitments to ensure that directors continue to meet the demands of the company and are able to discharge their duties adequately.
board performance principle 5: the board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that each of its board committees and individual directors.
corporate governance statement a formal review of the board's performance was undertaken collectively by the board annually.
each director undertakes a self-assessment to evaluate their contribution to the board.
this self-assessment process takes into account, amongst other things, the board commitment, standard of conduct, competency, training and development and interaction with the other directors, management & stakeholders.
the nc is satisfied that each member of the board has been effective in carrying out their duties and contributed to the board during the year.
corporate governance statement the group ceo and the executive director of bmt are remunerated as members of management.
in addition, short-term and long-term incentives such as bmh esos and bmh psp are in place to strengthen the pay-for-performance framework by rewarding and recognizing the key executives' contributions to the growth of the bmh group.
there are no termination, retirement and/or post-employment benefits granted to directors or key management personnel during fy 2021. accountability and audit risk management and internal controls principle 9: the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
the board recognizes the importance of maintaining a system of internal controls, procedures and processes for safeguarding the shareholders’ investments and company’s assets.
corporate governance statement bdo llp is an international accounting firm providing outsourced internal audit services through its risk advisory services division.
bdo risk advisory services comprises dedicated internal audit professionals, mostly accountancy graduates or those with relevant professional qualifications such as chartered accountant or certified internal auditor certifications.
they conduct outsourced internal audits based on the bdo global internal audit methodology, consistent with the international professional practice framework established by the institute of internal auditors.
the engagement partner has over 20 years of auditing experience and is a chartered accountant singapore , certified internal auditor, and a certified information system auditor.
he also holds a certification in risk management assurance and is a practising management consultant.
management regularly reviews and updates the board quarterly on the company’s business and operational activities regarding key risk control areas, including financial, operational, compliance, and information technology controls.
this system includes safeguarding assets, maintaining proper accounting records, ensuring reliable financial information, complying with appropriate legislation and regulations, and identifying and containing financial, operational, compliance, and information technology risks.
corporate governance statement audit committee principle 10 – the board has an audit committee which discharges its duties objectively.
the arc is governed by its terms of reference which highlights its primary responsibilities as follows: a to assist the board in discharging their responsibility to safeguard the company's assets, maintain adequate accounting records, and develop and maintain effective systems of internal controls with the overall objective of ensuring that the company's management creates and maintains an effective control environment; b to provide a channel of communication between the board, the management team and the external auditors on matters relating to the audit; c to monitor management's commitment to the establishment and maintenance of a satisfactory control environment and an effective system of internal controls including any arrangements for internal audit ; and d to monitor and review the scope and results of external audit, its cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.
i review potential conflicts of interest, if any, and to set out a framework to resolve or mitigate such potential conflicts of interests.
p the arc approves the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the internal audit service provider.
the arc is authorized to obtain independent professional advice whenever deemed necessary for the discharge of its responsibilities.
in addition, the arc has independent access to the external auditors.
both the external auditors and internal auditors report directly to the arc in respect of their findings and recommendations.
the arc also has full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend the meetings, and has been given reasonable resources to enable the discharge of its functions.
the arc recognizes the need to maintain a balance between the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and the work carried out by the external auditors based on value for money consideration.
the arc, having assessed the independence of auditors and size of resources and expertise, has recommended to the board, the nomination of rsm chio lim llp for re-appointment as independent auditors of the company.
the internal auditor has unfettered access to all the company’s documents, records, properties and personnel including access to the arc.
the arc approves the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of bdo llp to which the internal audit functions is outsourced.
the arc also reviews and approved the annual internal audit plan and ensures that the internal auditor has adequate resources to perform its functions.
the arc is satisfied with the suitability of the internal auditors and is of the view that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has effectively performed its functions, and has appropriate standing within the company.
corporate governance statement the internal auditors conduct audits based on the standards set by internationally recognized profession bodies including the standards for the professional practice of internal auditing set by the institute of internal auditors.
the company has established a whistle-blowing policy where staff of the company may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting, fraudulent acts and other matters, and ensure that arrangements are in place for independent investigations of such matters and for appropriate follow up actions.
shareholders are able to proactively engage the board and the management on the company's business activities, financial performance and other business related matters through dialogue sessions.
the company believes in regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders and is committed to hearing shareholders' view and addressing their concerns.
the directors, management and the external auditors will be present at the agm to address shareholders' queries.
notices of general meetings are published in the newspapers and reports or circular are dispatched to all shareholders by post.
engagement with the shareholders principle 12: the company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.
the company is committed to regular and open communication with its shareholders.
the company recognizes the importance of understanding the group's business and regular interactions with key stakeholders to determine material issues for the group's businesses.
corporate governance statement the company's engagement with all stakeholders is detailed in the sustainability report page 38 published annually in the annual report.
no further content is available for extraction.
the group is committed to providing excellent fiduciary service that is compliant with all applicable local regulations and guided by integrity and strong governance.
with strong cybersecurity and data privacy protection policies and practices, the group is ready to operate in a digital economy.
employee safety has remained a key focus area in fy2021.
the covid-19 global pandemic has continued to pose challenges and changed the way we work and interact with clients.
we continue to prioritize the safety of our employees in these unprecedented times by enforcing safe distancing requirements and providing work from home arrangements.
we are aware that our operations may indirectly affect local communities and we endeavor to have a positive environmental and social impact wherever possible.
the group has a strong local core: 11 employees at bmt and 2 at bmh are permanent full-time staff based in singapore.
we also act as custodian trustee for real estate assets for several singapore-based clubs and charities.
our approach to environmental, social and governance “esg” issues is stakeholder-focused and we seek to manage wider risks and opportunities in order to create value for the long term.
we train and develop our employees to enhance the quality of service that they provide as part of our commitment to excellent trust service.
table: un sdg contributions and related report sections un sdg: 4, the group's contribution: provide training, career appraisal and development opportunities for all our employees, read more in the following sections: focus 3: human resource development and diversity un sdg: 5, the group's contribution: provide equal opportunities in employment, training and career development regardless of gender un sdg: 8, the group's contribution: provide work opportunities and a conducive working environment to the community, read more in the following sections: focus 4: employee health and safety; focus 6: corporate social responsibility un sdg: 12, the group's contribution: reduce the usage of paper and energy consumption whenever possible, read more in the following sections: focus 5: energy and paper usage un sdg: 13, the group's contribution: continuous monitoring of paper and energy usage.
identify potential areas to enhance resource efficiency and usage.
sustainability governance and statement of the board governance structure the group prioritizes sustainability at the board of directors “board” or “directors” level.
the board has incorporated sustainability issues into the strategic formulation of the group and oversees the management and monitoring of these material factors.
board of directors group ceo executive director department head executive staff risk management the group adopts a precautionary approach in strategic decision making and day-to-day operations by implementing a comprehensive risk management framework.
please refer to the corporate governance statement section in the annual report for more information on corporate governance practices and risk management structure.
sustainability report ethics and integrity gri 205-1, 205-2, 205-3 integrity, responsibility and accountability are the core principles of the group.
a zero-tolerance approach to corruption and effective controls, processes and procedures provide the framework for all employees to adhere to in their dealings with customers, business partners and other colleagues.
our stand against corruption and bribery is also clearly communicated to all our business partners before they commence dealings with the group.
we expect our suppliers to comply with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations.
we are committed to a high standard of compliance with accounting, financial reporting, internal controls, corporate governance and auditing requirements and any legislation relating thereto.
our operations have been assessed for risks related to corruption, covering money laundering and terrorism financing, theft, fraud, conflicts of interest including insider trading and bribery.
these areas are reviewed by our compliance unit, and both internal and external auditors.
the following table summarises our key stakeholders, engagement platforms and their key concerns.
sustainability report 2021 stakeholders' key concerns, engagement platforms, and our responses stakeholders: employees , key concerns: occupational health and safety including covid-19 training and development employee benefits diversity and equal opportunity energy and waste, engagement platforms: annual employee appraisal system training sessions, our responses and relevant sections: establish robust policies on performance appraisals, diversity, and anti-harassment build a safe and inclusive workplace relevant sections: focus 3: human resource development and diversity; focus 4: employee health and safety; focus 5: energy and paper usage stakeholders: tenants or residents of properties under bmt's trusteeship , key concerns: socioeconomic compliance, engagement platforms: contractual agreements regular feedback and discussions, our responses and relevant sections: comply strictly with socioeconomic and environmental regulations evaluate the direct and indirect impacts of our services on estates, charities and real estate clients among others relevant sections: focus 1: our fiduciary services; focus 6: corporate social responsibility stakeholders: regulators and market operators mas, sgx , key concerns: socioeconomic compliance, engagement platforms: sustainability reports ongoing dialogues regulatory submissions & applications if applicable , our responses and relevant sections: comply strictly with socioeconomic and environmental regulations relevant sections: focus 1: our fiduciary services; focus 2: cyber-security and pdpa stakeholders: suppliers and service providers including financial institutions , key concerns: socioeconomic compliance corporate governance, engagement platforms: community engagement annual reports, our responses and relevant sections: comply strictly with socioeconomic and environmental regulations regularly assessment of corporate governance practices relevant sections: focus 6: corporate social responsibility stakeholders: shareholders and investors , key concerns: economic performance corporate governance, engagement platforms: annual reports investor relations, our responses and relevant sections: provide informative and insightful annual reports, sustainability reports and regulatory filings relevant sections: annual report; focus 3: human resource development and diversity table end.
we focus on reporting on risks and opportunities arising from our most important environmental, social, and governance issues, which may ultimately affect our financial performance.
with the support of an external consultant, we updated the list of material issues to expand the scope and detail of this report.
the group recognises that the importance of esg issues for investors and clients is growing and we have been approaching these topics proactively.
we have a general compliance policy that is communicated to all our employees.
the policy aims to raise the ethics and compliance competencies of the group's staff and to support the building of a robust framework of policies and procedures to manage the group's compliance risks.
there were no incidents of non-compliance with any relevant laws and regulations including socioeconomic and environmental in the reporting period.
our compliance unit reports directly to the audit committee, with full and direct access to members of the audit committee at all times.
sustainability report fy2021 targets target: regularly communicate anti-corruption policies and procedures to all employees, status: met, performance update: no incidents of fraud or other violations of relevant regulations.
we conduct periodic penetration tests using external specialists and also have insurance that covers specific cyber risks.
we prioritise the safety and security of our customers' private information.
fy2022 target maintain zero incidents of cyber security breach focus 3: human resource development and diversity gri 404-1, 404-3, 413-1, 413-2 qualified and capable employees form the value proposition we offer to our clients.
as such, we make every effort to ensure that the skillsets they possess are sufficient to meet the needs of what our clients expect from a reliable trust service.
the group’s workforce consists of 13 professional staff, all of whom are singaporeans or permanent residents.
we value diversity and equal opportunity employment.
we invest actively into our employees’ career development and maintain a healthy office environment.
our policies to create a conducive working environment include: an open door policy for our employees, who have always been strongly encouraged to discuss questions, problems, ideas or job-related complaints with their superiors.
our anti-harassment policy protects employees from any form of harassment.
the group recognises that our continual focus on training and development has given us a competitive edge by providing our employees with the skills to fulfil client requirements and to navigate the regulations and guidelines of the industry.
training programs aligned with each employee’s personal development and business objectives are planned at the beginning of the year.
we will continue working towards maintaining our target of 15 hours of training per employee of training per employee.
we recognize that the performance of our employees, their skills, knowledge and experience which they bring to their work are fundamental ingredients to the realisation of our business objectives and outcomes.
hence, our approach is to adopt a continuous dialogue with line managers and employees in respect of work priorities and progress made.
table: average training hours per employee employee category: senior management, fy2020: 13, fy2021: 12, gender: female, fy2020: 10, fy2021: 12 employee category: executives, fy2020: 13, fy2021: 12, gender: male, fy2020: 13, fy2021: 13 table end.
sustainability report the main emphasis is to maximize the performance of employees by providing the necessary support and giving them opportunities to develop their knowledge and competencies associated with the work they are doing now – and in preparation for the future.
overall employee development must bring about increased motivation, job satisfaction, sharing of good practices and a greater understanding of the factors affecting work.
to enhance the contribution made by our employees in achieving business aims and to build a supportive and cooperative working environment, the group has a performance review process for all our employees.
this is designed to facilitate communication, direction, and clarification and to reach a shared understanding of our joint priorities.
it also provides dedicated time to reflect on past work as well as plan for the future.
during fy2021, there were 3 new hires during the year and 1 departure due to retirement.
diversity has played a significant role in improving our competitiveness as an organization by increasing the range of perspectives shared during discussions and decision-making.
we do not discriminate by gender, race, religion or age in our employment practices.
the current retirement age in singapore is 62. in accordance with the re-employment terms and contracts provided for in the retirement and re-employment act, the group re-employs members of our workforce who are singapore citizens or permanent residents and who are eligible for re-employment for another five years up to age 67, under the following conditions: they have been assessed to have at least a satisfactory work performance; and are medically fit to continue working.
table: fy2021 and fy2022 training targets fy: 2021, target: maintain the target of conducting at least 15 hours of training per employee of training per year for each employee regardless of gender, status: partially met, performance update: 12 hours of training per employee of training per employee during the reporting period due to limitations on gatherings and events as a result of covid-19.
fy: 2022, target: maintain the target of conducting at least 15 hours of training per employee of training per year for each employee regardless of gender table end.
sustainability report focus 4: employee health and safety gri 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7 to help all our staff maintain good health, all the group's employees are entitled to free health screenings which are included in the insurance package that forms part of our employee benefits.
in addition, all employees are entitled to paid parental leave in accordance with government requirements.
covid-19 safety measures the safety of all our stakeholders including employees, customers, suppliers and the community are of great importance during these unprecedented times.
we have formalised covid-19 safety measures into regular practices which include safe distancing in our premises and the use of contact tracing technology.
all our employees have been given training on the safety measures.
in accordance with requirements from the singapore government, the group has continued to provide employees with the option of working from home through laptops and a virtual private network “vpn” connection to company servers through its business continuity plan “bcp” implementation.
no table provided in the image sustainability report employees the safety and welfare of our staff are paramount to us and during this period we have taken the following steps: all staff are covered by the group's medical insurance plan which covers treatment for covid-19.
we have enabled technology to allow staff to work from home.
masks and hand sanitizer have been made available to all staff to freely take and use.
policies and procedures have been clearly laid out and distributed to staff on the various steps to be taken during this period.
customers collaboration between customers and the group is a partnership and a “two-way street”.
we continue to work closely with our clients to understand the issues they face in these uncertain times and assess the assistance we can provide to strengthen our business relationships.
we continue to work and keep in close contact with our major suppliers and look to address any issues as they occur.
community a number of the estates and trusts we manage provide distributions to beneficiaries of the estates or to various charities.
focus 5: energy and paper usage we make a constant effort to remind our employees to switch off the lights and gadgets such as their computers when they are not in use to minimize our energy consumption and reduce the environmental impact of our day-to-day operations.
our supplier sources our paper from a sustainable and high-quality source in thailand that has established a sustainable supply of trees through growing hybrid hardwood on unused land in between rice paddies.
it has also created shared value to the farmers and their local community, helping to improve the living conditions of more than 1.5 million farmers across thailand through incremental income earned from planting trees.
focus 6: corporate social responsibility the group's activities can create positive impact on society through charitable contributions from trust funds managed by bmt.
some estates have made provisions to distribute funds to help less fortunate people with their daily needs.
as another example of its charitable work, bmt is the trustee of a trust that provides bursaries for students in the field of marine engineering on behalf of one of our customers.
every year, a number of bursaries are paid out of the investment returns of this fund, with a local singapore polytechnic school deciding who the bursaries are awarded to.
fy: 2021, target: maintain the target to measure community impact, status: met, performance update: made charitable donations through the trusts we administrate.
fy: 2022, target: to achieve at least 2 community engagement activities table end.
sgx 5 primary components index table: sgx 5 primary components index s/n: 1, primary component: material topics, section reference: stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment s/n: 2, primary component: policies, practices and performance, section reference: message from senior management; our sustainability story; focus 1: our fiduciary services, focus 2: cyber-security and pdpa, focus 3: human resource development and diversity, focus 4: employee health and safety, focus 5: energy and paper usage, focus 6: corporate social responsibility s/n: 3, primary component: board statement, section reference: sustainability governance and statement of the board s/n: 4, primary component: targets, section reference: our sustainability story s/n: 5, primary component: framework, section reference: reporting practice table end.
sustainability report: gri standards disclosure content table: gri standards, disclosure content, and section reference gri standards: 403-5, disclosure content: worker training on occupational health and safety, section reference and omissions: focus 4: employee health and safety gri standards: 403-6, disclosure content: promotion of worker health, section reference and omissions: focus 4: employee health and safety gri standards: 403-7, disclosure content: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships, section reference and omissions: focus 4: employee health and safety gri standards: 404-1, disclosure content: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, section reference and omissions: focus 3: human resource development and diversity gri standards: 404-2, disclosure content: programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes, section reference and omissions: focus 3: human resource development and diversity gri standards: 404-3, disclosure content: percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, section reference and omissions: focus 3: human resource development and diversity gri standards: 405-1, disclosure content: diversity of governance bodies and employees, section reference and omissions: focus 3: human resource development and diversity gri standards: 405-2, disclosure content: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, section reference and omissions: focus 3: human resource development and diversity gri standards: 413-1, disclosure content: operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programmes, section reference and omissions: focus 5: corporate social responsibility gri standards: 418-1, disclosure content: substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data, section reference and omissions: focus 2: cyber-security and pdpa gri standards: 419-1, disclosure content: non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area, section reference and omissions: focus 1: our fiduciary services, focus 2: cyber-security and pdpa table end.
mr. ng holds a bachelor of social science honours degree from the national university of singapore.
involved in numerous green field & start-up projects regionally.
6. independent auditor rsm chio lim llp has expressed willingness to accept re-appointment.
it also includes an explanation of how independent auditor's objectivity and independence is safeguarded, where the independent auditor provide non-audit services.
the audit and risk committee has recommended to the board of directors that the independent auditor, rsm chio lim llp, be nominated for re-appointment as the independent auditor at the next annual general meeting of the company.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra” code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code” together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is chow khen seng.
further information about the remuneration of individual directors is provided in the report on corporate governance.
2. a member will not be able to vote online or through the live webcast and live audio-feed on the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the agm.
