following the success of many governments in containing the social impact of the pandemic, and the relaxation of anti-covid measures in many countries, there has been a full revival of economic activities worldwide and global trade has regained momentum.
in addition, the group provides other employee benefits including medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.
environment risk the group is constantly exposed to inherent risks such as oil spills, pollution, collisions, mechanical breakdown of its vessels, adverse weather conditions, fire or other calamity.
the cooperation is based on a well-entrenched relationship and fair terms of trade between the group and its suppliers.
during fy2022, there were no significant disputes between the group and its employees, customers and suppliers.
environmental policies and performance the group is committed to the long-term sustainability of the environment and communities in which it operates.
mr. sue is a fellow of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, a fellow certified practising accountant of the cpa australia, a fellow of the hong kong securities and investment institute, and a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both the hong kong chartered governance institute and the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom.
ms. wang is a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both the hong kong chartered governance institute and the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom.
pau" aged 73, joined the group as independent non-executive director in april 2018 and is the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the audit committee and the nomination committee.
tsao" aged 58, joined the group as independent non-executive director in november 2019 and is the chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee and the nomination committee.
mr. tsao is a certified public accountant practising of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, an associate of the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom and an associate of the australasian institute of banking and finance.
mr. tsao has over 20 years' extensive experience in auditing, corporate finance and company secretarial practice.
in addition, discussions on the group’s environmental policies and performance are contained in the “environmental, social and governance report” on pages 33 to 52 of this annual report.
other employee benefits included provident fund scheme, medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.
on behalf of the board sue ka lok chairman hong kong, 24 march 2023 . 20 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the company has recognised the importance of transparency and accountability, and believes that shareholders can benefit from good corporate governance.
the company aims to achieve good standards of corporate governance.
cultures and values the board believes a healthy corporate culture is vital in attaining the group's vision, values and strategy.
the structure of corporate governance adopted by the company emphasizes a quality board, sound internal controls and accountability to shareholders and these are based upon an ethical corporate culture.
it is the board's mission to establish and foster a healthy corporate culture with the following principles and to ensure that the company's vision, values and business strategies are aligned to it.
i ethics and integrity the group strives to maintain a high standard of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities.
directors, management and staff are all required to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly.
such required standards are set out in the group's code of conduct, anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy further discussions on the two policies are in the sections below . trainings are conducted from time to time to reinforce the values across the group and to uphold the standards with respect to ethics and integrity.
ii commitment to excellence the group believes commitment to excellence is the first step to continuous improvement and the driving force behind a business organisation.
the group implements a performance appraisal system and aims to reward and recognise performing staff by providing them competitive remuneration packages, as well as the opportunities of career development and progression within the group.
such values are articulated in policies, procedures and processes in day-to-day operations.
in addition, staff are also encouraged to enroll in external training courses and seminars in order to update their technical skills and keep abreast of the market and regulatory developments.
having made specific enquiry with the directors, all of them confirmed that they had complied with the required standards set out in the model code during the year ended 31 december 2022. . courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report board of directors the board formulates the overall strategy of the group, monitors its financial performance and maintains effective oversight over the management.
daily operations and administration are delegated to the management.
the board shall resolve to provide separate appropriate independent professional advice to the directors to assist the relevant directors to discharge their duties.
all directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, and are continually updated on the developments of the statutory and regulatory regime and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, four regular board meetings and two general meetings were held.
corporate governance report remuneration committee the remuneration committee has specific written terms of reference that are in compliance with the cg code.
the remuneration committee met one time during the year ended 31 december 2022 to assess the performance of the directors, and review and make recommendations to the board on the remuneration packages for directors and senior management.
board diversity policy the company recognizes the benefits of having a diverse board to enhance the quality of its performance and adopted the board diversity policy.
the board diversity policy sets out that in determining the optimum composition of the board, differences in skills, regional and industry experience, background, race, gender and other qualities of directors shall be considered.
all board appointments are made on merits, in the context of skills and experience the board as a whole requires, with due regard for the benefits of diversity of the board.
the board diversity policy has been consistently implemented.
the board considered gender diversity in respect of the board satisfactory.
the group has taken, and will continue to take, steps to promote diversity at all levels of the workforce including senior management . opportunities for employment, training and career development are equally open to all eligible employees without discrimination so as to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the board and the workforce.
as at 31 december 2022, the male to female ratio in the workforce including senior management is 1:1.
the board considered gender diversity in respect of the workforce to be achieved.
in order to ensure that independent views and input of independent non-executive directors are made available to the board, the nomination committee and the board would assess the independence of independent non-executive directors annually with regard to, among others, the following factors: their character, integrity, expertise and experience; declaration of conflict of interest in their roles as independent non-executive directors; duration of appointment as independent non-executive directors; time commitment to the company's affairs; past and present financial or other interests in the businesses of the company; and connection with other director s , chief executive or substantial shareholder s of the company.
according to the nomination policy, in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate, the board shall take into account, among others, the following factors: i qualifications, professional experience, skills and knowledge relevant to the businesses of the group; ii commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest; iii diversity perspectives set out in the board diversity policy; iv in case of independent non-executive directors, regulatory requirement for appointment of independent non-executive directors and the independence criteria set out in the hong kong listing rules; and v any other factors that the board considers appropriate.
7. reviewed and adopted the anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy.
corporate governance report corporate governance functions the board is responsible for determining the policy for the corporate governance of the company and performing the corporate governance duties as set out below: 1. to develop and review the group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations.
2. to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management.
3. to review and monitor the group’s policies and practices on compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements.
4. to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and directors of the group.
instead, such review is carried out with the assistance of roma risk advisory limited “roma” , an independent outsourced internal auditor.
the review aims to ensure the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.
for conducting the annual review, roma had reviewed the relevant policies and procedures of the group, conducted collaborative interviews and document inspections, and performed walkthrough tests and samples testing procedures on the group’s risk management and internal control systems.
after the review, roma had presented to the board and the audit committee the internal control review report and enterprise risk management report which contained certain findings and relevant recommendations and suggestions for improvement on the group’s risk management and internal control systems.
28 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report in connection with the controls on compliance aspect, the company has established a policy on handling and dissemination of inside information that sets out the procedures in handling inside information in an accurate and secure manner so as to avoid possible mishandling of inside information within the group.
anti-corruption policy the board has adopted an anti-fraud and counter-corruption policy the “anti-corruption policy” which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.
the group is committed to achieving high standards of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities and has zero tolerance towards fraud and corruption.
it strives to protect its reputation, assets and information from any attempt of fraud, corruption, deceit or improper conduct by employees or third parties.
in line with this, the anti-corruption policy has outlined the company’s expectations and requirements relating to the prevention, detection, reporting and investigation of any suspected fraud, corruption and other similar irregularities.
the anti-corruption policy applies to all group employees and all business partners, including customers, suppliers and debtors.
the audit committee has the overall responsibility for the implementation, monitoring and periodic review of the anti-corruption policy.
whistleblowing policy the board has adopted a whistleblowing policy the “whistleblowing policy” which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.
the audit committee has the overall responsibility for implementing, monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy and the actions resulting from the investigation.
the chairmen of all board committees are invited to attend the agm.
the auditor of the company is also invited to attend the agm to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditors’ report, the accounting policies and auditor’s independence.
the group has established a range of communication channels between itself and the shareholders, investors and other stakeholders.
the board has the overall responsibility to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the shareholders and the investment community, and will regularly review the shareholders communication policy to ensure its effectiveness.
for the year ended 31 december 2022, the board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication policy including steps taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries received if any and the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place, and considered that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented during the year under review and is effective.
environmental, social and governance report overview the board is pleased to present the environmental, social and governance "esg" report of the group, which reviews the group's esg initiatives, plans, and performance, as well as its sustainable development in respect of environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.
as a responsible corporate citizen, the group views esg commitments as part of its social responsibilities and is committed to incorporating esg considerations into its decision-making process.
the environmental, social and governance report “esg report” summarises the esg initiatives, plans, and performance of the group in relation to environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.
the esg governance structure the group conducts a top-down management approach with respect to esg issues.
the group's designated personnel from the business and functional departments facilitate the board's oversight of esg-related issues.
their duties include overseeing and reviewing the group's esg-related policies, performance, management approach, risks and opportunities, as well as reporting and recommending improvements on esg-related matters to the board.
information relating to the group's corporate governance practices is set out in the "corporate governance report" on pages 21 to 32 of this annual report.
in the long run, the stakeholders' contributions will aid the group in improving potentially overlooked esg aspects.
a. environmental the group is committed to mitigating its environmental impacts and incorporating sustainability into its business strategy.
to enhance decarbonisation and address stakeholders' concerns, the group has set environmental targets in regard to greenhouse gas emissions, waste management, energy consumption, and water use.
the group regularly reviews the progress towards these targets and the effectiveness of its environmental protection measures.
emissions the group recognises the importance of operating its business in a sustainable manner.
the group continuously improves existing policies and incorporates new policies to mitigate potential direct and indirect negative environmental impacts arising from the group's business operations.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations, including but not limited to the air pollution control ordinance, waste disposal ordinance, and water pollution control ordinance of hong kong.
air emissions the three vessels owned by the group were virtually leased out throughout fy2022.
the fuels used by the vessels were not under the group's direct control, but the charterers complied with relevant environmental rules and regulations.
the group considers that the air emissions directly produced by the group during fy2022 were immaterial.
greenhouse gas emissions the principal greenhouse gas emissions were from purchased electricity scope 2 and office paper disposal scope 3 . during fy2021, the group set a target to reduce total greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 10% by the year ended 31 december 2026 "fy2026" , using fy2021 as the baseline year.
the group adopted measures to reduce direct greenhouse gas emissions, indirect greenhouse gas emissions, and other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
scope 1 - direct greenhouse gas emissions during fy2022, the group's operations did not produce any direct greenhouse gas emissions because the three vessels were virtually leased out and the group did not own any vehicles.
scope 2 - indirect greenhouse gas emissions electricity consumption accounted for the indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
the group implemented measures to reduce energy consumption; these measures are detailed in the "energy efficiency" section under aspect a2 below.
37 environmental, social and governance report scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions paper waste disposal by employees accounted for the other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
measures implemented to reduce paper waste disposal are set out in the section headed "waste management" under aspect a1 below.
during fy2022, the group's total greenhouse gas emissions intensity increased by 19.23% from approximately 0.26 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.31 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2022.
the group is in the process of achieving the aforementioned target and will continue to promote measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the future.
summary of greenhouse gas emission performance: indicator¹: scope 2 – indirect greenhouse gas emissions indicator¹: purchased electricity, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2022: 4.27, fy2021: 3.59 indicator¹: scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions indicator¹: paper waste disposed at landfills, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2022: 0.72, fy2021: 0.51 indicator¹: total greenhouse gas emissions, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2022: 4.99, fy2021: 4.10 indicator¹: total greenhouse gas emissions intensity³, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/employee, fy2022: 0.31, fy2021: 0.26 table end.
notes: 1. greenhouse gas emissions data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and is based on, but not limited to, "the greenhouse gas protocol: a corporate accounting and reporting standard” issued by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development, "how to prepare an esg report – appendix 2: reporting guidance on environmental kpis" issued by the hong kong stock exchange, the “global warming potential values" from the fifth assessment report ar5 of the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc 2014 and the sustainability report 2022 published by hk electric.
2. tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent is defined as metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent.
waste management hazardous waste management owing to the group's business nature, no material hazardous waste was produced by the group during fy2022.
non-hazardous waste management most of the non-hazardous waste produced by the group was office paper.
although its operations do not generate a significant amount of non-hazardous waste, the group endeavors to further reduce the waste produced by implementing “green office” initiatives.
during fy2021, the group set a target to provide waste separation bins for collecting recyclables, including paper, plastic, and glass in the group's office from fy2022 onwards.
furthermore, the group will continue to implement waste reduction measures, such as those listed below, with the goal of reducing waste from the sources.
the green measures include but are not limited to the following: print electronic correspondences only when necessary; reuse single-sided office paper; encourage double-sided printing or photocopying; procure paper bearing the forest stewardship council recycled label; and recycle outdated office supplies and electronic equipment after their life cycles.
during fy2022, the group's total non-hazardous waste intensity increased by about 28.57% from approximately 0.007 metric ton per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.009 metric ton per employee in fy2022.
the group has provided waste separation bins for collecting recyclables during fy2022 in order to achieve the aforementioned target.
the group will continue to promote measures to reduce paper consumption and provide waste separation bins for recyclables in the future.
table: summary of non-hazardous waste discharge performance category: office paper, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste intensity, unit: metric ton/employee, fy2022: 0.009, fy2021: 0.007 table end.
as wastewater from the group will be discharged into a sewage pipe network connected to a regional water purification plant, the water consumed by the group is considered sewage discharged.
further details of water consumption are set out in the section headed “water consumption” under aspect a2 below.
use of resources the group upholds and promotes effective use of resources and is committed to optimising their use across business operations.
energy efficiency during fy2022, the energy consumed by the group was mainly electricity used for daily operations.
as all of the group's vessels were leased out virtually throughout fy2022, the group had no direct energy consumption.
nevertheless, to promote energy conservation and enhance energy efficiency in business operations, the group set a target in fy2021 to change all office lighting to led bulbs by fy2026.
the group also adopts the following energy-saving measures: post eye-catching stickers on energy conservation as a reminder to employees; switch off unnecessary lighting and electrical appliances when not in use; purchase energy-efficient equipment to replace retired equipment; set all computer screens and printers to standby mode after a certain period; and participate in energy-saving campaigns, including the earth hour lights-out campaign.
the group will investigate anomalies in electricity consumption to identify the root causes and carry out the corresponding preventative measures.
during fy2022, the group's total energy consumption intensity increased by approximately 24.06% from approximately 316.38 kilowatt-hours per employee in fy2021 to approximately 392.50 kilowatt-hours per employee in fy2022.
the group is currently making progress in achieving the aforementioned target, and will continue to enhance its energy conservation measures in order to reduce energy consumption.
environmental, social and governance report water consumption owing to the group's business nature, the usage of water is confined to water used by employees in the office.
water consumption data was not available since water usage was covered in the office building management fees.
the target for water efficiency is also not presented, as water consumption data is not available.
although the water consumption of the group is insignificant, the group is dedicated to promoting the importance of water conservation to its employees.
apart from posting eye-catching stickers to promote water conservation, the group also regularly inspects water taps to prevent leakage and encourages employees to cherish water usage, such as by reducing unnecessary water consumption in washrooms and pantry.
the group did not encounter any problems in sourcing water that was fit for its purpose and was not aware of any abnormal water usage during fy2022.
the environment and natural resources although the core business of the group has a remote impact on the environment and natural resources, the group realises its responsibility to minimise any negative environmental impacts from its business operations as an ongoing commitment to good corporate social responsibility.
the group regularly assesses the environmental risks of its businesses, adopts relevant policies and preventive measures to reduce the risks and ensures compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.
indoor air quality to ensure that the group's work environment is pleasant, the indoor air quality in its workplace is regularly monitored.
during fy2022, the indoor air quality of the group's office was satisfactory.
to improve indoor air quality, air purifying equipment is used in the office when considered appropriate and the air conditioning system is cleaned periodically.
these measures maintained the indoor air quality at a satisfactory level by filtering out pollutants, contaminants and dust particles.
climate change mitigation and adaptation the group recognises the importance of identifying significant climate-related issues and mitigating of the related risks and is thus committed to managing the potential climate-related risks that may impact the group's business activities.
during fy2022, the group conducted a climate change assessment to identify and mitigate the potential risks that may arise from its business operations.
any damage to the vessels may cause environmental pollution, including but not limited to fuel leakage and disposal of vessel debris.
when extreme weather events occur or are expected to occur, senior management will respond as planned and communicate with employees about the work arrangement in a timely manner to ensure employee safety and operation continuity.
the group will also, from time to time, review its response plan, which sets out appropriate solutions for employees to follow, so the employees will know how to respond if any of the essential work arrangements become unavailable due to extreme weather events.
transition risks policy and legal risks the group anticipates that there will be more stringent climate legislation and regulations to support the global vision of carbon neutrality.
from a listed company's perspective, the group acknowledges the increasing requirements for climate-related information disclosures.
in addition, climate change may lead to higher emissions standards and regulations on vessels.
employment practices human resources are the foundation of the group.
the group recognises that sustainable growth relies on good recruitment and retention practices.
as at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 31 december 2021: 16 full-time employees in total.
the distribution of employees by gender, age group, geographical region, and employee category is as follows: i total workforce by gender table: workforce by gender 2021-2022 year: 2022, male: 8, female: 8 year: 2021, male: 8, female: 8 table end.
. courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report iii total workforce by geographical region 2022: hong kong: 1 singapore: 15 2021: hong kong: 1 singapore: 15 iv total workforce by employee category 2022: senior management: 6 management: 1 other employees: 9 2021: senior management: 5 other employees: 11 during fy2022, the total number of employees leaving employment was 2 fy2021: 1 , and the total employee turnover rate 4 was approximately 12.50% fy2021: 6.25% . the overall employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region are as follows: table: employee turnover rate by gender, age, and region category: by gender category: male, fy2022: 12.50%, fy2021: 12.50% category: female, fy2022: 12.50%, fy2021: 12.50% category: by age group category: under 30 years old, fy2022: 16.67%, fy2021: 20.00% category: 30 – 50 years old, fy2022: 11.11%, fy2021: – category: above 50 years old, fy2022: –, fy2021: – category: by geographical region category: hong kong, fy2022: 13.33%, fy2021: 6.67% category: singapore, fy2022: –, fy2021: – table end.
the policies cover topics such as recruitment and remuneration, compensations, working hours of training per employee and rest periods, diversity and equal opportunity, etc. the group periodically reviews its current employment practices and policies to ensure continuous improvement of its employment standards and competitiveness against companies in similar industries.
recruitment, promotion and remuneration talent acquisition is vital to the sustainable development of the group's businesses.
employees are recruited via a robust, transparent, and non-discriminatory recruitment process based on their merits and their potential to fulfill the group's current and future needs.
remuneration and promotion are based on job-related skills, qualifications and performance.
the group also ensures that all hired seafarers operating on its vessels possess the necessary credentials required by the international safety management “ism” code.
working hours and rest periods to facilitate employees' work-life balance, the group has formulated policies for determining working hours of training per employee and rest periods for employees, following local employment laws.
the group adopts a five-day workweek, and its employees are entitled to basic leaves such as sick leave, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.
the statute protects employees who are injured in the course of their employment due to an accident.
environmental, social and governance report equal opportunity, diversity and anti-discrimination the group's sustainable growth is dependent on the diversity of its talents, and it is thus committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and collaborative workplace culture.
furthermore, the group is committed to providing equal opportunities in all aspects of employment and protecting its employees from discrimination, physical or verbal harassment, and other forms of harassment based on gender, age, religion, disability, ethnicity, political stance, marital status and other factors.
the group has zero tolerance for sexual harassment or abuse in the workplace in any form.
other benefits and welfare the group understands that good benefits and welfare encourage staff retention and foster a sense of belonging, as such, the group seeks to provide additional remuneration and benefits to employees where possible.
remuneration packages for employees usually include discretionary bonuses, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.
except for the aforementioned entitlement to various leaves, employees are also entitled to benefits such as medical insurance and other clinical benefits.
other allowances are also available to employees, such as travel allowances and education subsidies.
health and safety occupational health and safety management during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with health and safety-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the occupational safety and health ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
there were no reported cases of work-related fatalities or lost days due to work injury during fy2022 fy2021: nil . in the past three years, the group had no cases of work-related fatalities.
providing employees with a safe and healthy work environment is of utmost importance to the group.
health and safety measures that are applicable to an office-based business operation are limited.
in the office, fire extinguishers are appropriately placed, fire exits are free from obstructions, and first aid boxes can be found around the premises.
relevant safety policies are reviewed annually, or soon after an incident arises, to ensure their relevancy.
for the marine transportation operation, the group has established a sound safety management system with a comprehensive safety management manual and shipboard emergency plan to assist its crews and ashore staff in dealing with unexpected incidents and the subsequent approach to minimise damages, losses, or hazardous outputs.
the group understands that the potential impact of an incident on the marine transportation operation would be greater than that on an office-based operation.
therefore, the group convenes a safety management system review meeting at least once every year to review the effectiveness of the safety management system, and reviews whether the latest ism code has been properly dealt with.
environmental, social and governance report response to covid and the variant viruses in response to the covid pandemic, the group has taken measures to enhance health and safety precautions in the office to ensure the well-being of the employees, and the group’s internal safety and business continuity.
development and training training and continuous development are essential for the group’s employees to keep up with the industry’s ever-changing trends.
as such, the group takes a proactive approach to providing employees with opportunities to advance their careers by encouraging them to apply for internal and external training courses to refresh prior knowledge and acquire new knowledge.
regular training and drills are carried out to familiarise employees and vessel crews with the group’s policies and any newly updated guidelines.
the group believes that proper training lowers the risk of avoidable incidents and ensures compliance with the provisions set out by the international maritime organisation.
during fy2022, 75.00% fy2021: 75.00% of the group’s employees have received training, with an average of 36.56 training hours of training per employee fy2021: 24.75 hours of training per employee per employee.
the percentage of trained employees, breakdown of trained employees, and average number of training hours of training per employee per employee, by gender and employee category, are as follows: table: training data by gender and employee category fy2021-fy2022 category: by gender , gender: male, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 100.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 87.50, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 66.67, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 58.33, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 59.38, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 33.00 gender: female, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 50.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 62.50, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 33.33, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 41.67, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 13.75, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 16.50 category: by employee category , gender: senior management, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 100.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 100.00, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 75.00, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 91.67, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 58.89, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 34.18 gender: management, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 100.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : -, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 8.33, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : -, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 25.00, average training hours per employee fy2021 : - gender: other employees, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 33.33, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 20.00, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 16.67, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 8.33, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 5.00, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 4.00 table end.
footnote 8 and 10 are not provided in the image courage investment group limited annual report 2022 47 environmental, social and governance report b4.
labour standards prevention of child and forced labour child and forced labour are strictly prohibited as defined by laws and regulations.
the group does not employ children before they reach the legal age to work as defined by the relevant laws and regulations.
personal data is collected during the recruitment process detailed in the group’s new employee recruitment procedures to assist in the selection of suitable candidates and the verification of the candidates’ personal data.
the human resources department will ensure that the identity documents are carefully checked and that the selected candidate has reached the legal age to work.
if any employees suspect a violation is involved, they should report it to their supervisors or the group’s human resources department.
supply chain management the group selects suppliers based on their technical proposals, prevailing market prices, delivery times and reputations.
the group follows the rules and regulations set down by the international maritime organisation and the ship classification societies to manage the environmental and social risks in relation to its marine transportation operation.
the group encourages its business partners and suppliers to consider the risks posed to their operations from climate change and to mitigate the related environmental impacts on them during supplier management meetings and events.
suppliers with the iso 14001: environmental management system ems certificate will be prioritised in the group's supplier engagement process.
fair and open tendering the group has developed a tendering procedure to engage suppliers in a fair and competitive manner, under which senior management is responsible for all the decision making during the tendering process.
during the selection process, to promote improvements in environmental performance, suppliers, subcontractors and vendors are encouraged to consider and manage their environmental and social issues in their operations for priority consideration.
the group maintains close communication with suppliers, understands their supply and services, resolves the related supply and service issues, and makes corresponding improvement measures.
the group also shares sustainable operating practices and disseminates environmental concepts, including the latest knowledge on quality, safety, and good employment and environmental practices.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations related to privacy issues or compensation regarding health and safety, advertisement, and labeling for products and services that would have a significant impact on the group.
this includes, but is not limited to, the personal data privacy ordinance, the trade descriptions ordinance, and the food safety ordinance of hong kong laws and the food and drugs composition and labelling amendment no.
2 regulation 2014. product and service quality assurance the group understands the necessity of further safeguarding health and safety matters in its marine transportation business.
in addition to strict compliance with the ism code, the group has established policies stipulating each officer's responsibilities on board its vessels.
the group has a well-established shipboard emergency alert mechanism, including a safety committee and an emergency response team to investigate and handle shipboard hazardous occurrences or emergencies.
during fy2022, no products were sold or shipped that required recall for safety and health reasons.
the group's code of conduct and ethics includes provisions regarding data privacy.
anti-corruption and whistleblowing anti-corruption solid corporate governance and risk management are essential to the group's long-term development and sustainable growth.
the group values and upholds integrity, honesty and fairness in how the group conducts business.
the group affirms its zero-tolerance policy regarding corruption, fraud and all other behaviours that severely violate professionalism and work ethics.
the code of conduct and ethics and the conflict of interest and transactions with interested persons policy have been formulated by the group to prevent misconduct and promote ethical and honest business behaviour.
moreover, board members and all staff are required to declare their interests, gifts or hospitality received in connection with their role within the group.
during fy2022, the group's directors and employees had received a total of 9 hours of training per employee fy2021: 10 hours of training per employee and 11 hours of training per employee fy2021: 8 hours of training per employee of anti-corruption training, respectively.
a corporate email address has been set up for access by the chairman of the audit committee and all independent non-executive directors for whistleblowing purposes.
for any report received, the audit committee will consult with the chairman of the board and independent non-executive directors about any preventive measures to be put in place to prevent future breaches of a similar nature from taking place.
the audit committee will coordinate with the relevant department s to implement such preventive measures and regularly review the efficacy of the said measures.
community investment & community participation the group realizes the importance of giving back to society and is committed to supporting the community by various means of social participation and contribution as part of its strategic development.
as a responsible corporation, the group has established relevant guidelines on community investment to encourage its employees to engage in community services and voluntary activities.
since the group's core business of marine transportation will result in unavoidable carbon emissions and other environmental footprint when its vessels are chartered for use, the group has identified environmental concerns as its focus area of contribution for community investment, particularly in the area of marine conservation.
during fy2022, the group devoted significant resources to maintaining its business operations amidst the pandemic, including various supports for its staff and vessel crews, and suspended all philanthropic activities.
the group will focus more on social participation and community investment when the pandemic eases.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the international ethics standards board for accountants’ code of ethics for professional accountants the “code” , and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the code.
those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the group's financial reporting process.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
page 56 of courage investment group limited annual report 2022 independent auditor's report auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements continued we also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is lam shu lung.
both the group and employees contribute a fixed percentage to the mpf scheme based on their monthly salary in accordance with government regulations.
