the group will adopt a prudent approach to gradually expand our team and business partners who are able to bring business/value to the group.
completed the executive program on "blockchain technologies: business innovation and application" from the massachusetts institute of technology sloan school of management.
mr siow qualified as a chartered certified accountant with the association of chartered certified accountants in 1981, a certified internal auditor with the institute of internal auditors inc.
he has been a strategic it advisor to the economic development agency of the german state of north rhine-westphalia for more than a decade, and has been closely associated with various bilateral chambers globally.
dr shreeram holds a bachelor of mechanical engineering, post graduate diploma in computer science and master of marketing management from university of mumbai.
dr shreeram completed an executive programme in artificial intelligence and business specification from massachusetts institute of technology in 2019 over 26 weeks.
he also obtained a professional doctoral certificate in technology management with specialisation in vision based artificial intelligence from the european international university.
mr. pranal is a machine learning engineer and coder with 13 years of professional and corporate experience.
he specialises in machine learning algorithms and statistics, and is also a proficient coder in python, angular5, nodejs, asp.net and c . prior to joining prisma tech in february 2021, he was a senior software development engineer at i2e consulting india.
he was also previously a software developer at reliance infosolutions, qveda interactive design and aurionpro and a senior consultant at capgemini technology services india, and has significant experience in managing projects in the ai sphere.
the findings, decisions, and suggestions should be reported to the board annually.
for details related to the group's governance body and composition, please refer to the "corporate governance and risk management" section of the annual report.
our sustainability strategy the board firmly believes that a focus on sustainability is critical to creating potential business opportunities.
we are making progress to improve our sustainability reporting practices in the short term, and to enhance our eesg performance in the medium to long term.
in fy2022, the group has made its first disclosure of the climate-related risk management approach in the report with reference to the task force on climate-related financial disclosures "tcfd" framework.
the group strives to adopt the appropriate sustainable practices relevant in our industry and remains committed to contributing to the environment and the well-being of our employees, business and local communities.
the board would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees, customers and business partners for their continuous support, and look forward to their continued support to improve our sustainability practices.
in line with the group’s continued commitment to environmental sustainability, the group will strengthen its sustainability framework and practices in the future and will expand its scope of disclosures as the group’s sustainability reporting matures.
we have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy.
feedbacks we welcome feedback from our stakeholders with regards to our sustainability efforts as this enables us to improve our policies, systems and results.
stakeholder engagement an important starting point in our sustainability journey is to identify our stakeholders and material aspects relevant to our business.
the interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also taken into account when formulating corporate strategies.
governance: business ethics and compliance the group firmly believes that a focus on sustainability is critical and offers attractive opportunities.
they are committed to the highest standards of corporate governance, responsible business conduct, and respecting human rights.
there have been no incidents reported for fy2022 fy2021: nil . erm erm is an integral part of good corporate governance as well as resource management.
we will regularly review the erm policies to ensure all relevant risks are identified, communicated and addressed in a timely manner.
we also strive to integrate the concepts of sustainability into our investment practices and advisory services by making socially responsible investments and encouraging our clients to act likewise.
governance, internal controls, environment, human capital and health and safety are some of the areas assessed by deal teams and considered by the board as part of the investment decision-making process.
anti-corruption and whistleblowing the group has a zero-tolerance stance on corruption.
in our dealings with our clients, we require our employees to strictly uphold the group’s policy on anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-fraud.
we have put in place a whistle blowing policy that sets out the procedures for a whistle-blower to make a report on misconduct or wrongdoing relating to the group and its officers.
the audit committee is responsible for overseeing and monitoring the whistleblowing process.
together with the group’s internal auditors, the audit committee reviews the anti-corruption and whistleblowing policies regularly to ensure that their robustness and comprehensiveness.
the relevant policies and procedures have been communicated to all board members and all employees via internal memo and employment contracts.
please refer to the “corporate governance and risk management” section of the annual report for further details on the group’s whistle blowing policy.
sustainability report environmental based on the group's operating scope, our business operations have very limited impact towards the environment.
however, we always strive to avoid unnecessary impact on the environment and to further reduce environmental impact.
our efforts are mainly focused towards minimising our energy usage.
climate change mitigation and adaptation climate risk considerations have stood out as a critical aspect of business continuity that needs to be addressed.
through the adoption of the recommendations of the tcfd framework, we assess the impact of key climate-related risks and opportunities and disclose climate action strategy under four overarching elements, including governance, strategy, risk management and metrics and targets.
governance we have established a robust governance structure as described in the “board statement” section.
the board oversees the group's sustainability in the formulation of its strategy and approves the disclosures on the group's climate-related risks and opportunities and its responding actions to enhance climate resilience.
under the board's delegations, the management is responsible for implementing and integrating relevant mitigation and adaptation measures into the group's operations.
strategy we acknowledge that climate change brings risks and opportunities to our business.
to strengthen our understanding of the climate-related issues, the group has incorporated climate risks into its erm process and strives to keep abreast of the latest trends in climate adaptation and mitigation through stakeholder engagement.
for the safety of its employees, the group will closely monitor the latest weather news and provide guidance on the working arrangement when required according to the suggestions issued by the local authorities.
transition risks local governments have been accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy.
the group will regularly monitor existing and emerging climate-related trends to avoid reputation risks due to slow response.
we will also pay attention to policies and regulations and obtain compliance advisory services when necessary.
the group intends to maintain high transparency in sustainability reporting and its related activities which establishes trust and confidence in its relationship with investors and customers.
metrics and targets the group follows the best practice of enhancing energy-efficiency and complies with related environmental laws and regulations.
relevant targets and measures on climate change and energy-saving can be found in the below section headed "energy and emission management”.
energy and emissions management we recognise the importance of combating the effects of climate change.
based on our business activities and model, however, the group is minimally involved in environmentally impactful activities or activities with high energy consumption.
the group does not consume fuel directly from either renewable or non-renewable sources, therefore it does not generate any air emissions and direct scope 1 greenhouse gas “greenhouse gas” emissions.
the group only consumes electricity for its daily operations.
as the utility expenses were included in the management fee of the rented share offices, relevant energy consumption data and energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are not available.
nonetheless, the group remains committed to enhance energy efficiency.
we encouraged employees to practise energy-saving initiatives, including but not limited to: using energy only when needed for example, turning off the lights when not in use installing led energy-saving bulbs, and maintaining operation of air-conditioner at 25°c.
starting from fy2023, we will disseminate email messages related to energy conservation and climate change annually to raise awareness among employees, in an attempt to fulfil our commitment with the contribution of all employees.
supplier environmental assessment the group strives to monitor its environmental impact and encourages its stakeholders, such as service partners and trading partners, to meet the same expectations.
we ensure that all new suppliers are screened and selected with taking into consideration of environmental criteria and have been using reputable mid-tier companies that are environmentally friendly.
to meet the expectation of our clients, we conduct regular assessments of our key service providers to ensure that they all comply with anti-child labour laws and avoid the use of non-eco-friendly materials.
in fy2022, none of our key service providers were identified as having significant actual and potential negative environmental impacts.
diversity and equal opportunity we embrace diversity and at the same time expect employees to be aligned with the group's vision and strategic initiatives.
taking into account the nature and scope of the group’s operations, the group reviews the board composition annually and believes the current composition is diverse in terms of skills, experience, and attributes for effective decision-making for the group.
the board diversity policy has been set out in the “corporate governance and risk management” section of the annual report.
fair employment the group endeavours to create and maintain an inclusive and collaborative workplace culture in which all employees can thrive.
the group is dedicated to maintaining workplaces that are free from discrimination, physical or verbal harassment against any individual on the basis of age, gender, national origin, disability, religion, sexual orientation, marital or maternity status, union membership or political opinion, among others.
employees are encouraged to report on any incidents in relation to discrimination to their immediate superior or human resources department through the whistleblowing system.
in fy2022, there were no reported incidents of discrimination fy2021: nil and we target to maintain the record for fy2023.
the group is committed to providing competitive remuneration packages to full-time employees, including life insurance, health care, and disability and invalidity coverage.
these benefits aim to attract talent and strengthen employee commitment.
sustainability report occupational health and safety the group is committed to safeguarding our employees' health and safety against any potential workplace hazards.
we have taken measures to enhance employees' awareness of occupational health and safety in areas including fire safety, hygiene, work-life balance and prevention of injuries.
in view of the covid-19 outbreak, the group remains highly vigilant to the potential impact of health and safety on its employees.
measures include but are not limited to work from home arrangement for office staff, restriction of physical meetings at workplace, monitoring of health program, safe distancing and other practices as required.
there have been no work-related fatalities, high-consequence work-related injuries and recordable work-related injuries for fy2022 fy2021: nil and we target to maintain the record for fy2023.
training and education forise understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge.
all directors have undergone an average of 4 hours of training per employee training on sustainability matters as prescribed by the sgx-st.
there is no training given to employees in fy2022 as the group reduces gathering due to the covid-19 pandemic.
the group will strive to provide training programmes to our employees in due course in the coming years.
our target for fy2023 is to increase the average hours of training per employee of training to 10 hours of training per employee per employee per year to ensure the adequate level of training for their scope of work.
supporting local communities the group recognises the importance in being socially responsible and strives to give back to society in a positive and meaningful way.
the group considers ways of supporting communities in which it operates through charitable donations and participating corporate social responsibility “csr” activities, such as reaching out to the less fortunate and extending a helping hand to them.
unfortunately, due to the continuous outbreak of the covid-19 pandemic in fy2022, as well as the various measures imposed to contain the spread of the virus such as social distancing, restriction of visits, limited size gathering and others, the group had to suspend its csr projects temporarily until the pandemic tides over.
sgx-st content index primary component: a material environmental, social and governance factors, reference/description: materiality assessment primary component: aa climate-related disclosures consistent with the recommendations of the tcfd, reference/description: environmental – climate change mitigation and adaptation primary component: b policies, practices and performance, reference/description: governance; economic; environmental; social primary component: c targets, reference/description: governance; economic; environmental; social primary component: d sustainability reporting framework, reference/description: about the report – reporting framework primary component: e board statement and associated governance structure for sustainability practices, reference/description: board statement table end.
disclosure: 2-5 external assurance, reference/description: about the report – independent assurance disclosure: 2-6 activities, value chain and other business relationships, reference/description: organisational profile disclosure: 2-7 employees, reference/description: social – diversity and equal opportunity disclosure: 2-9 governance structure and composition, reference/description: board statement – our sustainability governance structure disclosure: 2-12 role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, reference/description: board statement – our sustainability governance structure disclosure: 2-13 delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, reference/description: board statement – our sustainability governance structure disclosure: 2-14 role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, reference/description: board statement – our sustainability governance structure table end.
sustainability report gri standard disclosure reference/description gri standard: 2-22, disclosure: statement on sustainable development strategy, reference/description: board statement – our sustainability strategy gri standard: 2-23, disclosure: policy commitments, reference/description: corporate governance – business ethics and compliance gri standard: 2-27, disclosure: compliance with laws and regulations, reference/description: corporate governance – business ethics and compliance gri standard: 2-28, disclosure: membership associations, reference/description: member of singapore business federation gri standard: 2-29, disclosure: approach to stakeholder engagement, reference/description: stakeholder engagement table end.
material topics sustainability report gri standard : 401-2, disclosure : benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, reference/description : social - fair employment table end.
corporate governance report forise international limited the “company” , together with its subsidiaries the “group” , is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and a robust governance framework.
good corporate governance establishes an ethical and accountable corporate environment, maximizing long-term value for shareholders and protecting their interests.
the singapore exchange securities trading limited “sgx-st” requires listed companies to describe their corporate governance practices in annual reports, referencing the principles of the code of corporate governance 2018 the “code” . this report outlines the company’s main corporate governance framework and practices, with specific reference to the code, for the financial year ending december 31, 2022 “fy2022” . the board of directors reports that the group closely adhered to the principles and provisions of the code in fy2022.
1. board matters 1.1 the board’s conduct of affairs principle 1: the company is headed by an effective board, collectively responsible and working with management for the company's long-term success.
the board oversees group business affairs and is responsible for reviewing strategic plans, performance objectives, financial plans, annual budgets, key operational initiatives, funding and investment proposals, financial performance reviews, and corporate governance practices.
the board holds management accountable for performance and exercises close oversight over key areas including corporate governance, finance, strategy, risk management, and internal controls.
to further this principle, the board has implemented a code of conduct and ethics, established appropriate tone-from-the-top and desired organizational culture, and ensured proper accountability.
delegation by the board to further assist the board in the discharge of its oversight functions and to enhance the company's corporate governance framework, the following board committees have been established: the audit committee “ac” , the nominating committee “nc” and the remuneration committee “rc” collectively, the “board committees” . these board committees are formed with and function within clearly defined terms of references and operating procedures, which are reviewed on a regular basis.
the delegation of authority by the board to the board committees enables the board to achieve operational efficiency by empowering these board committees to decide on matters within their respective terms of reference and/or limits of delegated authority and yet maintain control over major policies and decisions.
minutes of all board committee meetings will be circulated to the board so that the directors are aware of and kept updated as to the proceedings and matters discussed during such meetings.
the board acknowledges that while these various board committees have the authority to examine particular issues and report back to the board with their decisions and recommendations, the ultimate responsibility for all matters lies with the board.
details of other board committees are as set out below: 1. nominating committee principle 4 ; 2. remuneration committee principle 6 ; 3. audit committee principle 10 . corporate governance report 1. board matters continued 1.1 the board's conduct of affairs continued board meetings and attendance the board meets at least on a half-yearly basis and convenes at other times as warranted by particular circumstances to discuss the group's key activities.
dates of the board and board committee meetings and the annual general meeting “agm” are normally set by the directors well in advance to assist directors in planning their attendance.
in between the scheduled meetings, the board may have ad-hoc board meetings and/or informal discussions on matters requiring urgent attention, which would then be formally confirmed and approved by the circulation of resolutions in writing.
key matters discussed at these meetings include financial performance, annual budget, corporate strategy, significant operational matters, and business opportunities and governance issues.
corporate governance report 1. board matters continued 1.1 the board’s conduct of affairs continued access to complete, adequate and timely information the management and executive directors provide the board with relevant and accurate information in a timely manner relating to matters to be brought before the board, prior to board meetings and on an ongoing basis, in sufficient and adequate detail so as to enable the board to be fully cognisant of the decisions and actions of management.
the board is further apprised of any significant developments, receives training or briefings either in-house or externally by auditors, company secretary, management and/or other relevant professionals and during board or ad hoc sessions on business initiatives, industry developments and changes to laws, regulations and accounting standards.
company secretary under the direction of the chairman, the company secretary’s responsibilities include, amongst other things, ensuring good information flow within the board and its board committees and providing updates and advice on governance matters.
he administers and attends all board and board committee meetings of the company and prepares minutes of meetings.
director development/training a formal letter of appointment is furnished to every newly appointed director upon his/her appointment explaining, among other matters, the roles, obligations, duties and responsibilities as a member of the board.
the company also conducts a comprehensive induction programme for newly appointed directors which provides background information about the group’s structure and core values, its strategic direction and corporate governance practices as well as industry-specific knowledge.
the training will cover the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed company, which includes relevant areas such as accounting, legal knowledge and compliance, and will provide the newly appointed directors with a better understanding of the group's business activities, strategic direction and policies, key business risks, governance practices and the group's culture, to enable them to integrate into their new roles.
as at the date of this report, all directors have duly completed their sid and sustainability reporting trainings as required by sgx-st.
all directors are also briefed and provided with regular updates on pertinent business developments, as well as developments in areas such as corporate governance, commercial risks, changes to laws and regulations pertaining to the group's business and operations, and changes in financial reporting standards, so as to enable them to properly discharge their duties as board members.
our directors, from time to time, attend appropriate courses, conferences and seminars.
1.2 board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
corporate governance report 1. board matters continued 1.2 board composition and guidance continued directors’ independence the independence of each director is reviewed annually by the nc in accordance with the code.
the directors complete an annual declaration of independence, whereby they are required to assess their independence having taken into account the above requirements, which is then put to the nc for review.
following its annual review, the board and the nc are of the view that mr siow chee keong and mr lee ah too have, at all times, discharged their duties with professionalism and objectivity, and exercised strong independent judgement in the best interests of the company.
in this way, there is no person who can dominate the board's decision-making process, and objectivity on matters under deliberation is assured.
the independent directors also provide oversight on management's performance by constructively challenging and helping to develop proposals on strategy.
they regularly meet without the presence of management to review the effectiveness and performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives, after which feedback is provided to management.
corporate governance report 1.2 board composition and guidance continued board diversity continued the nc will continue to review the board diversity policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness, and will recommend the appropriate revisions to the board for consideration and approval.
it will also continue its identification and evaluation of suitable candidates to ensure there is diversity on the board.
1.3 chairman and chief executive officer principle 3: there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
corporate governance report 1. board matters continued 1.3 chairman and chief executive officer continued role of the chairman and chief executive officer continued the executive directors bear responsibility for ensuring that all directors and management work together with integrity and competency.
they are responsible for, amongst other things, ensuring that board meetings are held when necessary, facilitating sufficient quality, quantity and timeliness of information flow between the board and management, setting the board meeting agenda in consultation with management, assisting in ensuring the group's compliance with corporate governance regulations and maintaining regular dialogues with the management on all operational matters.
both executive directors are committed towards pursuing high standards of corporate governance and regularly interact with the board and management to ensure timely and adequate information flow.
further, the board and management have always responded to queries raised by shareholders in a timely manner and have been and will always remain accessible to shareholders.
the absence of a lead independent director has not impacted and is unlikely to impact the process of objective and independent decision-making by the board, nor has it impacted and is unlikely to impact shareholders’ accessibility to information and responses to queries from the board.
corporate governance report 1. board matters continued 1.4 board membership principle 4: the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
nc composition and role the nc establishes and reviews the profile required of board members and makes recommendations to the board on the appointment, re-appointment, and retirement of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board and each director's competencies, commitment, contribution, and performance.
to ensure that the governance and business needs of the company are adequately addressed, the nc takes factors such as attendance, preparedness, participation, and candour into consideration when evaluating the past performance and contributions of a director when making its recommendations to the board.
process for selection of new directors there is a formal and transparent process for the appointment of new directors to the board.
the nc reviews and recommends all new board appointments and re-appointments.
in doing so, the nc ensures that directors appointed to the board possess the background, experience and knowledge in technology, business, legal, finance and management skills critical to the company’s business and that each director contributes and brings to the board an independent and objective perspective to enable balanced and well-considered decisions to be made.
the nc will evaluate the capabilities of the candidates in the area of academic and professional qualifications, knowledge and experiences in relation to the business of the group.
process for re-appointment of directors the nc is also responsible for reviewing the re-appointment of directors who retire by rotation, taking into consideration the director’s integrity, independence mindedness, contribution and performance such as attendance, participation, preparedness and candour and any other factors as may be determined by the nc.
corporate governance report 1. board matters continued 1.5 board performance principle 5: the board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.
the board, through the nc, has used its best effort to ensure that directors appointed to the board and the board committees, whether individually or collectively, possess the background, experience and the relevant skills set which are critical to the group’s business.
it has also ensured that each director, with his special contributions, brings to the board an independent and objective perspective to enable sound, balanced and well-considered decisions to be made.
each director will assess the board’s performance as a whole and provide their feedback to the nc.
each director will evaluate the performance of the board taking into account a set of objective performance criteria recommended by the nc which includes, amongst other things, board composition and size, shareholders’ access to information, board processes, board effectiveness, board standards of conduct and financial performance indicators.
in reviewing the board’s effectiveness as a whole and the board committees, the nc will take into account the feedback from board and board committee members as well as the director’s individual skills and experience.
in assessing an individual director’s performance, factors that are to be taken into consideration include attendance at board meetings and related activities, adequacy of preparing for board meetings, commitment of time to director’s duties, contributions in specialist areas, generation of constructive ideas, and maintenance of independence.
the nc will also consider other contributions by a director such as the director having provided objective perspectives on issues, facilitated business opportunities and strategic relationships, and/or the director’s accessibility to the management outside of formal board and/or board committee meetings.
corporate governance report 1. board matters continued 1.5 board performance continued the nc, having reviewed the overall performance of the board and the board committees in terms of their roles and responsibilities, the conduct of their affairs as a whole, and each individual director's performance, is of the view that the performance of the board and each individual director has been satisfactory for fy2022.
this ensures an appropriate remuneration level and mix that recognises the performance, potential, and responsibilities of these individuals.
3. accountability and audit 3.1 risk management and internal controls principle 9: the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
the board also ensures that management maintains a sound system of internal controls and risk management practices for good corporate governance within the group to safeguard shareholders' interests and the group's assets and to manage risks.
in this regard, the board: a ensures that management maintains a sound systems of risk management to safeguard shareholders' interest and the group's assets; b determines the nature and extend of significant risks that the board is willing to take in achieving its strategic objective; c determines the company's levels of risk tolerance and risk policies; corporate governance report 3. accountability and audit continued 3.1 risk management and internal controls continued d oversees management in the design, implementation, and monitoring of risk management and internal control systems including financial, operational, compliance, and information technology risks , and ensures that the necessary corrective actions are taken on a timely basis; and e reviews annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management policies and systems, and key internal controls.
the internal and independent auditors also assist in the risk management process by identifying certain areas of concern that are uncovered through financial/audit checks.
3.2 audit committee principle 10: the board has an audit committee which discharges its duties objectively.
the ac assists the board in discharging its responsibility to safeguard assets, maintain adequate accounting records, and develop and maintain an effective system of internal controls, with the overall objective of ensuring that management creates and maintains an effective control environment in the company.
the ac functions under a set of written terms of reference which sets out its responsibilities as follows: a to review the scope and results of the audit and its cost effectiveness; corporate governance report 3. accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued b to review significant financial reporting issues and judgements to ensure the integrity of the financial statements of the company, and any formal announcements relating to the company’s financial performance.
d to review the assistance and co-operation given by management and the officers of the group to the auditors.
e to review the internal audit programme and ensure co-ordination between the internal auditors and independent auditors and management.
j to review the independence and objectivity of the independent auditors annually.
meter to make recommendations to the board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the independent auditors, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the independent auditors.
the ac is authorised to obtain independent professional advice if it deems necessary in the discharge of its responsibilities.
corporate governance report 3. accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued the ac is given full access to and has the full co-operation of the management, full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings, and reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions.
it meets with both the internal and independent auditors, without the presence of management, at least once a year.
in particular, key audit matters identified by the independent auditors were discussed with management and reviewed by the ac.
internal audit function the board recognises the importance of maintaining an internal audit function to provide an independent assurance over the soundness of the system of internal controls within the group to safeguard shareholders’ investments and the company’s assets.
the internal audit function has unfettered access to all the company’s records, documents, properties and personnel, including the ac, and has appropriate standing within the company.
3. accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued internal audit function continued the primary reporting line of the internal audit function is to the ac.
the ac has the responsibility to review the adequacy of the internal audit function annually, review the internal audit program and ensure co-ordination between the internal auditors, independent auditors and management.
the ac ensures that the internal auditors meet or exceed the standards set by nationally or internationally recognised professional bodies, and also decides on the appointment, termination and remuneration of the head of the internal audit function.
the ac is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent, effective and adequately resourced to perform its function effectively, and that it has the appropriate standing within the industry.
the company has engaged crowe llp “crowe” , an established auditing firm specialising in audit, tax and accounting to facilitate the provision of risk advisory, internal audit outsourcing and other consulting and advisory services, as the internal auditors.
the outsourced internal audit team is headed by mr. chia shu siang “mr chia” and mr. tan su long “mr.
the ac has reviewed the company’s internal control assessment and based on the internal auditors’, and independent auditors’ reports and the internal controls in place, it is satisfied that the outsourced internal audit function is independent, effective and adequately staffed by suitably qualified and experienced professionals.
3. accountability and audit continued 3.2 audit committee continued independent auditors continued cla prepares an audit plan for the group on an annual basis and presents such audit plan to the ac for its review and concurrence.
the ac is satisfied that cla and the audit engagement team assigned to the audit have adequate resources and experience to meet its obligations.
whistle-blowing policy to encourage proper work ethic and deter any wrongdoing within the group, the group has established a whistle-blowing policy, as approved by the ac and adopted by the board, for the purpose of providing a channel for the group's employees and external parties to raise concerns in good faith and in confidence about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters such as possible corruption, suspected fraud and other non-compliance issues.
the group is committed to a high standard of ethical conduct and adopts a zero-tolerance approach to fraud.
the whistle-blowing policy sets out the procedures for the whistle-blower to report on any incidents of misconduct or wrongdoing relating to the group and its officers.
should the ac receive reports relating to serious offences and/or criminal activities in the group, the ac and the board have access to the appropriate external advice where necessary.
there were no reported incidents pertaining to whistle-blowing during fy2022.
the board is accountable to shareholders and aims to provide them with a balanced and understandable assessment of the group's performance, position, and prospects by furnishing timely information and ensuring full disclosure of material information in compliance with statutory requirements and the listing manual.
management is responsible to the board, and the board itself is accountable to the shareholders.
the board encourages shareholder participation in the company's general meetings to stay informed on the group's developments.
general meeting procedures allow shareholders to raise questions relating to each resolution tabled for approval and to participate, engage, and openly communicate with the board and board committees.
the board supports and encourages active shareholder participation at shareholders' meetings.
the chairpersons of the ac, rc and nc are normally available at shareholders' meetings to answer questions relating to the work of these board committees.
to ensure that all shareholders have the opportunity to participate effectively in and vote at general meetings, voting at general meetings of the company are conducted by poll.
4.2 engagement with shareholders principle 12: the company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.
communication with shareholders is managed by the board.
5. managing stakeholder relationships 5.1 engagement with stakeholders principle 13: the board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.
there were no interested person transactions for the year ended 31 december 2022. sustainability report we are committed to building a sustainable future for the group and delivering long-term value and sustainable returns to all our stakeholders.
our stakeholders comprise shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers and service providers, regulatory authorities, bankers and the community.
while we continue to gear up for better profitability prospects and long-term growth, we continuously seek better avenues to integrate our sustainability efforts into the core of our daily operations.
the audit committee has recommended to the board of directors that the independent auditor, cla global ts public accounting corporation formerly nexia ts public accounting corporation , be nominated for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra” code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code” together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
the engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is hock xiu min, sandy.
a job support scheme “jss” is a temporary scheme introduced in the singapore budget 2020 to help enterprises retain local employees.
under the jss, employers will receive cash grants in relation to the gross monthly wages of eligible employees.
d audited by shanghai cla global ts certified public accountants.
3. alternative arrangements are put in place to allow members to participate in the agm by: attending, asking questions and communicating “live” in real-time at the virtual agm via electronic means.
a proxy need not be a member.
members are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email.
