this title puts a name to monde nissin's commitment to creating products and relationships for the betterment of the people and the planet.
it is the way monde nissin demonstrates one of its corporate values: care with action.
on the cover is monde nissin's symbol for sustainability: the north star of its corporate aspiration.
about the report the 2022 sr, titled making better possible® , is one of the ways monde nissin moves towards greater transparency and engages its stakeholders through the holistic reporting of monde nissin's economic, environmental, social, and governance impacts and initiatives.
corporate governance information: includes gri general disclosures on governance covering only the activities of monde nissin and gri topic standards covering both monde nissin and quorn foods.
monde nissin has also referred to the united nations sustainable development goals sdgs for its sustainability reporting to ensure the company's priority goals are aligned with and contribute to achieving relevant sdgs.
monde nissin corporation and its subsidiaries disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from any reliance, in full or in part, of the contents of this sr. ceo's letter to stakeholders to our valued stakeholders, our journey as a company is an ongoing process firmly rooted in monde nissin's corporate aspiration: to improve the well-being of people and the planet, and create sustainable solutions for food security.
since becoming a publicly-listed company in june 2021, the company has made significant strides in running a more sustainable, responsible business.
image description: a photograph of monde nissin factory workers.
image description: a photo depicting a community outreach or donation program.
executive messages yearly, the effects of climate change increase in intensity, disrupting livelihoods, production, and ecology.
countries vulnerable to the effects of climate change, some of which are major producers of key agricultural commodities, are experiencing the domino effect that extreme weather conditions have on business.
as a food and beverage business, monde nissin witnessed firsthand how these socio-environmental factors can create significant impacts on the stability of the industry.
at the same time, monde nissin's corporate aspiration reminds us that we must also create our own solutions where we can.
we did so while staying pragmatic in our fiscal management, balancing the stability of our business and ensuring we could remain resilient while sustaining the affordability of our products.
ensuring food accessibility also meant pursuing our strategies for growth and expanding the reach of our products.
on the local level, we continued to grow our community distribution network cdn composed of independent brand experts —individuals from our local communities that distribute monde nissin products, gaining a new source of livelihood.
more than delivering affordable food to our consumers, monde nissin continues to innovate our products to build a portfolio of healthier options.
consumer satisfaction and safety continue to be of utmost concern to us in 2022. monde nissin's stakeholders are assured of the quality of our food products, which undergo a number of quality and food safety management measures and are all registered pursuant to, and are compliant with the local regulations of the markets we operate in.
the challenges of the year have only served as a reminder to us that more can be achieved when we set our expertise, technology, and culture of innovation into motion.
in the coming years, we will continue to build our portfolio and innovate our products to bring food that is affordable, accessible, and healthier to the market and work toward making better food accessibility possible . our sustainability strategy will guide our manufacturing operations to adopt practices that are environmentally responsible.
while we have several wins in making eco-efficiency possible , there are still opportunities to pursue greener operations.
to share our future growth with our stakeholders, including our local communities, we will expand our cdn to include more independent brand experts in making inclusive growth possible . within the company, we will continue to empower our co-workers, making collective action possible to spur greater innovation and work hand-in-hand toward a sustainable future.
to all our stakeholders who have constantly been supporting monde nissin and its vision, thank you for standing by us.
we remain committed to creating a future of food where taste, health, and the well-being of the planet are all satisfied.
chief sustainability officer's message dear stakeholders, sustainability has always been a part of our operations at monde nissin.
through our 2022 sr, we declared not only our economic, environmental, social, and governance eesg impacts but also our intention to make genuine strides toward sustainability.
it all starts with our corporate aspiration that outlines what monde nissin has set out to achieve – sustainable solutions for food security.
on the global scale, hunger continues to be a challenge.
the united nations un reported that, since 2019, the prevalence of undernourishment rose, and hundreds of millions suffer hunger around the world.
monde nissin sustainability report: key achievements in 2022 making better possible® recognizing the company's role in sustainable development, monde nissin seeks to contribute through innovations and internal improvements geared toward food security.
in 2021, the "making better possible®" campaign was launched to communicate sustainability commitments and strategy to internal stakeholders.
its goal is to connect with stakeholders personally and inculcate sustainability into the general mindset of monde nissin, beginning with onboarding colleagues and enabling their participation.
as of 2022, significant progress was made on these targets, thanks to the concerted efforts of senior leadership and colleagues.
key achievements for monde nissin's sustainability strategic pillars in 2022 making better food accessibility possible a majority revenue share of fortified products and noodle products with reduced sodium.
making eco-efficiency possible shifted most plants to renewable energy, resulting in a significant decrease in greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions.
other initiatives led to significant reductions in energy consumption and water intensity.
making inclusivity possible provided livelihood opportunities through the cdn corporate development network . making collective action possible enabled product supply teams to set individual targets and suggest solutions, building their capabilities in line with monde nissin's culture of innovation for making eco-efficiency possible.
environmental wins overlapped achievements in making eco-efficiency possible and making collective action possible.
employee participation was crucial; the focus was on changing mindsets, building capacity, and enabling product supply teams to devise sustainable solutions tailored to their workplaces.
the cdn continues to provide livelihood opportunities to members of local communities.
while we accelerate our business operations and growth, we also aspire to become a business that remains responsible and sustainable.
this sr is a nod toward this commitment as we lay our performance and progress bare for our stakeholders to consider.
with the year 2022 done, monde nissin is looking forward to another year of milestones alongside our stakeholders.
armed with more insights and the commitment to do better, we are better equipped now, more than ever, to reach for our goals and develop stronger action plans moving forward.
marivic ng cajucom-uy chief sustainability officer there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
the company operates with the aspiration to improve the well-being of people and planet, and create sustainable solutions for food security.
these values are reflected in its product innovations and various aspects of its operations that create value for society and contribute to sustainable development.
the company's sustainability initiatives are governed and managed by the following bodies: board of directors: the board of directors is the highest governing body of monde nissin.
team members are responsible for driving strategy execution and tracking performance on sustainability focus areas and material topics.
sustainability operations team: the sustainability operations team, composed of monde nissin's sustainability work teams and subject matter experts, are responsible for the integrated initiatives and programs in day-to-day operations needed for achieving sustainability goals.
smfc is the manufacturer of monde bread, and walter bread, a healthy product line offering bread that contains fiber and wheat and has low or no sugar.
mycoprotein is a sustainable source of protein.
according to a report published in 2018 by carbon trust, a non-profit company providing specialist support on sustainability, the production of mycoprotein-based quorn mince results in only 7%, 11%, and 8% of beef's carbon, land, and water footprint, respectively.
similarly, the production of mycoprotein-based quorn pieces results in 29%, 36%, and 34% of chicken's carbon, land, and water footprint, respectively.
the process of making mycoprotein is "net protein positive" which means that the process results in higher protein content in the food system than where the process begins.
mycoprotein is now produced using over 88% green energy.
quorn-branded products satisfy a wide range of eating experiences, including food on-the-go, scratch cooking, convenience and meal centers, and are sold in a number of countries around the world.
sustainability at monde nissin the ingredients that make up monde nissin's sustainability commitment are equal servings of care for the planet, respect for society, and responsibility to consumers to provide them with better food.
monde nissin recognizes that practicing sustainability is a process; a process started by the company through integrating sustainability into its corporate plans, encouraging action, and enhancing awareness within the workplace.
monde nissin has reached several sustainability milestones over the years, guided by its corporate aspiration.
note: the image shows a large group photo of monde nissin employees at what appears to be the corporate aspiration launch.
products monde nissin provides nutritious, accessible, sustainable and great-tasting food options that enhance consumers' well-being.
national economy monde nissin promotes the equitable flow of value to its stakeholders and creates opportunities for the domestic market as it scales its positive impacts with its suppliers.
environment monde nissin innovates its end-to-end processes and adopts the best available technologies to be more efficient in using limited resources and achieving low carbon operations and pursuing its zero waste-to-nature initiative in collaboration with partners across the value chain.
governance monde nissin is an ethical organization that embraces good corporate governance and upholds a culture of integrity, accountability, and trust.
people monde nissin creates an inclusive and fair workplace that fosters a caring and collaborative culture, empowers people to reach their full potential, and promotes sustainability as a way of life.
local communities monde nissin grows responsibly where it operates by sharing economic opportunities with local communities and supporting community development programs that create livelihoods and uplift lives.
future readiness monde nissin continuously develops its environmental, social, and economic business strategies to actively shape the future of the food industry in a way that benefits society, the planet, and the company.
monde nissin also engaged with its employees, customers, and suppliers through focus group discussions and online surveys, while departmental representatives who directly engage with other stakeholder groups were interviewed.
the inputs gathered from the entire stakeholder engagement were used to inform the company’s sustainability strategy by seeking out various perspectives.
monde nissin’s governance leaders reviewed the materiality determination’s results and were involved in its finalization.
. the image shows monde nissin employees or stakeholders interacting.
monde nissin's sustainability framework and material topics monde nissin developed a sustainability framework that captures its identified material economic, environmental, social, and governance topics.
purpose well-being of the people and planet + create sustainable solutions for food security value to society addressing food security pivoting to a healthier and better portfolio resource efficiency: water usage materials efficiency climate impacts: energy usage greenhouse gas emissions waste management: solid and hazardous waste wastewater and effluents food loss plastic footprint: avoidance and reduction recyclability post-consumer waste responsible sourcing: raw material traceability supplier environmental and social assessment local sourcing key impacts human capital development: employee management diversity and inclusion employee benefits labor-management relations training and development occupational health and safety responsible growth in local communities: jobs created and supported inclusive distribution local employment local community development: csr programs calamity response business performance: economic performance good governance consumers: product accessibility better and healthier products product quality and safety responsible marketing complaint management promoting holistic well-being corporate governance mnc board of directors as supported by legal and compliance, risk, and corporate internal audit milestone 3: creating monde nissin's integrated sustainability strategy monde nissin identified priority strategic areas where the company is best positioned to create positive economic, environmental, and social impacts, and reduce negative impacts while delivering business value.
strategic pillars: priority un sdgs, product: 2 zero hunger , planet: 6 clean water and sanitation , 7 affordable and clean energy , 12 responsible consumption and production , 13 climate action , people: 8 decent work and economic growth , partnership: 17 partnerships for the goals table end.
north star targets majority revenue share of better and healthier products by 2030. other un sdgs supported 1 no poverty 3 good health and well-being 5 gender equality 9 industry, innovation and infrastructure 10 reduced inequalities 14 life below water 16 peace, justice and strong institutions planet - key targets 50% reduction in the scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025. 50% reduction in the water intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025. zero waste-to-landfill from manufacturing operations by 2025. 95% recycle-ready packaging by 2025. people - key targets 5,000 independent brand experts and 25,000 sari-sari stores provided with livelihood opportunities, and financial credit for sari-sari stores by 2030. diverse workforce all enjoying access to social safeguards and dialogue, and competency development by 2025. 100% of employees observing that sustainability is embraced in the way people act and decide in the company by 2030. milestone 4: embedding sustainability into monde nissin's operations monde nissin attributed its targets to particular departments or cross-functional teams with the objective of building a sense of ownership and empowering leaders to integrate sustainability into their functional, divisional, or business unit strategies.
they have a mandate to set targets and develop specific initiatives to achieve company-wide sustainability goals and drive the sustainability agenda.
they execute initiatives by deploying their own resources.
monde nissin's product supply teams also developed a visual review process that allows them to monitor other plants’ progress towards their respective targets, supporting comparability and collaboration.
sustainability governance role: board of directors : approval of the sustainability policy and framework; provide strategic guidance on sustainability goals and initiatives, and oversight over material sustainability issues and company response., review platform: board meeting, frequency: annual role: board committee corporate governance, nomination, and renumeration committee : review and endorsement of the sustainability policy and framework to the board; provide oversight over the implementation of sustainability policy and framework, review platform: board committee meeting, frequency: annual role: management team : provide strategic guidance across business units, sites, and functions and determine sustainability goals, initiatives and commitments; review and monitor progress of sustainability initiatives., review platform: management review, frequency: annual role: sustainability leadership team : engage relevant stakeholders to generate inputs that are relevant in developing strategies, goals and initiatives.
the sustainability leadership team and other contributors enhance report integration and reliability.
milestone 6: creating platforms for monde nissin's employees to take action monde nissin launched the making better possible campaign to align employees and enable their contribution to corporate aspirations and sustainable development.
the campaign cascaded information on sustainability concepts and initiatives.
the following platforms promote employee participation and volunteerism, rooted in the company's corporate aspirations and strategic pillars: meatless monday: a day when company canteens offer plant-rich options for healthier and more sustainable food choices.
. better@site monde: workplace policies and programs promoting responsible resource management and conservation.
. we@mnc care: an employee-driven community involvement program addressing the needs of neighboring communities through help and volunteerism.
. better me, better monde : programs and campaigns geared towards health and wellness, encouraging practices for improved well-being and peak performance.
. monde nissin corporation feature story: sustainability in action at monde nissin's davao plant monde nissin's manufacturing sites across the country do their part in driving environmental and social efforts within their own operations.
highlighted here is the davao plant's consistent engagement and collaboration with their employees, working hand in hand towards the company's sustainability causes.
meatless mondays every monday, the davao plant hosts meatless mondays, a campaign that promotes planet-friendly diets and provides employees with free plant-based meals.
alternatives such as soy and tofu are made available and prepared by the canteen staff.
this initiative is in line with monde nissin's belief that by reducing the consumption of meat, one can both decrease one's carbon footprint and improve nutrition.
single-use plastic ban in addition to meatless mondays, the plant implemented a single-use plastic ban.
this has resulted in several employee behaviors that lessen plastic use, including reduced fast food delivery orders and increased use of water flasks and tumblers.
exhibitors donated a minimum of 5% of their daily gross sales to cavanis sister's convent, an organization that provides free education to poor children and youth.
where we are now in 2022, monde nissin continued to find ways to improve its internal systems to better support the monitoring and execution of sustainability-related activities.
this includes monitoring associated risks and opportunities and promoting a company-wide sustainability mindset.
monde nissin's north star targets are the company's way of operationalizing its sustainability goals, which it believes it can only achieve through a sustainability-committed leadership and a concerted effort across all levels of the business.
to promote a unified approach to sustainability that places value in the collaborative contributions of its employees, monde nissin prioritizes building capabilities and a sustainability culture.
during the year, the company made several strides toward reaching its economic, environmental, and social targets.
strategic pillars : making better food accessibility possible , north star targets : majority revenue share of better and healthier products by 2030 50% reduction in the scope 1 & scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025, 2022 progress : 70% revenue share of fortified product portfolio 59% revenue share of sodium-reduced noodle products 23% reduction vs. 2021 baseline, priority sdgs : strategic pillars : making eco-efficiency possible , north star targets : 50% reduction in the water intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025 zero waste-to-landfill from manufacturing operations by 2025 95% recycle-ready packaging by 2025, 2022 progress : 23% reduction vs. 2021 baseline 5% of waste generated from monde nissin's manufacturing operations was disposed to landfill 94% recycle-ready packaging material in terms of volume , priority sdgs : strategic pillars : making inclusivity possible , north star targets : 5,000 independent brand experts and 25,000 sari-sari stores provided with livelihood opportunities and financial credit, respectively, by 2030 diverse workforce all enjoying access to social safeguards and dialogue, and competency development by 2025, 2022 progress : 1,000 independent brand experts provided with livelihood partnered with dti's small business corporation in the implementation of rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program catering to micro, small, and medium enterprises msmes that sell fast-moving consumer goods.
100% of employees with above minimum wage 100% of employees with medical benefits 36% female workers in the workforce and 49% in management positions 13.2 average training hours of training per employee per regular employee, priority sdgs : strategic pillars : making collective action possible , north star targets : 100% of employees observing that sustainability is embraced in the way people act and decide in the company by 2030, 2022 progress : launched the making better possible® campaign and provided platforms for employees to take action, priority sdgs : table end.
this covers products fortified with essential nutrients based on fda standards for lucky me noodles, monde nissin biscuits and monde nissin packaged cakes.
26 a better economy making inclusivity possible is about working toward inclusive growth for monde nissin's host communities and creating positive economic impacts.
collaborated with government-owned small business corporation in the implementation of rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program catering to msmes that sell fast-moving consumer goods.
in managing climate change risks such as inventory damage and supply chain disruption due to extreme weather conditions, the company has insurance policies to cover losses from damaged inventories and its environmental initiatives focus on eco-efficiency to minimize negative environmental impacts.
quorn foods strategy quorn foods' strategy aims to support the business purpose: "to provide healthy food for people and the planet".
feature story: collaborating to empower filipino msmes monde nissin collaborated with government-owned small business corporation to launch rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program for msmes.
the loan program aims to bolster msmes and amplify their successes after the challenges brought by the pandemic.
the program gives filipinos throughout the supply chain the opportunity for financial support by providing loans of up to philippine peso 5 million.
procurement practices monde nissin local sourcing is a practice that minimizes shipping and storage and increases local revenue among suppliers in the area.
with this in mind, monde nissin actively searches for local suppliers to manage supply chain disruption-related risks and to promote local economic development.
monde nissin's imported materials consume more fuel due to distance and thus, contribute to carbon emissions.
to address environmental and social concerns related to this area, the company is exploring further assessments on sustainability criteria.
the company is also aware that excessive procurement may result in increased waste.
monde nissin reuses packaging materials such as totes, plastic corrugated boards, and crates.
however, it currently does not have an available alternative for non-recyclable laminates, which it aims to resolve to better align with its eco-efficiency goals.
a specific procurement policy is currently undergoing review within the company alongside a review of alternative materials sourcing.
for 2023, the company is aiming for better benchmarking practices, value creation through increased governance, collaboration and strategic sourcing with vendors, and talent development.
caption: a photograph depicting a warehouse scene illustrating monde nissin's procurement practices.
quorn foods procurement practices quorn foods optimizes its procurement of materials through tendering, forward contacts, and other purchasing strategies to balance economic and operational needs.
it has various policies covering procurement practices, including delegations of authority to ensure segregation of duties and approval at appropriate seniority levels, and anti-corruption policies.
quorn foods undertakes regular senior management-level reviews of all procured items.
existing practices and policies ensure optimization regarding supply security and economic impact on the business.
table: proportion of spending on local suppliers disclosure: percentage of procurement budget used for significant locations of operations that is spent on local suppliers, monde nissin: 63, quorn foods: data not available, unit: % table end.
local items are those purchased through local suppliers and help create and sustain the local economy.
quorn foods does not currently define "local" as part of its procurement analysis, hence the unavailability of data.
a better planet making eco-efficiency possible is based on the concept of doing more with less.
it is about operationalizing conservation strategies and adopting green solutions to enhance efficiency in the use of resources while minimizing the creation of waste and pollution.
image showing relevant sustainable development goals icons monde nissin's north star targets 50% reduction in the scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025. 50% reduction in the water intensity of manufacturing operations by 2025. zero waste-to-landfill from manufacturing operations by 2025. 95% recycle-ready packaging by 2025. monde nissin's progress 23% reduction in scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity versus 2021 baseline 23% reduction in water intensity versus 2021 baseline 5% of waste generated from monde nissin's manufacturing operations were disposed to landfill 94% recycle-ready packaging material in terms of volume image of an edc geothermal plant site monde nissin corporation monde nissin's concerted efforts toward eco-efficiency collective action by monde nissin's product supply departments in 2022 resulted in a collaborative eco-efficiency initiative implemented across its manufacturing plants.
. monde nissin's corporate aspiration—to improve the well-being of people and the planet and create sustainable solutions for food security—requires a company-wide effort.
the company focuses on empowering its people to find ways to make progress toward its north star targets.
leveraging and linking standardized work systems, tailoring them to achieve goals per site.
monde nissin uses two key tools to monitor and improve its environmental footprint: loss analysis: identifying and understanding 100% of losses within the organization.
loss map: generating a map of losses pertaining to the organization's various environmental impacts.
in 2022, monde nissin's product supply teams monitored the environmental impacts of the company's manufacturing plants, collecting baseline data in 2021. the teams then aligned their eco-efficiency targets with monde nissin's corporate roadmap.
the following pillars were established: electricity: through renewed monitoring and mapping of electricity consumption, monde nissin identified areas to control utilities use e.grams., uniform settings for electrical appliances across all plants . water: benchmarking against industry best practices in water management allowed monde nissin to adjust processes for water conversion from operations, enabling reuse and application to other plant-wide activities.
steam: a continuous learning mindset enabled monde nissin to innovate systems for more efficient boiler use e.grams., optimizing start-ups and shutdowns, harvesting rainwater, and automating processes . energy by improving its processes through the eco-efficiency thrust, monde nissin minimizes its negative environmental impacts and optimizes its operations.
this approach enables its employees to identify the gaps and implement the necessary action programs to increase energy efficiency.
an energy conservation enercon team was set up and meets on a weekly basis to eliminate losses on electricity, steam, and water.
in july 2022, the following plant site locations shifted to renewable energy: laguna, batangas, and pampanga.
the cebu plant site switched to renewable energy last december 2022. the ongoing switch is a milestone in monde nissin's move toward opting for green energy.
monde nissin has also started to generate ideas and implement process optimizations and rate increases, enabling a 10% to 30% reduction in its utilities consumption.
through the initiatives of monde nissin's manufacturing plants, the company achieved a 21% reduction of its energy intensity in 2022. energy intensity reduction across monde nissin's manufacturing plants table: energy intensity gigajoules/metric ton of products produced location: laguna, energy intensity fy 2021 : 1.61, energy intensity fy 2022 : 1.2 location: pampanga, energy intensity fy 2021 : 4.12, energy intensity fy 2022 : 3.19 location: batangas , energy intensity fy 2021 : 1.57, energy intensity fy 2022 : 1.2 location: cebu, energy intensity fy 2021 : 0.97, energy intensity fy 2022 : 2.42 location: davao, energy intensity fy 2021 : 2.42, energy intensity fy 2022 : 2.33 location: total , energy intensity fy 2022 : 1.38, % reduction: 21% table end.
the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021. mfl sustainability initiatives mfl's goal: to achieve net-zero emissions in its operations by 2030 scope 1 & 2 and reduce scope 3 emissions by 50% by 2030. this will be achieved through energy efficiency projects and investments in renewables.
energy reduction roadmap: mfl's head of engineering developed a cost-per-metric ton strategy to guide initiatives and prevent negative impacts.
specific projects include: stokesley transformers stokesley high efficiency pumps belasis calcium phosphate reduction belasis ph correction belasis f5 harmonic filters 2023 plan: improve metering and monitoring across manufacturing sites to accurately benchmark progress.
once metering is standardized, energy use will be incorporated into accountability structures tiered meetings and reports . renewable energy exploration: mfl is conducting a feasibility study to explore renewable energy options at all sites and is also exploring the rationalization of utilities refrigeration and hot water at its stokesley site to reduce energy consumption.
table: energy intensity megawatt-hours/metric ton produced energy source: electricity, mfl: 1.23 energy source: steam, mfl: 1.30 energy source: gas, mfl: 0.77 energy source: kerosene, mfl: 0.00 energy source: lpg, mfl: 0.14 energy source: nitrogen, mfl: 0.11 energy source: carbon dioxide, mfl: 0.02 table end.
image shows solar panel installation.
feature story: starting the widespread transition to renewable energy through contracts with energy development corporation's edc's subsidiaries, monde nissin began shifting all of its philippine manufacturing plants, except the davao plant, to renewable energy in 2022. the davao plant's transition to renewable energy is also being planned.
the following plants have shifted to renewable energy: laguna, pampanga, and batangas – july 26, 2022 cebu – december 26, 2022 the move toward clean energy exemplifies the company's strategic pillars of making collective action possible and making eco-efficiency possible.
the initiative's successful start is attributable to monde nissin's willingness to collaborate with other like-minded organizations to work toward sustainable solutions.
at the same time, the shift is expected to reduce up to half of monde nissin's annual carbon emissions once completed, a significant achievement toward greening its production.
energy consumption table: energy consumption by plant fy2022 disclosure: biomass/coco shell, laguna plant: -, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, cebu plant: 7,547,684, davao plant: 618,160, total: 8,165,844, units: kilograms disclosure: solar panels, laguna plant: 1,299,804, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 1,299,804, units: kilowatt-hours disclosure: renewable electricity, laguna plant: 27,163,437, pampanga plant: 1,809,324, batangas plant: 1,986,770, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 30,959,531, units: kilowatt-hours disclosure: gasoline, laguna plant: -, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: -, units: liters disclosure: lpg, laguna plant: 1,845,900, pampanga plant: 1,726,791, batangas plant: 419,846, cebu plant: -, davao plant: -, total: 3,992,537, units: liters disclosure: diesel, laguna plant: 172,080, pampanga plant: 12,600, batangas plant: 8,000, cebu plant: 981, davao plant: 4,700, total: 198,361, units: liters disclosure: non-renewable electricity, laguna plant: 38,317,448, pampanga plant: 3,395,338, batangas plant: 3,083,185, cebu plant: 7,301,026, davao plant: 3,934,560, total: 56,031,557, units: kilowatt-hours disclosure: bunker fuel, laguna plant: 706,930, pampanga plant: -, batangas plant: -, cebu plant: 1,404,000, davao plant: -, total: 2,110,930, units: liters disclosure: coal, laguna plant: 28,651,210, pampanga plant: 7,893,732, batangas plant: -, cebu plant: -, davao plant: 7,522,795, total: 44,067,737, units: kilograms table end.
table: energy sources by megawatt-hours fy2022 disclosure: renewable source electricity , mfl: 41,952, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: renewable source steam , mfl: 44,098, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: lpg, mfl: 5,154, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: gas, mfl: 28,988, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: kerosene, mfl: 0, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: nitrogen, mfl: 4,314, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: carbon dioxide, mfl: 571, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: non-renewable steam, mfl: 4,900, units: megawatt-hours disclosure: non-renewable electricity, mfl: 4,388, units: megawatt-hours table end.
notes: monde nissin's cebu plant shifted to renewable electricity last december 26, 2022. monde nissin's davao plant has yet to switch to renewable electricity as government regulations regarding local retail electricity supplier contracting is not yet in effect.
the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021 thus baseline data is insufficient for energy reduction comparisons.
emissions: monde nissin managing emissions is important to monde nissin as greenhouse gases and other air pollutants generated from its operations can impact the environment and contribute to climate change, which can affect the availability of monde nissin's inputs or raw materials in the long run.
there are emissions standards and regulations that monde nissin is required to comply with, geared towards ensuring that its manufacturing processes produce as few detrimental impacts on the environment as possible.
each plant has a pollution control and safety officer who monitors emissions and their sources and updates permits and records of compliance.
in 2022, monde nissin's scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity decreased to 0.32 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent co₂e per metric ton of product produced compared to 0.41 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e per metric ton of product produced in 2021. greenhouse gas emissions table: scope 1 and scope 2 emissions by plant 2022 disclosure: scope 1 emissions , laguna plant: 60,473, pampanga plant: 14,472, batangas plant: 5,180, cebu plant: 5,407, davao plant: 13,773, total: 99,305, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e disclosure: scope 2 emissions, laguna plant: 30,522, pampanga plant: 2,633, batangas plant: 2,432, cebu plant: 5,200, davao plant: 3,068, total: 43,855, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e table end.
note: emissions from the use of biomass/coco shells were not included in the calculations for scope 1 emissions.
table: scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity by plant fy 2021 & fy 2022 plant: laguna, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.95, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.37 plant: pampanga, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.57 plant: batangas , scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.31 plant: cebu, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.42 plant: davao, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.55 plant: total , scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2021 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.75, scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas intensity fy 2022 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of products produced : 0.32 table end.
the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021. scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity reduction across monde nissin's manufacturing plants monde nissin is continuing to look for pathways to reduce its carbon footprint in its operations.
aside from optimizing energy use to reduce emissions, monde nissin has also invested in a 1.3mw solar project at its laguna plant.
the company has a biomass facility at the cebu plant which runs on coconut shells, while the batangas plant uses liquefied petroleum gas to power its boilers.
the company recognizes that adopting renewable energy may reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, resulting in cleaner air in the environment.
monde nissin signed power supply deals with edc's subsidiaries for the supply of green energy in the form of geothermal energy commencing on july 26, 2022, to reduce its operational carbon footprint.
it is also exploring less carbon-intensive alternatives to complement its efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
monde nissin aims to transition to a low-carbon economy and has set an ambitious target to reduce the scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity of its manufacturing operations by 50% in 2025. disclosure: scope 1 and 2 emissions mfl: 11,964 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity 305-4 table: scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas intensity disclosure: scope 1 and 2 emissions, mfl: 11,964, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e disclosure: volume of products produced, mfl: 37,641, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste disclosure: greenhouse gas intensity, mfl: 0.32, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e/metric ton of product produced table end.
note: for mfl, gasses included in the calculation for scope 1 emissions are ch₄, co₂, and n₂o.
firstly, the business tracks energy usage from invoices and corroborates this with meter readings to assess uninvoiced usage.
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions 305-5 table: reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by plant disclosure: scope 1 emissions, laguna plant: 21,321, pampanga plant: 1,274, batangas plant: data unavailable , cebu plant: 5,265, davao plant: 587, total: 23,267, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e disclosure: scope 2 emissions, laguna plant: 22,695, pampanga plant: 1,609, batangas plant: data unavailable , cebu plant: 657, davao plant: 557, total: 23,086, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste co₂e table end.
the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021 thus baseline data is insufficient for greenhouse gas emissions reduction comparisons.
however, the company is aware that, if not managed properly, accumulated waste from scraps and discarded materials can lead to land pollution.
post-consumer waste and waste leakage to bodies of water are also potential risks.
to have less landfill-bound waste, monde nissin aims to implement resource-efficient operations.
to make monde nissin's packaging more efficient, the company is reducing the usage of materials through a reduction in flexible packaging dimension and carton paper grammage.
packaging is continuously assessed for further reduction opportunities.
monde nissin's role in waste generation and management does not stop in the production process.
it is also crucial for the company to ensure the reduction of post-consumer waste going to landfill, whomever the consumer may be.
while packaging is essential in delivering quality products to its customers, monde nissin is working towards minimizing its plastic packaging footprint.
furthermore, 94% of monde nissin's plastic packaging volume is recycle-ready.
the company is also a member of the philippine alliance for recycling and materials sustainability parms , a non-profit organization dedicated to improving waste management.
monde nissin is one of the signatories and partner companies of parms members' group pledge "ambisyon 2030: zero waste to nature.” competitive intelligence is practiced to check how monde nissin's packaging compares externally.
mfl's procurement department ensures continuity of supply by obtaining multiple sources for the critical ingredients and a geographical spread of suppliers; it closely coordinates with the demand and supply planning team to ensure that appropriate stock levels are maintained.
monde nissin corporation solid and hazardous waste: monde nissin monde nissin acknowledges that proper waste management is essential in preventing or mitigating potential negative impacts on the environment, such as land and water pollution.
potential positive impacts include minimizing plastic footprint through innovation in packaging and responsible production.
monde nissin is improving its waste management practices by aiming to achieve zero waste to landfill from its manufacturing operations by 2025. in 2022, monde nissin continued its zero waste to landfill program across all sites, focusing on waste segregation and waste elimination.
key to the program is educating employees to identify, eliminate, and properly segregate waste.
in 2022, only 5% of waste generated from monde nissin's manufacturing plants went to landfill; 95% was recycled or diverted.
monde nissin will continue its program to achieve zero waste to landfill.
another 2022 milestone was working with accredited waste management companies to convert residual waste from the batangas and pampanga plants into fuel for cement plants.
mfl waste management waste-related impacts are generated within mfl's manufacturing activities.
mfl has set targets and goals for waste reduction, discussed and measured monthly.
mfl has a comprehensive waste management procedure encompassing all waste streams.
mfl utilizes a single contractor except for effluents , operating in accordance with iso standards 14001 and 50001 and complying with uk waste management regulations.
effluents undergo treatment to meet discharge standards.
100% of operational waste is recycled at mfl; food waste is sent for anaerobic digestion, and sludges from treated wastewater are used for anaerobic digestion or fertilizer.
waste reduction is central to mfl's cost control and sustainability agenda.
a dedicated she team ensures proper waste management to avoid waste-related impacts.
the team evaluates the management approach by gathering waste reports and conducting monthly reviews.
all solid waste is recycled, and liquid waste is cleaned before discharge into local water networks.
mfl has a group of "sustainability champions" aligning targets and ambitions, reviewed monthly.
there have been effective results, such as a reduction in food waste at the belasis site, with regular kpi reviews ensuring compliance and effectiveness.
converting ash to construction materials monde nissin's wet and dry ash waste from its coal boiler is hauled off by contractors for reuse as backfill material and a component of concrete hollow blocks and barriers.
waste generated, waste diverted from disposal, waste directed to disposal table: waste generated, disposed, and recycled 2022 category: total solid waste & non-hazardous waste generated , laguna plant: 15,413, pampanga plant: 4,062, batangas plant: 2,572, cebu plant: 2,774, davao plant: 4,258, total: 29,080, mfl: 37,609, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste category: total solid waste & non-hazardous waste disposed to landfill , laguna plant: 753, pampanga plant: 43, batangas plant: 106, cebu plant: 233, davao plant: 341, total: 1,476, mfl: 0, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste category: total solid waste & non-hazardous waste recycled/diverted from landfill , laguna plant: 14,660, pampanga plant: 4,019, batangas plant: 2,466, cebu plant: 2,541, davao plant: 3,917, total: 27,604, mfl: 37,609, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste category: % of waste disposed to landfill , laguna plant: 5, pampanga plant: 1, batangas plant: 4, cebu plant: 8, davao plant: 8, total: 5, mfl: 0, units: % category: % of waste recycled , laguna plant: 95, pampanga plant: 99, batangas plant: 96, cebu plant: 92, davao plant: 92, total: 95, mfl: 100, units: % table end.
table: hazardous waste generated and transported 2022 category: total weight of hazardous waste generated , laguna plant: 1,474, pampanga plant: 599, batangas plant: 109, cebu plant: 10, davao plant: 48, total: 2,240, mfl: 233, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste category: total weight of hazardous waste transported , laguna plant: 1,474, pampanga plant: 599, batangas plant: 109, cebu plant: 10, davao plant: 48, total: 2,240, mfl: 233, units: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste table end.
note: for mfl, data was collected from three of the business' waste management reports.
septic tank sludge is considered hazardous waste.
a portion of the hazardous waste generated and transported in 2021 was only recorded in 2022 because there was a delay in obtaining pampanga plant's hazardous waste id in 2021. water and effluents: monde nissin water is an essential resource for monde nissin's production and other office uses.
as a shared resource with nearby communities, monde nissin aims to enact water conservation initiatives and practice proper disposal of treated wastewater.
failing to do so can cause water pollution and soil degradation, affecting aquatic environments and nearby communities.
raw water is converted into: filtered water for general purposes cleaning, lavatory use soft water for machine equipment and space cooling chlorinated water for drinking process water for production reverse osmosis ro water for steam production rainwater directly discharges to a storm drain.
for all monde nissin plants, influent water goes to a wastewater treatment plant before being discharged to the municipal sewer system.
monthly influent and effluent sampling is conducted per department of environment and natural resources denr administrative orders dao 2016-08 and 2021-19 through denr-accredited third parties.
the profile of the receiving water body is considered.
monde nissin's laguna plant has a discharge permit issued by the laguna lake development authority pursuant to republic act ra no.
9275, or the clean water act of 2004. all other monde nissin plants have corresponding discharge permits from the denr.
on an operational level, monde nissin uses water for utilities and day-to-day operations.
2021: water intensity was 3.1 cubic meters per metric ton of product produced.
2022: water intensity decreased to 2.39 cubic meters per metric ton of product produced.
a majority of water is used for cleaning and sanitation of machines, space cooling, machine cooling, and steam generation.
while none of its manufacturing plants suffer from water shortages, monde nissin is taking measures to reduce consumption.
a loss elimination approach was implemented to improve facility efficiency, particularly regarding water use.
monde nissin continues to standardize and benchmark best-in-class solutions and control measures to reduce unnecessary water use.
monde nissin aims to improve water use efficiency in all areas of production with a 10% annual reduction target for water intensity.
through initiatives in its manufacturing plants, water intensity decreased by 23% in 2022 compared to 2021. monde nissin is also considering exploring rainwater harvesting and recycling effluents from wastewater treatment plants to further reduce freshwater consumption.
mfl water management mfl obtains its water from national suppliers; water is mainly used for product production at its manufacturing locations.
water is cleaned and treated at mfl's own water treatment plants or by a third-party effluent treatment plant.
mfl measures effluent quality against consent limits and minimum standards set by regulators and controlled by formal discharge consents including standards for hourly and daily volume, temperature, ph, toc, and cod . where sites discharge to a watercourse, consent limits and minimum standards are controlled by the environment agency.
where discharge is to the sewer, these are controlled by the local sewage company.
in the uk, discharge is legally controlled, and consents are written to control discharge quality, considering potential impact on receiving water and biodiversity.
mfl discharges cleaned water to rivers.
mfl measures water usage and undertakes periodic assessments against animal proteins via its sustainability report data capture.
it evaluates its management approach by comparing water used in production relative to output, against water used for animal protein.
mfl has an environmental discharge permit with minimum consent levels; it recently upgraded technology and built an additional treatment plant to further reduce its impact.
it also has an environmental management and effluent treatment policy.
mfl's compliance is checked daily within a sampling regime, analyzed internally and externally, and recorded to ensure compliance.
effluent treatment and water usage are reported daily and escalated as necessary.
champions groups and forums regularly discuss opportunities and propose plans.
table: water intensity reduction across monde nissin's manufacturing plants location: laguna, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton : 2.87, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton : 2.21 location: pampanga, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton : 3.41, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton : 2.65 location: batangas , water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton : 4.64, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton : 3.45 location: cebu, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton : 3.45, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton : 2.42 location: davao, water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton : 2.42, water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton : 2.01 location: total , water intensity fy 2021 cubic meters/metric ton : 3.1 , water intensity fy 2022 cubic meters/metric ton : 2.39 table end.
the batangas plant commenced operations only in october 2021. there was a 23% reduction in water intensity from fy 2021 to fy 2022. : a photograph illustrating water conservation.
monde nissin pampanga and batangas plants are sourcing their water supply from industrial parks.
table: water discharge and wastewater recycling cubic meters by plant plant: water discharge, laguna plant: 238,550, pampanga plant: 8,743, batangas plant: 13,620, cebu plant: 13,098, davao plant: 9,747, total: 283,758 plant: wastewater recycled and reused, laguna plant: 19,360, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, total: 19,360 plant: % of wastewater recycled, laguna plant: 7.51, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, total: 6.39 table end.
table: monde nissin mfl water data disclosure: water withdrawal, mfl: 809,281, units: cubic meters disclosure: water consumption, mfl: 809,281, units: cubic meters disclosure: water discharge, mfl: data unavailable, units: cubic meters disclosure: wastewater recycled and reused, mfl: 0 , units: cubic meters disclosure: % of wastewater recycled, mfl: 0 , units: % disclosure: water intensity, mfl: 21.50, units: cubic meters/metric ton of product produced table end.
all wastewater of mfl is treated and cleaned before it is discharged into national waterways.
a better society making better food accessibility is about innovating products and distribution systems to create food and beverages that are better for consumer health, aligned with their preferences, and within their reach.
making inclusivity possible is about embracing diversity at the workplace and giving equal opportunities, while also creating inclusive growth in host communities.
image shows icons related to un sustainable development goals sdgs monde nissin's north star targets majority revenue share of better and healthier products by 2030. 5,000 independent brand experts and 25,000 sari-sari stores provided with livelihood opportunities and financial credit, respectively, by 2030. diverse workforce where all have access to social safeguards, dialogue, and competency development by 2025. monde nissin's progress 70% revenue share of fortified product portfolio 59% revenue share of sodium-reduced noodle products more than 1,000 independent brand experts are part of monde nissin's cdn 100% of employees earning above minimum wage 100% of employees with medical benefits 36% female workers in the workforce and 49% female in management positions 13.2 average training hours of training per employee per regular employee image shows people purchasing monde nissin products care for employees employment manpower is one of the main resources needed for monde nissin to operate its plants and offices efficiently and effectively.
supporting and providing competitive benefits to well-managed employees results in a more motivated workforce and encourages employee retention.
monde nissin prioritizes local hiring and job creation by collaborating with local employment offices such as the public employment services office peso , and institutions such as the technical education and skills development authority tesda , meralco foundation, and schools for the targeted recruitment of manpower with the skills and qualifications needed for monde nissin's operations.
apart from these sources, monde nissin leveraged employer branding agencies to attract talent.
the company ensures sufficient manpower to keep its plants operating efficiently while ensuring the safety and well-being of onsite employees as they perform their duties.
onboarding processes were also streamlined and automated to make the entry for new recruits to monde nissin faster and smoother.
flexible work arrangements were adopted for certain positions while monde nissin provided support to employees to continue their assignments even when working from home.
for hybrid and onsite workers, facemasks, vitamins, and free meals were provided.
health and wellness programs were strengthened to support the employees’ physical and mental well-being.
quorn foods: employees quorn foods has a suite of human resource policies relating to the area of employment, understanding that the lack of benefits and support can make the business less attractive to potential candidates when advertising for vacant positions.
the business undertakes regular employee engagement surveys as well as offers a wide range of rewards to all employees through the qmunity system.
within this system is a q-dos award system where colleagues can nominate one another for embodying the values of quorn foods.
winners are then awarded vouchers to more than 600 shops.
in 2022, to help with the cost-of-living-crisis, quorn foods made a one-time payment to all employees outside of its short term inceptive plan stip scheme.
one of the tools to track the effectiveness of its human resource programs is the engagement survey.
of separated regular employees / average of total no.
of employees of current reporting year a holistic approach to health & wellness: the seven pillars of better me, better monde monde nissin launched these pillars to raise awareness on the different aspects that may affect health and wellness through informative campaigns and tailored programs: 1. physical: physical wellness programs aim to maintain or improve the physical health of employees and stakeholders through proper nutrition, exercise, preventative measures, and awareness talks.
2. family: the company adopts a family-centered approach and promotes family welfare through events that celebrate employees' families.
3. social & volunteerism: social wellness and employee volunteerism programs are monde nissin's approach to nurturing employees' relationships with each other and their communities through community engagement activities.
4. : image placeholder for a graphic representing the fourth pillar 5. mental: the company prioritizes the mental wellness of employees by including free online mental health services through its healthcare provider and providing free mental health webinars.
6. spiritual: programs under spiritual wellness strive to foster employees' intrapersonal well-being through programs like personal retreats.
7. financial: financial wellness programs mainly consist of activities and events that develop employees' financial literacy.
image placeholder for monde nissin logo monde nissin corporation training and development monde nissin training and talent development for employees enhances their skills and capabilities, and possibly, the quality of their work at monde nissin.
insufficient and mismatched training programs can create a mismatch between evolving business needs and employee skill sets, leading to missed organizational targets and low morale.
monde nissin is committed to providing training opportunities across different demographics to ensure the workforce can develop their careers and meet the constantly changing business requirements.
the company is also committed to upskilling its learning and people development team through external training and certifications.
monde nissin works with stakeholders to identify skills gaps and design bridging programs.
the company is scaling organizational learning capabilities by embracing digital.
the "lms365" rollout aims to make end-to-end learning from onboarding to retirement preparation digital and accessible.
the "coursera for business" pilot expands learning opportunities through employee self-directed learning.
year-on-year training and education programs increased from approximately 13,000 hours of training per employee in 2021 to approximately 36,000 in 2022, largely due to increased collaboration with internal stakeholders.
training attendance systems provide data to measure program reach, and evaluation systems create baseline measurements.
monde nissin plans to roll out a standard competency framework.
quorn foods quorn foods uses a skills matrix for production, engineering, and technical staff.
100% of employees are targeted to complete their personal development plan by the start of 2023. quorn foods has a training and development policy.
it provides job-specific training, technical support, on-the-job training, and financial support for qualifications and transition assistance on a case-by-case basis.
annual performance development reviews identify employee development needs, and programs are created to meet those needs.
reintegration programs are undertaken as needed e.grams., the recent belasis strike reintegration . operational training is tracked through skills matrices, and achievement against personal development goals is tracked via the online portal, qhub.
employee development programs monde nissin internal training courses external training and education through funding support provision of sabbatical periods with guaranteed return to employment quorn foods senior leadership program lab , funding of master's study technical training programs transition assistance pre-retirement planning for intended retirees retraining for those intending to continue working severance pay taking into account employee age and years of service job placement services assistance on transitioning to a non-working life in-house training delivered for those leaving non-discrimination, diversity, and equal opportunity monde nissin monde nissin fosters an inclusive work environment and culture which provides equal employment opportunities and respects every employee regardless of gender, religion, disability, or race.
this is done to avoid discrimination at the workplace which can lead to a less engaged workforce, poor well-being, and a high turnover rate.
diversity and equal opportunity are aligned with monde nissin's commitment to collaborate with empathy.
monde nissin respects every individual and provides everyone with equal opportunities for career growth.
this strategy is practiced during hiring, onboarding, ongoing employment, disengagement, and retirement periods.
monde nissin ensures that all employees are given equal opportunities in terms of career options, benefits, rewards, and salaries.
in monitoring whether inclusivity and non-discrimination are practiced at the workplace, a whistleblowing policy and mechanism are in place to address, among others, issues relating to diversity or equality.
in 2022, zero incidents of discrimination were reported.
the hiring policy also ensures that monde nissin creates a pool of diverse talents for its operations.
additionally, town hall sessions are conducted with employees to collect any feedback or suggestions to further ensure equal opportunities for all.
table: workforce composition by gender monde nissin category: male workers in the workforce, percentage: 36% category: female workers in the workforce, percentage: 64% category: female in management positions, percentage: 49% category: female in the board, percentage: 56% table end.
quorn foods quorn foods values diversity, understanding that it can bring in fresh thoughts and ideas to the business.
there were zero incidents of discrimination reported in 2022. quorn foods aims to eliminate the gender pay gap by 2030. it has an equal opportunities policy and a flexible working policy.
there was an equality, diversity, and inclusion edi forum formed in 2022, with membership from across the business.
the edi forum is made up of a cross-functional team of volunteers that review and improve edi practices and initiatives within the business.
an employee engagement survey that also tackles edi is carried out annually and reviewed by the human resources department.
quorn foods is currently developing its targets and action plan.
it also has non-discrimination and human resources policies that support inclusion and diversity.
table: workforce composition by gender quorn foods category: male workers in the workforce, percentage: 39% category: female workers in the workforce, percentage: 61% category: female in management positions, percentage: 41% table end.
a group photo of employees working together.
table: quorn foods - senior management gender disclosure: female, units: 25 disclosure: male, units: 75 table end.
table: quorn foods - middle management gender disclosure: female, units: 42 disclosure: male, units: 58 table end.
occupational health and safety safeguarding the health and well-being of its workers across sites is a priority for monde nissin, which it addresses through its ohs measures.
having a proper ohs management system in place also mitigates the risk of an increase in work-related injuries, fines, and reputational damage, workplace injuries, illnesses, and fatalities.
in 2022, monde nissin recorded zero work-related fatalities and ill-health.
it also established weekly safety drumbeats across its sites.
the drumbeat review covers key in-process safety measures which are visible up to the chief operations officer coo level.
in addition, monde nissin has started using safety trigger monitoring in each site to ensure the production line is safe to operate.
monde nissin also conducted weekly safety audits to check the conditions of equipment, working areas, and the behavior of people at each site.
the company sustains the implementation of the mandatory eight-hour safety and health mesh training safety course approved by the department of labor and employment dole occupational safety and health center oshc for new employees.
the company has also started conducting a safety training refresher for all employees, prioritizing the production group.
furthermore, the company also conducted a chemicals handling, storage, and disposal initiative in 2022. monde nissin provides comprehensive health benefits for its employees and dependents, which includes free consultations with the nurses and the company physician; health maintenance organization hmo cards and annual physical and medical check-ups for all regular employees, and free online mental health consultations.
monde nissin also promotes worker health by providing recreational facilities onsite for various sports and pastimes.
the company also has its employee wellness program, “better me, better monde ” for all employees.
monde nissin actively engages in regular sessions with its workers' representatives for the planning and formation of wellness programs.
monde nissin implements hazard identification, risk assessment, and control hirac in its operations which it reviews annually.
monde nissin is also upgrading the skills of safety officers by providing them with seminars and trainings conducted by reputable organizations.
employees are encouraged to immediately report any hazards to their superiors.
in case of incidents, monde nissin conducts a joint investigation led by a safety chairman and other members of the safety team to remove the risk immediately.
in 2022, monde nissin implemented several systemic interventions to prevent the occurrence of incidents, such as systems for observing behavior, analyzing job safety, and other health, safety, and environment-related assessments.
the company employs occupational health physicians and occupational health nurses.
they are kept updated with current trends and practices by attending the annual conventions of their organization and attending ohs training.
monde nissin plants have their own respective site clinics and emergency services.
the personal information and sensitive personal information of its employees are processed by monde nissin in accordance with the ra 10173, or the data privacy act of 2012 dpa . policies and programs relating to the processing of the personal information and sensitive personal information of monde nissin employees are checked by monde nissin's data privacy officer dpo . awareness programs are done on relevant health issues through webinars and information dissemination across digital boards.
every month, monde nissin has a safety meeting attended by all safety officers of each plant together with union representatives discussing the safety concern in the plant.
all monde nissin third-party contractors are required to have an ohs program and provide a safety team and safety leader in their organization before they start working at monde nissin.
mfl mfl has a comprehensive objective, goals, strategies, and measures ogsm agenda based on she improvements.
this system is independently audited annually to ensure compliance and there are also regular audits against procedures and policies.
it runs monthly meetings to discuss its agendas and mini-projects to all levels of the business.
each month it has an initiative that aligns with its projects and agendas.
areas needing support are identified and support is allocated to ensure mfl's goals are achieved.
monthly kpi meetings are also held to highlight any potential shortfalls or projects requiring further support.
all meetings should begin with discussing ohs as this is a current initiative that is being promoted through the business.
the promotion and awareness of its 'life saving behaviors' are done through monthly ogsm and kpi meetings.
403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7 all workers and workplace activities within the business are covered within the management system, from the factory to offices.
it has a comprehensive risk management profile within its system; all risk assessments are reviewed at a minimum of once per year.
all hazards are identified and control measures are implemented for all work activities.
all risk assessors are adequately trained and have the relevant qualifications to risk assessment activities.
from the results of its risk assessment reviews, it is able to compile a unique risk profile to ensure that adequate controls are in place and hazards are controlled.
it has an incident reporting process which is used for all accidents, incidents, and near-misses.
all staff are regularly reminded that should they encounter an unsafe condition or a workplace hazard that they are to make it safe if it is possible to do so and report the situation to their line manager.
when a workplace incident is raised it is assigned an investigating lead; this is normally someone with extensive knowledge of where the incident has occurred or the equipment/process involved.
these skills help in identifying and eliminating workplace hazards.
its welfare facilities are checked weekly and issues are reported and corrected.
all of its facilities for staff are compliant with welfare regulations.
it uses a third-party provider for occupational health and only authorized individuals are permitted access to the data.
annual occupational health appointments are attended; should a staff member be struggling in a role due to their health issues, alternative employment within the business would be sought.
it also has regular joint consultation committee meetings to discuss changes or relevant developments/suggestions to the system.
all managers must attend the institution of occupational safety and health iosh for managing safely, while all other employees must attend iosh for working safely.
mfl has an in-depth training package for all levels of employees with relevant refresher dates set.
all staff have annual occupational health appointments and should a referral be recommended further support will be provided.
it holds regular occupational health campaigns to remind and highlight issues to staff—ranging from mental health awareness days to protection from exposure to hazardous substances.
all tasks are comprehensively assessed and the assurance of the correct level of control is recommended to ensure the minimum amount of exposure to staff.
monde nissin corporation workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system, work-related injuries, work-related ill-health table: monde nissin occupational health and safety data metric: safe man-hours of training per employee , laguna plant: 4,536,081, pampanga plant: 592,833, batangas plant: 413,839, cebu plant: 1,387,567, davao plant: 513,893, brixton office: 96,000, makati office: 192,000, total: 7,732,213, units: hours of training per employee metric: no.
of safety drills , laguna plant: 2, pampanga plant: 2, batangas plant: 2, cebu plant: 2, davao plant: 2, brixton office: 1, makati office: 1, total: 12, units: metric: total recordable incident rate trir , laguna plant: 0.97, pampanga plant: 1.67, batangas plant: 2.9, cebu plant: 0.43, davao plant: 0.39, brixton office: 0, makati office: 0, total: 0.95, units: % metric: percentage of workers not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by the ohs management system , laguna plant: 0, pampanga plant: 0, batangas plant: 0, cebu plant: 0, davao plant: 0, brixton office: 0, makati office: 0, total: 0, units: % table end.
table: monde nissin mfl occupational health and safety data metric: safe man-hours of training per employee , value: 2,039,230, units: hours of training per employee metric: no.
of recordable work-related injuries , value: data unavailable, units: metric: no.
of work-related fatalities , value: 0, units: metric: no.
of recordable work-related ill-health , value: 0, units: metric: no.
of safety drills , value: 150, units: metric: total recordable incident rate trir , value: data unavailable, units: % metric: percentage of workers not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, who are covered by the ohs management system , value: 25%, units: % table end.
notes: data on the left table was calculated based on 200,000 hours of training per employee worked.
the main types of work-related injuries are superficial injuries and open wounds.
identified through hirac, machine hazards pose risks for such injuries.
to minimize these risks, education to all employees behavioral observation system and quick risk prediction , safety trigger monitoring, and defect finding and fixing are implemented.
safe man-hours of training per employee = total working man-hours of training per employee - loss work days and up.
the data in the right table is gathered based on each employee working 37.5 hours of training per employee per week, as per she best practice.
the business she management system is regularly audited both internally and externally around the plan, do, check, and act process to ensure conformity.
all incidents are reported and thoroughly investigated with accurate root cause analysis to prevent reoccurrence.
work-related injuries include slips, falls, and trips.
mfl operates a monthly risk assessment review to ensure that measures remain adequate.
mfl also has local exhaust ventilation lev in the area which improves airflow.
labor-management relations monde nissin prioritizes a harmonious working relationship with its employees and provides venues for them to express concerns.
monde nissin's people and culture department is primarily responsible for labor-management relations programs, including meetings with the union.
labor-management relations also include non-unionized members participating in employee engagement programs focused on productivity, wellness, and health.
all employees are invited to town hall meetings and training programs.
the company conducts quarterly town hall meetings per division, corporate town halls, and quarterly meetings with union leaders.
quorn foods labor-management initiatives 2022 quorn foods implemented the following initiatives: meeting and communication structures with collective bargaining leads and groups.
catalog of official quorn foods policies and guides for legal and official processes, with development training for leaders.
communication and engagement initiatives agreed upon between all groups, increasing leadership capability.
child labor and forced labor monde nissin compliance with policies against child labor and forced labor results in a satisfied workforce that feels that the company respects them and cares about their rights and welfare.
in line with the provisions on young workers in presidential decree 442, as amended, or the labor code of the philippines labor code , particularly the labor code's article 137 on the minimum employable age in the philippines, the company has not employed any person below 15 years of age, except when they work directly under the sole responsibility of their parents or guardian, and the employment does not in any way interfere with their schooling.
further, for those on on-the-job-training ojts who were assigned to undergo training and are between 15 and 18 years old, the company has ensured that they only work on such a number of hours of training per employee and such periods of the day as would not interfere with their regular classes.
monde nissin has an anti-modern slavery statement that denounces the hiring of undocumented or underage workers as well as the use of forced, bonded, and involuntary labor.
this is fully implemented in monde nissin's hiring policies by the people and culture department.
at monde nissin, zero operations were identified to have significant risks for incidents of child labor and young workers exposed to hazardous work, as well as forced labor.
the company does not withhold any identity papers or require compulsory deposits, nor does it compel workers, under threat of firing, to work extra hours of training per employee not previously agreed.
quorn foods quorn foods follows laws that prohibit any form of child labor and forced labor.
disclosure table: child labor and forced labor disclosure company: monde nissin , no.
of legal actions or employee grievances involving forced or child labor: 0, do you have policies that explicitly disallow violations of labor laws and human rights e.grams., harassment, bullying in the workplace?: y, policy against forced labor: y, policy against child labor: y, human rights policy: y company: quorn foods , no.
of legal actions or employee grievances involving forced or child labor: 0, do you have policies that explicitly disallow violations of labor laws and human rights e.grams., harassment, bullying in the workplace?: n, policy against forced labor: n, policy against child labor: n, human rights policy: n table end.
clause 5: no modern slavery monde nissin will not engage in the exploitation or illegal hiring of undocumented or underage workers.
monde nissin is committed to ensuring that its global supply chain adheres to this commitment.
clause 3: equal opportunity and non-discrimination monde nissin is an equal opportunity employer that values integrity, merit, and competence in its employees.
monde nissin will not tolerate discrimination, whether within or without monde nissin . monde nissin will provide equal opportunity for all in recruitment, career development, promotion, and compensation without regard to race, color, religion, gender, nationality, or geographical origin or roots, ancestry, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.
in 2022, products fortified with essential nutrients accounted for 86% revenue share of the lucky me noodles portfolio.
the sodium reduction initiative for lucky me the sodium reduction initiative for lucky me , which started in 2020, continued into 2022. in 2022, 288 million servings of lucky me products were sodium-reduced, accounting for 59% of instant noodles revenue.
milky me: a better-for-you instant mami part of monde nissin's thrust to promote healthier eating is the launch of lucky me milky me, which has 25% less sodium, is a source of vitamin a and iron, and has milk added.
it aims to encourage parents to have mealtimes with their family regularly and be involved in their lives one meal at a time.
over the years, the advocacy gained recognition through marketing and values awards from various institutions around the country.
it was institutionalized by presidential proclamation no.
edukasyonasks: moms, how do you make learning fun with your kids?
nissinlandia nissinlandia was launched to make learning at home a more pleasant experience for moms and their kids.
in 2022, nissin wafer, breadstix, and eggnog handed out free fun sticker sheets and back-to-school baon kits to selected mothers to acknowledge that kid-friendly snacks can make learning at home a happy time.
learning made fun with letters monde nissin ran the project play campaign for a limited time for nissin breadstix, a favorite brand of children throughout the philippines.
under project play, breadstix biscuits were turned into fun letter-shapes to make learning time more fun and creative for mothers and their children.
customer health and safety monde nissin creating products that are sustainable and building a healthier portfolio is key to monde nissin's business goals.
therefore, consumer health and safety is of utmost importance.
milky me instant mami was also fully launched with 25% less sodium and serves as a source of vitamin a and iron and added with milk.
furthermore, monde nissin continues to pursue its annual sodium reduction targets in its noodles.
monde nissin is committed to ensuring the quality of its food products, implementing several quality and food safety management practices such as hazard analysis critical control point haccp , gmp, and food fraud and food defense.
additionally, all monde nissin products undergo control measures before being released to trade.
monde nissin also closely coordinates with cross-functional teams during weekly drumbeat and monthly alignment meetings for any compliance, safety, and regulatory issues.
currently, the laguna and cebu plants are food safety system certification fssc 22000-certified.
the remaining manufacturing plants of monde nissin in the philippines are gearing towards the same food safety certifications.
quorn foods quorn foods is investing in research to better understand the health effects of its products and discovering solutions to produce healthier products for consumers.
it is also a source of protein and fiber.
to manage the risk of being not up-to-date with government regulations regarding food safety, all new products must meet minimum nutritional standards.
profiles incorporate nutrients to limit as well as nutrients to promote, which are globally applicable.
product guidelines on nutrition must be followed as part of the new product development stage gate process.
for existing products exceeding national salt reduction targets, a salt reduction program has been initiated.
quorn foods is also making investments in research to better understand the health benefits of mycoprotein while building communication with health professionals.
4 incidents: unable to contact complainant to close the incident.
assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories disclosure incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services disclosure image shows various monde nissin products, including breadsticks and fita crackers.
in enhancing the positive impacts of its labeling on consumer well-being and contributing to plastic avoidance, monde nissin's lucky me has front-of-pack labeling of calories, while the mini go cup adopted the direct dispensing of garnish reducing plastic by up to 28.4 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste.
through its marketing, monde nissin utilizes a holistic approach to promote positive values such as morals, health, family time, and fun learning.
all above-the-line campaigns are carried out responsibly as evaluated by the philippine ad standards council asc and are up to date with responsible marketing principles.
quorn foods quorn foods enhances positive impacts by supporting consumer well-being through the provision of nutrition information and education on the principles of healthy eating to enable consumers to make informed food choices.
through marketing and labeling, quorn foods is able to tell its story related to sustainability and the health benefits of its products.
. image shows monde nissin products and children engaging with them in a kitchen setting.
of substantiated complaints on marketing and labeling, monde nissin: 5, quorn foods: 0, units: category: no.
of complaints addressed, monde nissin: 5, quorn foods: n/a, units: table end.
of substantiated complaints on marketing and labeling, monde nissin: 3, quorn foods: 0, units: category: no.
of complaints addressed, monde nissin: 3, quorn foods: 0, units: table end.
requirements for product and service information and labeling table: requirements for product and service information and labeling 417-1 disclosure category: sourcing of components, monde nissin: n, quorn foods: n, notes: country of sourcing for all raw materials is recorded as part of our processes, but not necessarily reported on pack disclosure category: content environmental/social impact , monde nissin: y, quorn foods: y, notes: allergen and nutrition information are declared on all packs; palm oil and soy are reported under rspo and rtrs labeling requirements.
disclosure category: safe use of the product or service, monde nissin: y, quorn foods: y disclosure category: disposal environmental/social impacts , monde nissin: y, quorn foods: y, notes: cooking instructions are included on all packs that are not ready-to-eat; recyclability information is included on all packs disclosure category: significant product/service categories, monde nissin: 100%, quorn foods: 100% table end.
to do so, monde nissin piloted a team selling concept.
apart from this, monde nissin does yearly business reviews to agree on targets, kpis, and budgets.
this study was a syndicated survey open to all interested suppliers and retailers.
the ranking was based on four performance dimensions: the companies' ways of working and advocacy-building, the companies' operational effectiveness, the companies' suitability as a long-term partner, and the companies' ability to identify opportunities and thrive in a changing landscape.
to further improve the effectiveness of its initiatives, monde nissin plans on expanding the coverage of the piloted initiative and brainstorming more methods among the teams to improve current processes.
ranking among more than 25 fmcgs also included in the study by the advantage group, international, inc.
score from a survey on whether consumers would consider buying quorn and cauldron products.
score from a survey on whether consumers favor quorn and cauldron products.
contractual safeguards are in place to ensure that the relevant counterparties comply with the data privacy laws.
to improve its data processing initiatives, the data privacy team is in collaboration with the it department to develop a comprehensive online tool to ensure that all data processing systems with monde nissin are captured and monitored and a privacy impact assessment conducted for each data processing system.
quorn foods does not conduct ecommerce directly with its consumers.
refers to a non-notifiable data breach that occurred in april 2022 and involved monde nissin's data subjects where responses of job applicants via an online form during a recruitment fair can be viewed.
monde nissin takes data security seriously.
all security incidents are centrally logged through an it service desk to which a security incident team responds promptly and centrally.
it subscribes to security training and awareness programs and campaigns throughout the year, including against phishing to educate and raise security awareness among employees.
monde nissin data security and quorn foods data security monde nissin updates its policies, tools, processes, and user education, including mandatory security awareness training and orientation for all staff.
security incidents are logged centrally for analysis, monitoring, and visibility.
table drills on data privacy and cyber security awareness are conducted with different departments to ensure preparedness for incidents.
security awareness trainings are mandated for all new hires, along with a whole-year curriculum covering email security, internet security, mobile device security, wifi, password authentication, social media, and human firewall.
quorn foods data security quorn foods upholds data security and aims to have no data breaches.
refers to the same non-notifiable data breach that occurred in april 2022 and involved monde nissin's data subjects where responses of job applicants via an online form during a recruitment fair were viewed.
care for local communities monde nissin monde nissin aims to continue to include its host communities in equitable growth by sharing economic opportunities and supporting community development.
among the methods by which monde nissin contributes to its local communities are through its cdn and its relief operations.
its mission is to execute sustainable business models: first, relevant to the needs of the categories that it is in, and second, that are viable and profitable for its stakeholders.
an integral part of this channel are the dealers that recruit, train, and develop small entrepreneurs who are also referred to as the independent brand experts.
as of december 2022, monde nissin has 25 dealers and more than a thousand independent brand experts in key cities in luzon.
additionally, monde nissin contributes to its local communities through corporate social responsibility initiatives.
in 2022, monde nissin provided assistance to those affected by calamities such as typhoon paeng.
almost 60,000 cases of monde nissin products were donated for 2022. moving forward, monde nissin aims to continue collaborations with foundations like gma and abs-cbn to extend help in times of calamities, while working alongside companies such as small business corporation for microfinancing programs.
this is targeted at individuals and families who are experiencing food poverty.
quorn foods continues to undertake talks with universities and schools on sustainable food.
it has partnerships with liverpool fc to match donations to foodbanks from their fans and the british dietetic association to recommend climate-friendly diets for their patients.
feature story: a season of giving back monde nissin employees engage communities for christmas tree project monde nissin's we @ mnc care is a platform for encouraging employees to become volunteers for outreach programs.
under this platform, monde nissin carried out its community christmas tree initiative in 2022. by donating philippine peso 100, employees receive a star which they can use to decorate the community christmas tree.
the laguna plant selected the chosen children village as the beneficiary of its community christmas tree.
through donations, the company donated computer sets to children for their online classes and other necessities.
elisha anne del rosario, a key accounts specialist, expressed that such experiences are important.
ms. del rosario recounts, “i’ve been working in monde nissin for five years now and it’s no surprise that the company values people and the communities around us—a value that is aligned with my personal values.
this value not only manifests in employee volunteerism programs for communities and organizations outside the company, but also through the company’s care for its employees in every aspect of our personal and professional life.” employee volunteerism is one of monde nissin’s seven pillars of health & wellness, a framework that adopts a holistic perspective on health and well-being.
exercising good governance at monde nissin, leadership is guided by the values of good governance and the company's aspiration.
in this regard, monde nissin is committed to acting in compliance with the anti-bribery laws in all of the countries in which it operates, with the highest standards of ethical business practice and conduct.
to increase the coverage of the abc training program, monde nissin has acquired new licenses and will roll-out dedicated training modules for rank-and-file employees.
the company also developed a condensed training video based on the abc training program in filipino.
the condensed training video communicates the topic in the employees' primary language, making it easier to understand for employees across monde nissin, including those in operations and the warehouses.
the business also tracks gifts from suppliers and potential suppliers through individual declarations of staff in this area.
however, updated training has not yet covered new employees.
other policies monde nissin's comprehensive set of anti-bribery and ethics policies include: code of conduct and ethics anti-bribery and corruption policy guidelines for gifts, entertainment, hospitality and sponsored travel whistleblowing policy conflicts of interest policy guidelines for engaging business partners guidance for corporate transactions guidelines for the conduct of internal investigations guidelines for corporate sponsorships, charitable donations and political contributions monde nissin's whistleblowing policy aims to provide a platform for employees, contract counterparties, and other stakeholders to raise serious and sensitive concerns of suspected improper activities relating to the business of monde nissin; ensure that such concerns are treated, handled, and/or addressed seriously and appropriately; and provide assurance that any person raising a concern in good faith will be protected from reprisals or retaliation.
the board of directors’ responsibility to oversee that an appropriate internal control system is in place within the organization is embodied in monde nissin’s revised manual on corporate governance cg manual and the board of directors’ charter board charter . monde nissin’s corporate governance, nomination, and remuneration committee cg-nrc champions adherence to and the implementation of monde nissin’s conflict of interest policy and, to the extent applicable, monde nissin’s material related party transactions policy mrpt policy which provide for monitoring and management mechanisms for material related party transactions mrpts , or actual or potential conflicts of interest involving or which may involve monde nissin’s shareholders, directors, officers, employees, and other stakeholders.
monde nissin’s cg manual and mrpt policy require directors to notify the board of directors before accepting a directorship in another company.
board of directors: receiving input from shareholders and overseeing the organization.
board committees: these include: corporate governance, nomination, and renumeration committee audit committee risk and related party transactions committee ceo and senior management: reporting to the board of directors.
executive committee: a key decision-making body.
support functions: including finance management, legal and compliance, corporate internal audit, and risk.
external auditor: providing independent audits.
chief compliance officer: ensuring compliance with regulations.
corporate secretary: responsible for corporate governance matters.
rest of the organization: the broader employee base.
unless the board of directors has delegated to management the authority to implement any initiative, all concerns are brought up to the board of directors, whether directly or through the board of directors' committees board committees; i.e., the cg-nrc, the audit committee, the rrptc, and the executive committee . where a matter has been expressly delegated to management, management timely apprises the board of directors and/or the relevant board committee of significant updates and developments.
graduated from nanyang university, singapore, majoring in industrial and business management.
received her bachelor of arts, majoring in finance, from lehigh university, pennsylvania, usa, and her master of business administration from pepperdine university, california, usa.
graduated from nanyang university singapore with a bachelor of commerce degree.
graduated from assumption college with a bachelor of science in commerce, majoring in business management.
graduated from the institute of technology, surabaya, indonesia with a bachelor of science, majoring in chemical engineering, and a master of science in chemical engineering, and finished us-based ecornell university's plant-based nutrition certificate program.
graduated from the standard college of singapore with a bachelor of science, majoring in accounting.
received a bachelor of science degree in business economics from the university of philippines magna cum laude and a masters degree in development economics from williams college, massachusetts, usa.
received her bachelor of science in commerce, accounting from the university of santo tomas.
held oversight and board level responsibilities in asia for global emerging markets and group operations across risk control, portfolio management, operations, human capital, and client services at the capital group companies.
holds a bachelor of arts honours in experimental psychology from oxford university.
the cg-nrc is also responsible for ensuring that monde nissin has an effective, secure, and efficient voting system.
a third-party service provider is engaged to provide an online voting platform for shareholders, and an independent auditor performs independent testing of said voting platform and validates the votes cast by shareholders.
further, monde nissin's cg manual states that the membership of the board of directors should be diverse in order to avoid groupthink and to ensure that optimal decision-making is achieved.
board training and evaluation directors are required to attend a specified number of hours of training per employee of continuing training on corporate governance and other related topics at least once a year, as prescribed by the securities and exchange commission.
the cg-nrc recommends relevant training for directors.
for staff and above, 99.7% have received anti-corruption training.
for rank and file, 7.7% have received anti-corruption training.
monde nissin's board and board committees are supported in their governance functions by management.
certain independent officers exercising control functions also assist the board of directors and the board committees, namely, the corporate secretary/chief legal counsel, the chief compliance officer, the chief risk officer, and the chief internal audit executive.
currently, the audit committee's members, including its chairperson, are all independent directors.
function: serves to enhance the board of directors' oversight capability over monde nissin's financial reporting, internal control system, internal and external audit processes, and compliance functions.
corporate governance, nomination, and remuneration committee cg-nrc chairperson: marie elaine teo independent director members: romeo l. bernardo lead independent director nina perpetua d. aguas independent director under monde nissin's by-laws and cg manual, the cg-nrc shall be composed of at least three 3 non-executive directors, all of whom, as much as possible, should be independent directors, including its chairperson.
currently, the cg-nrc's members, including its chairperson, are all independent directors.
function: assists the board of directors in the performance of its corporate governance responsibilities, supervises the nomination and selection of directors, recommends the proper remuneration of directors, oversees the periodic performance evaluation of the board and the board committees, and recommends relevant training for directors.
currently, the rrptc's members, including its chairperson, are all independent directors.
function: oversees the company's enterprise risk management framework and system, and reviews mrpts.
received his degree in bs management – honours program from ateneo de manila university.
received his bachelor of science in electrical engineering magna cum laude from silliman university.
samuel c. sih chief commercial officer he has degrees in bs commerce, a major in business management, and graduate studies – management from de la salle university.
has degrees in bs applied economics and bs marketing management from de la salle university.
michael j. paska chief investor relations director previously: independent consultant at the asian development bank, and was connected with edtech capital advisors, amalgamated investment bancorporation, fortman cline capital markets, groveland capital, whitebox advisors, wachovia securities now wells fargo , progress energy now duke energy , andersen consulting now accenture, and the us'central intelligence agency cia . he has a bachelor of science in electrical engineering from the university of minnesota, a master of economics from north carolina state university, and an mba from the university of chicago.
received her bachelor of arts in economics cum laude from the university of the philippines.
member, integrated bar of the philippines, up women lawyer's circle, inc., good governance advocates and practitioners of the philippines, and harvard club of the philippines foundation, inc.
certified compliance officer, center for global best practices.
completed data protection officer foundational and certification course, a joint offering of the university of the asia and pacific and center for research and communication.
scholastica's college.
member, good governance advocates and practitioners of the philippines.
certified compliance officer, center for global best practices.
completed data protection officer foundational and certification course, a joint offering of the university of the asia and pacific and center for research and communication.
certified compliance officer, center for global best practices.
completed data protection officer foundational and certification course, a joint offering of the university of the asia and pacific and center for research and communication.
elvira s. mensalvas quality assurance qa department head also: director, philippine chamber of food manufacturers, inc., and trustee, gs1 philippines, inc.
received her bachelor of science degree in food technology from the university of the philippines; member of the philippine association of food technologists.
luzviminda m. mercurio chief people and culture officer previously: vice president for hr-training and staffing, ge consumer finance; hr and organization and talent development manager, mondelez philippines previously kraft foods philippines ; regional learning and development lead – asean region, general electric; and chief executive officer.
received her bachelor of arts in communication from the university of the philippines; finished the leadership and management development program of the ateneo graduate school of business.
received her bachelor of science in math, major in computer science from ateneo de manila university and her master of business administration, major in information technology from university of western sydney.
making collective action possible monde nissin knows that sustainability solutions can'tonnes be achieved by the company alone.
making better possible® can be achieved when like-minded individuals and organizations with common goals work together with internal and external stakeholders toward sustainable development.
in line with its strategic pillar of making collective action possible, monde nissin has forged cooperations and collaborated with organizations that share this common goal.
making collective action possible economy in envisioning a better economy, monde nissin works with partners and suppliers who can help invigorate its value chain and promote economically and socially sustainable impacts for the stakeholders involved.
monde nissin collaborated with government-owned small business corporation to launch rise up tindahan, a loan assistance program that can empower msmes by providing them with much-needed financing after the economic hardships brought about by the pandemic.
planet in making solutions for a better planet, monde nissin joins like-minded organizations and aligns itself with national and global strategic initiatives that act on climate change and environmental issues.
conscious of the impacts of unsustainable packaging on the environment, monde nissin is a member of parms, which works toward improving waste management practices across philippine organizations.
monde nissin continuously finds ways to reduce packaging usage, improves the number of recyclable packaging it uses, and adopts a zero waste-to-landfill approach in its operations.
society in caring for a better society, monde nissin amplifies its positive societal impacts by building an accessible, healthier, and better product portfolio.
pcfmi , the company takes part in supporting research projects that focus on affordable and nutritious food products that are fully-compliant with local and international standards on food safety.
governance in committing itself to upholding ethical governance, monde nissin's oversight and strategic guidance is provided by the board of directors as the champion of ethical and good governance, and is steered towards that aspiration on a day-to-day basis by its top-level cross-functional management team that engages in leadership across the company's different business units and functions.
key leaders with an intimate relationship with control and good governance include the chief compliance officer, the chief internal audit executive, the chief risk officer, and the chief legal counsel.
monde nissin's legal & compliance, risk, and internal audit teams provided ready assistance to management and other leaders in ensuring that monde nissin's governance systems are functioning and reliable.
association: philippine chamber of food manufacturers, inc., description: the principal organization of the manufacturers and distributors of food products in the philippines, with the responsibility of providing to the consumers, safe, nutritious, and affordable processed food products that are compliant to local and international standards and regulations., role: monde nissin's representative holds a board position.
monde nissin contributes to research projects of the organization.
association: world instant noodles association, description: to accumulate and share information about technical issues related to the quality development of instant noodles so that people can enjoy instant noodles with safety and trust., role: monde nissin's representative is part of the board of governors.
association: philippine alliance for recycling and materials sustainability, description: promotes stakeholder collaboration leading to sustainable consumption and production, reducing the country's waste footprint., role: monde nissin is an investing partner in the organization.
association: philippine institute for supply management, description: the country's premiere professional association of supply management practitioners., role: monde nissin's representative holds a board position.
annex b: environmental data recycle-ready packaging materials disclosure: % of recycle-ready packaging materials in terms of volume , monde nissin: 94, mn uk: 65, units: % table end.
note: monde nissin on september 8, 2022 settled a php4.46m assessment by the laguna lake development authority llda from a 2017 measurement of its total plant effluents vis-à-vis 1990 revised effluent standards for inland water class "c" in certain parameters.
monde nissin beginning august 6, 2018 has been found by the llda to have passed relevant effluent standards.
monde nissin received the assessment on august 25, 2022 with finality within 15 days from receipt of notice, or on or before september 9, 2022 . the llda computed the assessment as daily charges from may 4, 2017 to july 24, 2018 based on the llda's parameters for effluent standards.
beginning august 6, 2018, following the requisite inspection based on the company's request for re-sampling, monde nissin was found to have passed relevant effluent standards as affirmed by the llda.
supply chain management do you have a supplier accreditation policy?
do you consider the following sustainability topics when accrediting suppliers?
the process helps avoid risks and indirectly considers environmental and social topics through the submission of regulatory documents.
policies such as "engaging in business partners" & "conflicts of interest" involve performing due diligence on potential business partners.
the company also intends to update its supplier accreditation assessment to include sustainability topics., quorn foods: the assessment of raw materials suppliers involves the use of a site audit questionnaire which is highlighted in the policy "technical approval of suppliers document mqa059 " disclosure: forced labor, quorn foods: y quorn foods: covered by local laws disclosure: child labor, quorn foods: y quorn foods: covered by local laws disclosure: human rights, quorn foods: y quorn foods: covered by local laws disclosure: bribery and corruption, monde nissin: y, quorn foods: y quorn foods: covered by local laws table end.
annex c: social data 401-2 benefits provided to regular employees table: benefits provided to regular employees 2022 table: housing and other benefits provided to regular employees 2022 all employees are entitled to solo parent leaves, provided that they have a dswd solo parent id.
for the year 2022, only 22 employees 2 male, 20 female were entitled to this since they were the only employees with the dswd solo parent id.
404-1 average hours of training per year per employee table: average hours of training per year per employee employee category: regular employees, total training hours provided: 27,213.09, average training hours provided: 13.23, unit: hr/employee employee category: female regular employees, total training hours provided: 13,996.50, average training hours provided: 17.5, unit: hr/employee employee category: male regular employees, total training hours provided: 13,216.59, average training hours provided: 11.13, unit: hr/employee employee category: probationary employees, total training hours provided: 8,631.99, average training hours provided: 6.38, unit: hr/employee employee category: female probationary employees, total training hours provided: 2,501.36, average training hours provided: 19.35, unit: hr/employee employee category: male probationary employees, total training hours provided: 6,130.63, average training hours provided: 9.53, unit: hr/employee table end.
annex d: sdg contributions summary creating sustainable solutions for food security monde nissin's corporate aspiration focuses on "creating sustainable solutions for food security." through its products and marketing campaigns, monde nissin aims to provide delicious, affordable, accessible, and fortified food to consumers while promoting healthier eating habits.
. community distribution network monde nissin operates a community distribution network that provides a source of livelihood to local community independent brand experts.
at the same time, it recognizes the value of its workforce and implements several employee volunteerism, engagement, and well-being programs.
. innovation toward resource efficiency innovation toward resource efficiency and monitoring and mitigating the environmental impacts of its manufacturing plants continue to be part of monde nissin's sustainability initiatives.
furthermore, monde nissin imparts its progress to stakeholders through the publication of its sustainability report.
its internal stakeholders—employees—gain more knowledge on sustainability-related concepts through the company's employee sustainability education and engagement campaign.
moving forward, monde nissin is looking for ways to improve its procurement practices to integrate sustainability-related factors.
. environmental impact mitigation monde nissin is cognizant of the environmental impacts of its operations.
to minimize negative impacts, the company has focused on adopting renewable energy at its manufacturing plants and devising effective water and energy efficiency initiatives.
, , . concerted effort for sustainability goals monde nissin believes that a concerted effort is necessary for achieving its sustainability goals and targets.
it encourages a sustainability-focused mindset among its employees and is open to collaborating with other organizations and suppliers to find new ways to improve its current manufacturing practices.
disclosure: 2-5 external assurance, direct answer: this report did not undergo external assurance.
disclosure: 2-6 activities, value chain and other business relationships, page number s : 11-13, 85 disclosure: 2-7 employees, page number s : 49 disclosure: 2-9 governance structure and composition, page number s : 74-76 disclosure: 2-10 nomination and selection of the highest governance body, page number s : 77 disclosure: 2-11 chair of the highest governance body, direct answer: the chairperson of the board, ms. kataline darmono, is a non-executive director who is not involved in the day-to-day operations of monde nissin.
disclosure: 2-12 role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, page number s : 23 disclosure: 2-13 delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, page number s : 23 disclosure: 2-14 role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, page number s : 23 disclosure: 2-15 conflicts of interest, page number s : 73 disclosure: 2-16 communication of critical concerns, page number s : 75 disclosure: 2-17 collective knowledge of the highest governance body, page number s : 78 table end.
gri standard disclosure table table: gri standard disclosure mapping gri standard: gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018 disclosure: worker training on occupational health and safety, page number s : 54-55 disclosure: promotion of worker health, page number s : 54-55 disclosure: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships, page number s : 54-55 disclosure: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system, page number s : 56 disclosure: work-related injuries, page number s : 56 disclosure: work-related ill health, page number s : 56 gri standard: gri 404: training and education 2016 disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 51 disclosure: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, page number s : 90 disclosure: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, page number s : 51 gri standard: gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 52 disclosure: diversity of governance bodies and employees, page number s : 53 gri standard: gri 406: non-discrimination 2016 disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 52 disclosure: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken, page number s : 52 gri standard: gri 407: freedom of association and collective bargaining 2016 disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 57 disclosure: operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk, page number s : 57 gri standard: gri 408: child labor 2016 disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 58 disclosure: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor, page number s : 58 gri standard: gri 409: forced or compulsory labor 2016 disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 58 disclosure: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor, page number s : 58 gri standard: gri 413: local communities 2016 disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 69 disclosure: operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities, page number s : 69 table end.
table: gri standard disclosure gri standard: gri 414: supplier social assessment 2016, disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 31-32 gri standard: gri 416: customer health and safety 2016, disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 61 disclosure: assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories, page number s : 62 disclosure: incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services, page number s : 62 gri standard: gri 417: marketing and labeling 2016, disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 63 disclosure: requirements for product and service information and labeling, page number s : 64 disclosure: incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling, page number s : 64 disclosure: incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications, page number s : 64 gri standard: gri 418: customer privacy 2016, disclosure: management of material topic, page number s : 66-67 disclosure: substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data, page number s : 67 table end.
