reach for great great eastern holdings limited sustainability report 2022 a member of the ocbc group table of contents 3 board statement 4 key achievements 5 our sustainability approach 12 managing our environmental footprint 20 empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities 26 managing our business responsibly 33 climate-related disclosures 2022 about this report in this sixth sustainability report by great eastern group, we cover material environmental, social and governance esg aspects of the group's business and operations for the financial year 1 january to 31 december 2022, unless otherwise stated.
despite the onset of the pandemic, and the new normal that the world is operating in, we continue to hold on to this business principle.
the well-being of our society is important to our collective future, and we remain committed to making a positive impact to all segments of the communities in which we operate in.
environment we established a 2025 operational net zero target in 2021. during 2022, we succeeded in reducing the intensity of carbon emission from our operations by 20% 2019 baseline and are on track to achieve our operational net zero target by 2025. we have made good progress in responsible investments, resulting from our enhanced role as an active investor by reducing our portfolio carbon footprint and scaling up green investments.
in addition, a decarbonisation roadmap limits new investment in coal companies and coal-fired utilities without a credible energy transition plan.
to date, we have added more than singapore dollar3 billion to environmental, social and governance esg mandates and investments.
we are therefore on track to reduce our equity portfolio's carbon footprint by 20% by 2025. in the past year, we have embarked on a review of our insurance portfolio in support of the transition to a low-carbon economy.
in 2022, we have commenced the assessment of the environmental risks of our corporate customers across our general insurance portfolio.
in 2023, we will focus on baselining the carbon footprint for our general insurance portfolio and set relevant reduction targets.
a renewed emphasis on sustainability at great eastern, board oversight ensures that sustainability is aligned and embedded in our overall corporate strategy.
to provide greater clarity of accountability and targets, we have established four task forces to drive specific sustainability strategies: product development, net zero, community and culture, and regulation, risk management and disclosure.
looking after our community we are firmly focused on improving people's lives in our communities by making insurance affordable, accessible and inclusive through continued support of government national initiatives such as dependents' protection scheme dps in singapore with over 2 million policyholders, and mysalam for the low-income b40 population in malaysia administering free takaful health protection to 11.2 million individuals.
in 2022, together with a non-profit organisation, we embarked on several community-based programmes.
these included financial literacy workshops and a sustainable schools initiative involving over 11,000 secondary school students to build environmental awareness and advocacy as singapore moves towards a zero-waste future.
we are also proud to be a part of the platform workers work injury compensation network pwin , a national initiative set up by the ministry of manpower to ensure that platform workers are adequately protected and compensated for any work-related injuries or accidents.
it is a meaningful partnership to ensure that insurance is available and accessible to those who need them.
. koh beng seng chairman 21 april 2023 . khor hock seng group chief executive officer 2022 key achievements great eastern aims to make a long-lasting and positive impact in the communities where we operate.
our sustainability efforts are anchored by three pillars: managing our environmental footprint, empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities, and managing our business responsibly.
environment managing our environmental footprint responsible investing: we are on track to achieve our target 20% reduction in listed equity carbon footprint by 2025 2020 baseline . in 2022, we extended our decarbonisation target to include corporate bond.
we signed up as a member of the asia investor group on climate change aigcc . reaching out to 11,000 youths: in 2022, great eastern supported non-profit organisation zero waste sg in the sustainable schools programme.
attained 20% reduction in operational emissions: in 2022, we achieved a 20% reduction in emissions intensity per full-time employee tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/fte . estate relamping saves 332,537kwh per year: starting 2022, we can achieve an estimated energy savings of 332,537kwh per year from estate relamping exercises at three housing properties owned by great eastern, newton.gems, holland.gems and gallop court.
social empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities contributing singapore dollar327,253 to the community: a total of singapore dollar327,253 was raised in 2022 through fundraising initiatives as part of our community programmes across the region.
creating award-winning customer-centric innovations: we had set out on the digitisation journey of our advisory service to support our customers in their financial journey and provide quality education for our financial representatives.
awards received include: awards for the adviser's initiative of the year and education insurance initiative of the year at the 7th insurance asia awards technology excellence awards fintech - life insurance at the 4th singapore business review technology excellence awards excellence in data transformation award awarded by informatica in july 2022 for its data management and governance strategy.
great eastern also had 60 excellence service award winners, with more than half receiving top honours in the star category.
by december 2022, 97% of our partners and vendors had attested to the supplier code of conduct exceeding our target of 75% . employees’ well-being includes good mental health: we launched the "we are okay" campaign in may 2022 to support our employees' mental wellness.
this is a follow-up action from the 2021 employee well-being survey that indicated employee concerns about mental stress, anxiety and loneliness.
webinars, community circles, peer support and professional mental wellness consultation services were among some of the resources that were made available for our employees.
making great eastern a 'green' place to work: we can manage our environmental footprint effectively if we have our employees supporting the same cause.
in 2022, we organised various employee engagement events to promote environmental awareness and engagement.
it also resulted in improved team interactions that made great eastern a great place to work.
activities included the recycling of lunar new year red packets and garments, promoting the use of water bottle refills, and volunteering at food bank agencies to reduce food waste.
reach for great impact our sustainability approach at great eastern, we are committed to doing great to achieve a sustainable future for our business, our stakeholders and the communities.
a well-defined governance structure supports the integration of our approach throughout our organisation and aids in aligning our operations with our business goals and values.
our governance procedures ensure that the interests of our diverse stakeholders are balanced while maintaining the transparency of all information.
our sustainability strategy features three strategic pillars: managing our environmental footprint empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities managing our business responsibly our performance and achievements in the three pillars are further elaborated and illustrated in the following chapters.
expertise and best practice sharing have also been done at sc meetings in 2022, covering topics such as net zero and carbon markets.
in response to the growing significance of sustainability, the sc has increased the number of meetings from two to three per year.
they ensure that sustainability is included in our corporate strategy planning.
to achieve long-term and sustainable growth, we routinely assess our governance structure concerning material sustainability topics and climate-related risks.
the board risk management committee rmc is involved in reviewing and approving risk governance matters that relate to sustainability.
this aligns with our organizational approach of managing sustainability risk as part of our enterprise risk management framework and the rmc's remit to provide oversight to manage financial, operational and reputational impact arising from risk governance matters.
table: sustainability governance structure level: board , committee/group: board sustainability committee sc , responsibilities: supervision and oversight of group's sustainability strategy, projects, goals, and priorities related to esg matters.
committee/group: board risk management committee rmc , responsibilities: reviewing and approving risk governance matters related to sustainability.
committee/group: group board of directors, responsibilities: accountability for sustainability level: group management , committee/group: group management committee gmc , responsibilities: providing leadership, direction, and functional oversight of group's sustainability performance; fostering group's culture and conduct; ensuring sustainability is included in corporate strategy planning.
our sustainability approach to ensure smooth implementation of our sustainability strategy, the gmc has established four sustainability taskforces with four key priorities.
it defines the social role we can play and the importance of engaging our employees and financial representatives.
it also puts us on track to support the paris agreement by the united nations framework convention on climate change.
the taskforce will create and implement relevant training programmes to support our employees in our journey.
our sustainability approach stakeholder engagement we rely on our stakeholders to provide a wide range of feedback to develop our sustainability strategy, validate goals, and identify material esg factors.
this knowledge assists us in determining the objectives and goals that will have the most significant impact on our business and are most relevant across our value chain.
we engage with them regularly through various channels and feedback mechanisms so that we can consider their expectations as we shape our company's growth, innovation, and long-term success.
to support industry initiatives and sector development., how we engage: regular meetings, ad hoc information requests and/or consultations with regulators contribute to industry initiatives and participate in forums and seminars regulatory and audit reports stakeholder: customers , why engagement is important: customer feedback can help improve our processes, products and solutions., how we engage: regular series of health and wellness events marketing campaigns market research and focus groups face-to-face portfolio reviews with respective financial representatives stakeholder: suppliers , why engagement is important: key partner in our operations and business service delivery.
engaging with governments, civil society and non-profit organisations help us drive positive change and contribute to community investment., how we engage: collaboration with government agencies to bridge the protection gap through government schemes panel discussion and roundtables regular series of health and wellness events fundraising and volunteering via great eastern cares csr activities throughout the year great eastern women's run stakeholder: employees , why engagement is important: key partner to building a successful business with sustainable growth.
feedback from employees can help improve our processes, products and solutions., how we engage: employee dialogues and activities learning platforms and events internal job postings employee engagement survey stakeholder: financial representatives , why engagement is important: key partner to building a successful business with sustainable growth.
feedback from financial representatives can help us serve our customers better., how we engage: training sessions and webinars at our centre for excellence cfe face-to-face and online meetings engagement with agency leaders townhall/agency leaders cluster meetings appreciation sessions table end.
our sustainability approach sustainability strategy great eastern has been serving our customers for 115 years.
we have successfully grown and expanded our businesses by aligning our businesses to our social purpose and balancing the interests of all our key stakeholders.
we believe that we can make life great by providing financial security and promoting good health and meaningful relationships.
as a leading insurer in asia, we will adhere to the same principles that have served us well while responding to the new and evolving risks and opportunities in the larger environment.
environmental, social and governance esg factors form an integral part of our business considerations.
climate science has shown the impact of environmental degradation and the related social, economic and other consequences which affect our lives and livelihoods.
we work with key stakeholders to create sustainable development in the economies and communities in which we operate.
we are taking meaningful steps towards reducing our carbon footprint in our investment portfolio, and strive to achieve net zero in our operations.
we are committed to setting aside adequate resources to build business and operational resilience in preparation for climate change.
managing our environmental footprint we aim to build resilient investment and insurance portfolios and contribute to sustainable outcomes without compromising on long-term value.
we have a net zero target for the carbon footprint of our operations, and incorporate esg considerations in our supply chain.
operations: 2025 operational net zero target with 30% reduction of carbon intensity 2019 baseline supplier code of conduct to govern supplier relationships investment: reducing carbon footprint across the listed equity and corporate bond asset classes by 20% by 2025 2020 baseline insurance: baselining carbon emissions for the general insurance portfolio using the global greenhouse gas accounting & reporting standard for insurance-associated emissions¹, published by the partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities we support the communities we operate in by promoting financial literacy and making insurance accessible and affordable.
we foster a culture of learning to ensure that our employees and financial representatives are empowered to support the community.
managing our business responsibly we manage our business with the highest standard of corporate governance and integrity.
notes: 1. the global greenhouse gas accounting and reporting standard part c: insurance associated emissions, first version, pcaf november 2022 . diagram showing the three pillars of the esg approach: managing our environmental footprint, empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities, and managing our business responsibly.
it is important that our efforts remain focused on the aspects of our sustainability journey that are most important to our company and stakeholders.
we recognise that most of the scope 3 emissions are from our investment and insurance portfolios.
it is a complex yet deliberate decision to start with the reduction of carbon intensity in the investment portfolio, and we hope to leverage our financial capability to drive sustainable outcomes.
this is important for the organisation as the world transits to a low carbon economy., esg pillars: managing our environmental footprint, contributions: committed to reducing carbon footprint across the listed equity and corporate bond asset classes by 20% by 2025 2020 baseline . this represents more than 50% of our assets under management invested singapore dollar1.6bn in green bonds investment signatory of asia investor group on climate change aigcc material esg factors: operational net zero by 2025, why this is important to us: we aim to reduce our environmental impact by committing to “avoid, reduce and offset”., contributions: reduced operational emissions per full-time employee fte by 20% from 2019 baseline customer communication is now 90% digitised for improved user experience and reduced paper usage commitment to attain operational net zero by 2025 real estate portfolio and office transformation projects to meet environmental and safety requirements material esg factors: promoting financial literacy, why this is important to us: as an insurer, we are in business of trust.
we aim to help individuals make informed decisions about life and wellness protection, and wealth management.
financial literacy is a key enabler to achieving these objectives., esg pillars: empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities, contributions: conducted financial literacy workshops, webinars and seminars for our communities across the group network created lifepedia, a new online portal that provides insurance and financial planning knowledge in simple and accessible manner for the community regular training for financial representatives to ensure quality advisory for our customers award-winning adviser digital portal for customers to better engage with our financial representatives table end.
page 10 of great eastern holdings limited sustainability report 2022 our sustainability approach material esg factors : making insurance accessible and affordable, why this is important to us : insurance serves an important social purpose of helping individuals and corporates mitigate uncertainties.
accessibility and affordability are important so that insurance can protect the critical mass in society, and close the protection gaps where possible., esg pillars : empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities, contributions : collaborate with affinity partners to deliver insurance solutions to wider audiences at affordable prices table end.
participated in platform workers work injury compensation network pwin – a singapore government initiative to provide protection for platform workers continue to partner with governments in national initiatives which support financial inclusivity – dependent protection scheme dps in singapore and mysalam government scheme in malaysia mandatory online training for employees and financial representatives on the code of conduct fair dealing outcome is embedded in the performance evaluation of our senior management awarded data protection trustmark certification and apec cross-border privacy rules certification for our data protection standards creating a right culture in the workplace, with inclusive and progressive work policies keeping the workforce future-ready prioritise the mental health of our employees via the group-wide life programme for health and wellness.
offering professional mental wellness consultation service for employees in singapore and malaysia prioritise sourcing from local suppliers.
out of our total supply chain spending of singapore dollar288.4mn, 96% of our suppliers are local suppliers deliberate efforts have been undertaken across great eastern's investment, insurance, and operations portfolios to reduce our carbon footprint and contribute to the global transition to a low-carbon economy notes: there are no footnotes or additional annotations present in the provided image.
reach for great sustainability managing our environmental footprint page number: 12 managing our environmental footprint in the years to come, the global economy will face enormous challenges as a result of climate change and the global transition towards the low-carbon economy.
we believe that the current global focus on sustainability is timely, and will lead to actions that have material regulatory, economic, political and social impact.
we want to play a meaningful role in the transition.
our approach we are taking a three-pronged approach to climate change management: 1. delivering on our 2025 operational net zero target 2. creating a positive impact through responsible investing 3. incorporating climate change resilience in our insurance portfolio delivering on our 2025 operational net zero target in 2021, we set a goal to achieve net zero for our operational carbon emissions by 2025. we have set specific carbon reduction targets and milestones to achieve our goal and adopt appropriate “avoid, reduce and offset” measures for a consistent group-wide approach.
in 2022, our total operational emissions reduced by 11% to 13,081 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent from our 2019 baseline of 14,732 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent.
our emission intensity has reduced by 20% from 3.25 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/fte to 2.61 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/fte.
we will continue to implement the various initiatives in the pipeline to reduce our energy consumption and track our progress accordingly.
please note that 2019, 2020 and 2021 numbers for operational carbon emissions have been restated after eliminating duplicate entries in five malaysia branches.
the 2019 baseline number has been revised from 16,094 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent to 14,732 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent.
additional images are referenced but not shown 12 6.png, 12 7.png, 12 8.png . managing our environmental footprint managing resource consumption we continually invest in digitization initiatives as part of our business transformation and have reduced paper usage in the process.
we have since made efforts to encourage customers to convert to paynow and will be on track to meet the target by 2023. we aim to be completely cheque-free by 2025. key milestones in carbon footprint management year: 2019, milestone: established a baseline for measurement of operational carbon emissions, category: operations year: 2020, milestone: conducted exercise to determine overall operational carbon emissions, based on the greenhouse gas greenhouse gas protocol corporate accounting and reporting standard, category: operations year: 2020, milestone: identified the "transition to a low carbon economy" as a key focus in our decarbonisation journey, category: applies to all year: 2021, milestone: introduced investment restrictions in coal companies and coal-fired utilities that lacked credible energy transition plans, category: investment year: 2021, milestone: introduced a prohibition on new coal-fired power plants as part of risk management strategy across our general insurance gi portfolio, category: insurance year: 2022, milestone: implemented a new environmental risk management policy, category: applies to all year: 2022, milestone: completed mas industry-wide stress test iwst exercise on climate scenario analysis, category: operations year: 2022, milestone: commenced assessment of the environmental risks of our corporate customers across our gi portfolio, category: operations year: 2025, milestone: reduce carbon footprint across listed equity and corporate bond asset classes by 20% 2020 baseline , category: investment year: 2025, milestone: reduce carbon emissions per fte by another 10% from 2022, category: operations year: 2025, milestone: scale up green bond investments to singapore dollar3bn, category: investment year: 2025, milestone: attain our operational net zero target, category: operations table end.
towards net zero for our premises since 2019, we have endeavoured to minimise carbon emissions by enhancing and improving our premises and infrastructure.
in line with our operational net zero target, we have and will continue to adopt passive design principles and energy-efficient technologies for our buildings.
where certification is unavailable or not feasible, we will implement measures to reduce carbon emissions and track our progress using methodologies aligned to industry standards.
in 2022, our offices in singapore and malaysia started on their office transformation projects with our operational net zero target in mind.
in q4 2022, we formally established environmental and safety requirements and metrics for the office transformation projects.
6 key principles key principles to minimise negative environmental impacts.
promote energy and water efficiency, and reduce emission of carbon adhere to all relevant environment, health and safety laws and regulations ensure our suppliers and contractors also abide with environmentally friendly practices promote recycling and the use of recycled or environmentally friendly materials reduce consumption of materials to minimise waste support environmental initiatives – partly through our community programmes singapore reduce energy usage and operational costs refitted three residential properties, newton, gems, holland, gems and gallop court, with led lighting.
starting 2022, we can achieve an estimated annual savings of 332,537 kilowatt-hours.
reduce carbon dioxide emissions in support of singapore green plan 2030 conducted a study on installing electric vehicle ev charging stations at our properties to support ev adoption.
we hope to have ev charging stations in strategically located buildings by q2 2023. promote waste minimisation and recycling placed segregated recycling bins at all great eastern properties including our corporate and agency office premises.
getting our tenants onboard with our sustainability commitment revised our green fit-out guidelines to collaborate with tenants and contractors to ensure renovation and refurbishment are done in accordance with recommended environmental standards and materials.
the updated guidelines were finalised in q4 2022. malaysia improve energy efficiency and optimise energy management an energy audit expert was appointed to conduct an audit of two buildings, menara great eastern mge and great eastern mall gem . results will be available in early 2023 for evaluation of next steps.
reduce energy usage and operational costs all 21 great eastern malaysian branches, including mge and gem, will switch to led lighting.
installation is scheduled to commence in q2 2023. reduce carbon dioxide emissions two ev charging stations are planned for mge and gem car parks by 2023, pending an energy audit survey report.
improved cooling system to reduce energy usage by q1 2024, all 21 great eastern branches in malaysia will employ r-32-based air conditioners.
r-32 is a next-generation refrigerant that efficiently transfers heat, lowers power usage, and has a lower global warming potential than current widely used refrigerants.
1 https://unfccc.int/process-and-meetings/transparency-and-reporting/greenhouse-gas-data/frequently-asked-questions/global-warming-potentials-ipcc-fourth-assessment-report.
guided by our core values of integrity, initiative and involvement, the human capital team supports the business to build a future-ready workforce by creating a conducive environment where our employees can develop their fullest potential.
we believe in continuous learning and have in place a comprehensive training programme to support our financial representatives.
across our offices investing in our planet earth week 2022, 18-22 april our colleagues from indonesia, malaysia and singapore participated in a wealth of programmes where they could get involved, be informed and be inspired.
a series of events such as upcycling workshops, pre-loved items collection drive and webinars helped create better awareness and engagement amongst our internal stakeholders.
participants who joined our sustainability webinars also received composting starter kits.
we teamed with zero waste sg, a singapore non-governmental organisation, to sponsor the sustainable schools programme, an 8-month holistic effort aimed at secondary school students with a zero-waste focus.
over 11,000 secondary school students from 10 schools participated in a series of upcycling workshops and outreach activities supported by our volunteers.
the schools participated in a competition in november 2022 where winning initiatives would be implemented and scaled up in other schools or community spaces.
winning initiatives included a clothes donation drive and a mobile thrift store to educate students on core environmental principles.
there are also images of employees in meetings and a photograph of the sustainable schools competition winners.
tree planting is critical for heat reduction and for making the place more livable and sustainable.
malaysia making waves with water saving tips world water day 2022, 22 march a webinar, a digital quiz and a documentary screening – this was how the team commemorated world water day in malaysia.
encik azuan ahmad zahdi, head of corporate planning at indah water konsortium iwk , shared useful habits to save water at home and dispelled common misinformation about wastewater.
big impact earth day 2022, 22 april it was lights out for more than 550 employees as they participated in a lightsoutselfie challenge on earth day 2022. they did this to bring attention to climate change and show that small changes can have a big impact.
in collaboration with national geographic indonesia's digital movement, saya pilih bumi, we held the "reach for a greener tomorrow" campaign which involved social media and community activities.
the team held an instagram 'live chat' on "zero waste for beginners".
waste not, want not earth day 2022, 21 april not a second was wasted as we held a webinar session on 21 april titled "from us for the earth" and an instagram live session on 22 april titled "kartini peduli bumi".
ms lena karolina, founder of sustainable indonesia, shared tips on household and fashion waste management and why it was important to upcycle our clothes.
huda and biska from wegrow spoke about processing organic household waste.
participants also received a composting kit to begin their composting journey at home.
. managing our environmental footprint creating positive impact through responsible investing we continue to review our investment strategies and allocate capital to promising areas to foster long-term, sustainable economic growth while improving our portfolios' risk-adjusted returns.
reducing our portfolio carbon intensity climate transition can present a set of unique risks and opportunities to an investment portfolio.
we expect to drive a decline in emissions through a combination of low carbon transition mandates and consciously replacing high emitters with lower equivalents.
as of december 2022, great eastern group's listed equity portfolio's carbon footprint was 114.0 measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes per million singapore dollar invested, 4.5% lower than december 2021 and 16.1% below our december 2020 baseline.
likewise, the portfolio's weighted average carbon intensity of 195.0 measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes per million singapore dollar sales represents an improvement of 11.6% from 2020 levels.
the decarbonisation trajectory is not expected to be a linear one, as it is dependent on the pace of transition adopted by global corporates and governments.
we will be reviewing our carbon measurement methodologies and metrics to ensure that we are in line with industry best practices.
to this end, we engaged an external consultant in 2022 to perform a review of our portfolio carbon footprint calculations for listed equity and corporate bond.
we are pleased to provide an inaugural update on the carbon footprint of our corporate bond following this review.
as a group, we will look to achieve a 20% reduction in carbon footprint across the listed equity and corporate bond asset classes by 2025 2020 baseline . collectively, these two asset classes represent more than 50% of our assets under management.
table: portfolio carbon footprint and intensity 2020-2022 asset class: listed equity , metric: scope 1 & 2 carbon footprint measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/singapore dollarmn invested , dec'20: 135.9, dec'21: 119.4, dec'22: 114.0 metric: weighted average carbon intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/singapore dollarmn sales , dec'20: 220.5, dec'21: 192.6, dec'22: 195.0 asset class: corporate bond , metric: scope 1 & 2 financed carbon footprint measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/singapore dollarmn invested , dec'20: 108.4, dec'21: 88.4, dec'22: 82.2 metric: weighted average carbon intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/singapore dollarmn sales , dec'20: 403.2, dec'21: 403.1, dec'22: 347.8 table end.
notes: listed equity emissions for dec 2020 and 2021 have been restated following a refinement in our carbon methodology and data source inputs.
managing our environmental footprint scaling up green investments beyond taking active steps to reduce emissions across our portfolios, we recognize that as stewards of capital, we can play a significant influence in directing funds towards climate-positive areas.
green bonds, in particular, play a critical role in catalyzing real-world decarbonization.
we have also invested in other areas of sustainable finance impact and decarbonization solutions within private equity.
we plan to commit a certain proportion of new funds to these new areas, and to increase our total commitment to reach singapore dollar100mn by 2025. concurrently, we are exploring opportunities in nature-based solutions, which play an integral role in the climate transition.
enhancing our role as active owners we believe that active stewardship will over time help to steer investee companies towards sustainable business practices, and support the value of our investments.
in 2022, we formalized our stewardship and engagement guidelines and put them into practice.
we will, through our investment affiliate lion global investors lgi and regional investment teams, actively engage the top emitters in our portfolio and those which score poorly on esg characteristics.
beyond directly engaging with investee companies, we are now a member of the asia investor group on climate change aigcc with effect from january 2023. we look forward to making joint efforts with other investors in the push towards real-world transition as we play our role as active owners.
ahead of the 27th conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change cop27 , our asset manager lgi signed the 2022 global investor statement to governments on the climate crisis.
along with hundreds of investors around the world, we are calling on governments globally to entrench five priority climate asks into their national legislation.
effective policies that are aligned to the goal of limiting global warming to no more than 1.5°c are essential for mobilizing and scaling up private capital flows needed for a climate-resilient, net-zero transition.
we participated in industry workgroups for the betterment of practices.
we made contributions in the bank negara malaysia climate change and principle-based taxonomy ccpt implementation group, and provided inputs to the life insurance association lia singapore surveys in preparation for the implementation towards the monetary authority of singapore's mas environmental risk management enrm guidelines.
we maintained partnerships with leading asset managers in the area of sustainability, and joined industry roundtables involving peers in sharing our knowledge of industry practices in the hope of collectively charting the way forward in responsible investments.
promoting low-carbon investments to give investors a simple and cost-effective option to take part in singapore's low-carbon transformation, lgi listed the lion-ocbc securities singapore low carbon etf on the singapore exchange sgx in april 2022. the iedge-ocbc singapore low carbon select 50 capped index is followed by the etf so investors can get diversified exposure to 50 companies in singapore with smaller carbon footprints.
enhancing climate disclosure and mitigation through our insurance portfolio in 2022, we started assessing the environmental risks of our general insurance portfolio based on the united nations principles for sustainable insurance un psi heatmap.
starting with the property line of business in geg, our risk management strategy involves environmental risk identification, assessment and an escalation system according to the risk profile of the customer.
in november 2022, the pcaf launched the global greenhouse gas greenhouse gas accounting and reporting standard for insurance-associated emissions.
the standard supplements are built on the requirements of the greenhouse gas protocol.
reach for great empowerment empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities about this report board statement 2022 key achievements our sustainability approach managing our environmental footprint managing our business responsibly climate-related disclosures 2022 performance index gri content index there is no tabular or chart data present in the provided image.
we want to support our customers as they embark on new phases in their journey of life.
the world bank group sees financial inclusion as a key catalyst for reducing extreme poverty and boosting general prosperity.
the basic component of financial inclusion is having access to a financial service, which can then serve as a springboard to other types of services.¹ we can contribute meaningfully to this outcome and also ensure that insurance is kept affordable to those who need them to mitigate uncertainties.
to this end, we pursue a two-pronged strategy to improve people's lives: promoting financial literacy making insurance accessible and affordable our approach to promote sound and informed financial decisions, we focus on two key approaches: 1. ensuring that our financial representatives are doing the right thing to inform and empower our customers in their financial decisions; and 2. tapping our employees and financial representatives to support financial literacy in the community.
combining this with support for communities that need them, we hope more individuals can plan better for their future financial freedom and protection.
promoting financial literacy enabling long-term financial stability financial literacy helps people make wise decisions about their money.
it is the first step toward financial wellness.
we want to help our customers and the community as a whole to achieve long-term financial stability.
in 2022, we maintained cross-market partnerships aimed at increasing young people's financial literacy.
throughout the year, more than 70 of our employees and financial representatives in singapore engaged nearly 930 secondary students to raise their financial awareness.
financial literacy webinars and seminars were also held in indonesia for over 600 members of the public.
topics that were covered include the forms and benefits of general insurance and shariah financial literacy.
empowering teenagers our team of 32 employees and financial representatives volunteered in the junior achievement singapore financial literacy workshop in october 2022 to raise financial awareness among 400 students.
our volunteers shared financial planning tips with the younger generation, as well as empowered the students to reach for great career choices.
empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities engaging undergraduates on digital insurance great eastern, as part of its annual financial literacy programme and in collaboration with the universitas pendidikan nasional in bali university of national education, undiknas , hosted a webinar for over 100 students.
themed "trend and penetration rate of digital insurance insurtech in indonesia", the webinar invited dimas andika putra head of digital affinity at great eastern and dr gine das prena lecturer at undiknas who shared insightful views on digital insurance.
the undergraduates actively posed questions about insurance and digital insurance trends and practices in indonesia.
making insurance accessible and affordable our customers should be able to receive the care and protection they need at a price that is reasonable to them.
accessibility empowering individuals to make better financial decisions we participated in the singapore financial data exchange sgfindex , an industry-wide initiative led by the monetary authority of singapore mas and smart nation and digital government group sndg . sgfindex seeks to enhance the financial planning experience with seamless consolidation of data from various financial institutions¹ and government agencies.
with our participation, our customers are now able to securely view all insurance policies purchased over time regardless of insurers on the great eastern app.
this enables them to identify insurance coverage gaps and conduct financial planning more seamlessly – either on their own or in collaboration with their chosen financial representatives.
making information accessible and easy to understand – lifepedia, a one-stop resource portal that provides insurance and financial planning knowledge in a simple and accessible manner, was launched to help individuals understand financial information more easily.
lifepedia offers tools, webinars and curated content in interactive formats such as quizzes, videos and games to engage customers and increase their financial literacy.
taking action when you want to – customers can choose to connect with a qualified financial representative or make online purchases as and when they are ready to do so.
aside from our existing home, motor, and travel solutions for the general population at large, we worked closely with singtel to provide a complimentary personal accident pa plan for its prepaid and remittance customers who are primarily work permit holders.
this is a meaningful and inclusive product that gives this critical customer segment peace of mind while they work and contribute to our nation building.
a seamless and easy-to-use great eastern corporate app in indonesia, we have been working to make the great eastern corporate app as intuitive and seamless as possible for users.
the app supported our customers in attaining faster turnaround times and timely status updates of claim submissions.
the app also provides other key info such as employee and family insurance benefits, as well as a map of the panel hospitals.
empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities purchasing policies at the touch of the fingertips at great eastern life indonesia geli , we are continuing efforts to minimize our environmental footprint through the digitization and digitalization of our business activities.
affordability extending the great eastern gift credits programme the great eastern gift credits programme, launched in 2021 in celebration of the company's 113th anniversary, has its validity extended again till end-2023.
protection plan redeemable with government vouchers an exclusive mikrosayang campaign was launched on axiata's boost platform so that more eligible customers can redeem products using perlindungan tenang vouchers from the government of malaysia.
this initiative provides takaful protection for the underserved market.
perlindungan tenang voucher ptv is a government financial assistance scheme to expand the social protection for the lower-income group.
extending protection to platform workers in the growing gig economy the gig economy has grown in singapore with platform workers accounting for about 3% of singapore's resident workforce.¹ as gig workers do not have employment contracts with online service providers, they lack basic job protection that most employees have, such as workplace injury compensation, union representation and employers' contribution to the workers' central provident fund cpf . the ministry of manpower set up the advisory committee in 2021 to address these issues and announced the formation of the platform workers work injury compensation network pwin in february 2023. the pwin will develop key operational policies and implementation details for the work injury compensation regime for platform workers.
great eastern is proud to be part of pwin, a national initiative to protect our workforce.
it is a meaningful private-public partnership to ensure that insurance is available and accessible to those who need them.
microtakaful products like mysalam/mikrosayang were developed for the low-income b40¹ population in malaysia.
mysalam is a nationwide health protection scheme in malaysia managed by great eastern takaful since 2019. this scheme provides free health protection to 11.2mn people.
in 2022, we had paid our rm296.5mn to 664,000 individuals.
it provides affordable protection to individuals who are not eligible for the mysalam scheme, or those who may need additional coverage.
going digital for a better customer experience embedding esg considerations into takaful offerings, get rev, a group takaful product, has gone paperless and fully digital to provide a better customer experience as well as affordable and personalized healthcare plans for the employees and their families.
honoured to be the best great eastern takaful getb was recognised as malaysia's best takaful operator 2022 by global business outlook.
mysalam scheme provides free health protection to 11.2mn people provided claims payout to 664,000 malaysians great eastern takaful was awarded "malaysia's best takaful operator 2022" by global business outlook.
reach for great positive change managing our business responsibly . the image shows three people smiling and holding large black trash bags, likely participating in a community cleanup initiative.
our sustainability approach managing our environmental footprint empowering financial freedom and protection of our communities climate-related disclosures 2022 performance index gri content index there are no tables or charts present in the provided image.
managing our business responsibly at great eastern, our products and services aim to help our policyholders and their families achieve financial security and a peace of mind.
our 115 years of heritage has fostered a culture of integrity initiative and involvement that helps us in supporting the long-term growth of our communities and those in need.
at our core, we uphold a sound and robust governance framework that supports responsible business practices and guides the day-to-day conduct of all our professionals.
our approach we adopt a three-pronged approach to fostering good business practices and contributing to society: ensuring robust governance creating a great place to work for our talents creating positive economic contribution ensuring robust governance we manage our business prudently with high standards of corporate governance and integrity.
we reinforce this commitment by equipping our employees and financial representatives with the necessary mandatory learning materials.
while our code of conduct for employees outlines the guiding principles and minimum standards expected of them, the code of conduct for financial representatives further specifies expectations in terms of business ethics, market conduct, and professionalism.
implementation begins in 2023. to maintain compliance, employees and financial representatives must complete mandatory online training.
tenderers are required to attest to our supplier code of conduct as part of the pre-qualification assessment in tender activities.
they need to share their ability and intent to support great eastern's sustainability initiative.
in 2022, we achieved a completion rate of 97% of suppliers completing their attestation to the supplier code of conduct, which far exceeds our original target of 75%.
please refer to our corporate governance report in the annual report page 83 for more information on our code of conduct for employees.
managing our business responsibly our commitment to ethics great eastern's ethics framework helps us make good decisions and avoid bad ones.
to support our commitment to upholding a culture of ethics, the centre for excellence cfe has introduced year-round, mandated training on ethics for financial representatives through its four core programmes: leaders' conduct and culture professional conduct and culture compulsory ethics, rules and regulations annual competency and compliance this structured training on ethics will guide our financial representatives to make sound judgments that are in line with our company's core values and culture.
we believe in continuous learning.
the expansion of knowledge and skill sets helps them to deliver appropriate solutions to our customers in a fair and transparent manner.
all our training programs are mapped to the institute of banking and finance ibf skills and competency framework recommended for financial services.
our centre for excellence is an accredited ibf training provider.
all financial representatives participate in an annual professional conduct and culture module conducted by industry ethics specialists.
as we emerge from the pandemic, we are expanding the availability of in-person learning and development workshops for our financial representatives.
the workshops improve the learning experience while building team engagement within the community.
workshops also reinforce softer life skills such as leadership and communication that can assist our financial representatives in advancing their careers.
digital platforms play an important role; they allow individuals to regulate learning at their own time and pace.
we have built a process for third-party risk management and threat intelligence handling.
we cultivate a robust risk culture that strengthens the cyber-awareness of our employees and improves their behaviours, abilities, and knowledge through frequent training, social engineering tests, and online education.
industry affirmation on 13 july 2022, great eastern was awarded the excellence in data transformation by informatica for our data management and governance strategy.
the award recognises the following factors: established data management and governance framework to drive data transformation and inculcate data culture enabled a central knowledge repository to educate business users and empower advanced data users with data for improving business operations and decision-making deepening customer engagement customer focus means being aware of our customers' needs and interests and acknowledging that we, as an organisation, have an impact on the individuals with whom we engage.
forging ahead on our digital transformation journey our policyholders and prospective customers want constant accessibility to information relevant to them and a smooth channel of communication with us.
we want to deliver a satisfying experience, whether they interact with us online or in person.
we anticipate that new technologies will allow us to better cater to their lifestyle or business needs.
an updated great eastern app featuring a streamlined design and additional features was released in 2022 to make the customer journey simple and convenient.
in addition, we enhanced the app to support retrieval of edocuments including notices, policy contracts and receipts, providing added customer convenience to encourage them to go paperless.
through the use of instant paynow, our policyholders can enjoy the efficiency and convenience of receiving their policy payouts from us.
page number: 28 managing our business responsibly successful digitalisation exercise in malaysia our digitalisation efforts in malaysia yielded promising results in 2022. around 80% of our takaful customers made policy modifications requests online, up from 40% a year ago.
in 2022, we also made it possible for customers to use the i-get in touch portal to submit claims paperwork and policy change requests electronically for faster turnaround time.
building a service culture as we continue to advance our digitalisation efforts, we remain committed to a service culture that caters to and serves every customer with care.
'a' for service excellence a survey conducted by the institute of service excellence singapore management university in 2021 placed great eastern in second-place position in the overall insurance category in the customer satisfaction index.
in 2022, more than 60 excellence service award exsa winners are from great eastern.
more than half of them are winners of the star award, the highest tier in the award programme.
exsa is a national award administered by the association of banks in singapore and supported by enterprise singapore that recognises individuals who have achieved quality service.
creating a great place to work for the best talents from virtual learning programmes to career opportunities, we are continuously looking for new ways to create a supportive work environment that allows our people to reach their full potential and collaborate with one another.
we invest heavily to create an engaging and positive workplace that encourages teamwork and gives everyone a chance to showcase their potential.
we provide an environment in which all employees are given fair treatment and the resources they need to perform at their best to deliver our company's mission.
diversity and inclusion we have implemented inclusive and progressive policies in the workplace.
all employees are afforded a level playing field in terms of tasks assigned, evaluations of performance, opportunities for professional growth, and promotions within the company.
keeping the workforce futureready our employees’ ability to contribute to our business relies on the skills they have or acquire via ongoing training and education.
the futureready framework serves as the foundation for all of our training and development offerings.
in 2022, a month-long futureready learning carnival was organised for all employees across our group.
we hosted 12 webinars focusing on the seven pillars of our internal futureready framework.
sustainability-themed workshops and e-learning modules were also organised to ensure that relevant skillsets were developed to support the organisation’s business strategy.
we drive continuous learning through a broad range of workshops and bite-sized digital learning modules for employees in singapore and malaysia.
in indonesia, we launched the digi fun day to create greater digital awareness among employees as we believe great customer experience begins with well-equipped employees.
culture and workplace having the support of our employees is critical in the achievement of our long-term sustainability goals and ultimately in our company’s success.
we engage our employees through the creation of a collaborative and conducive work environment according to our core values, the building of skills and competencies, and providing resources for employees for their holistic well-being.
starting with the leadership team, a steady stream of sessions brought our leaders together to discuss, align and implement best practices for inter-division collaboration and team resilience.
this is key for unlocking human potential as we navigate the new future of work together.
filled with meaningful interactions and lively discussions, the sessions focused on how an impactful leadership enables employees to grow while nurturing the practice of our core values and the associated behaviours.
following the leadership sessions, group sessions were organised for employees from november 2022 onwards, to build trust and cultivate a psychologically open and safe work environment to build stronger and more resilient teams.
these sessions will be implemented across our regional offices to all employees.
managing our business responsibly image of employees participating in a yoga or stretching session based on our employee engagement survey 2022, we have seen significant improvement in our working culture with an overall score of 77% from 68% in 2021. 81% of employees agree that the organisation has a work environment that is accepting of diverse backgrounds and ways of thinking.
79% of employees acknowledged the organisation's communication programmes helped them to understand the organisation's sustainability efforts and the role they play.
78% of employees agree that they are able to integrate their work and personal life in a way that supports them.
the above scores mirror our overall engagement score which improved to 76% from 66% in 2021. being sustainable anytime, anywhere employees in singapore took part in an interactive six-week great eastern sustainability challenge.
employees could engage in the challenge at any time and from any location, supporting the idea that sustainable practices are vital not only in the workplace but also in everyday life.
in addition, they could take part in external activities at more than 1,000 touchpoints throughout singapore.
the challenge highlighted basic and yet impactful environmental actions we can take with our everyday choices.
by the end of the challenge, great eastern had contributed 608 mangrove trees.
taking care of our employees' mental health we identified in a 2021 employee wellness survey that the uncertainties induced by covid-19 could lead to mental stress, anxiety, and loneliness.
the "we are okay" campaign was launched in may 2022 to promote mental health discussions and assist employees in developing resilience in the face of unforeseen events.
to help employees build resilience, we organised eight webinars, facilitated by subject matter experts, toolkits and targeted community circles, to support them through peer-to-peer support.
together with a professional mental wellness consultation service for employees in singapore, this service was extended to employees in malaysia through a collaboration with doctor anywhere da malaysia.
employees can now use the da platform to access virtual consultations, expert guidance or assistance as part of our life programme, a health and well-being programme, across the group.
in addition to the online self-assessment tool for mental health, life programme in malaysia also organised three mental health talks in h1 of 2022. managing our business responsibly creating positive economic contribution we believe that the pursuit of economic success and sustainability are not mutually exclusive.
we support the local economies through fair and progressive compensation to our people, taxes to respective authorities and dividends to shareholders.
for performance of our economic contributions and supply chain spending, please refer to performance index on page 37. supporting the new energy transition of the future as the world transits into a low-carbon economy, renewable energy company edpr apac has grown in both size and scope to support the need for decarbonisation.
edpr apac is part of edp renewables euronext: edpr , a global leader in the renewable energy sector and fourth largest wind producer worldwide in 28 markets.
great eastern is delighted to be an insurer partner of edpr apac.
we supported edpr apac by insuring their solar projects, and also includes the protection of the employees.
we play an integral part in protecting the financial well-being of our customers and helping them manage accidental losses from unexpected events.
we have a robust process to identify and assess major risks, establish appropriate controls, and take mitigating actions as needed.
as an insurer, we want to help our customers and community manage the unpredictability of climate change.
through carefully managing our investments, we can channel our funds to areas where change and impact can contribute most.
we will further finetune our metrics and targets that support our tcfd response as we continue to develop and refine our strategy to help mitigate climate change and contribute our part in alignment with the paris agreement.
2 strategy our overarching goals and approach to sustainability serve as the foundation on which we construct a robust, adaptive organization capable of meeting the challenges posed by a shifting global landscape.
we are currently working to baseline our total carbon footprint across investment, underwriting, and operations, with the aim of formulating decarbonisation strategies in a balanced and responsible manner.
key short-term targets include: operational net zero target by 2025 reduce carbon footprint across the listed equity and corporate bond asset classes by 20% by 2025 2020 baseline to drive sustainable long-term performance that integrates key climate concerns, we are committed to training and upskilling our employees to support the organization's growth and any future changes.
3 risk management we manage the physical and transition risks associated with climate change, in accordance with regulatory requirements.
to take into account the financial and non-financial effects of physical and transition risks of climate change, we have included a qualitative risk preference to ensure that the impact of climate risk on our business is accounted for in our business and risk management.
in order to build better understanding of the risks we face as the world transits to a low-carbon economy, the group has formalized the group environmental risk management policy which sets forth guiding principles and minimum standards in helping us manage environmental risks within the group.
the group will start putting in place processes, methodology, and both qualitative and quantitative tools to try to identify and assess environmental risk for our investment and underwriting portfolios.
for details on how we manage climate-related risks across our investment, underwriting and operations, please refer to managing our environmental footprint on page 12. climate-related disclosures 2022 4 metric and targets since 2017, great eastern has included a section on our annual sustainability report detailing our scope 1 and 2 emissions.
we progressively included scope 3 of emissions from employee's business travel, data centre and investment.
type of emissions type of emissions: scope 1 emissions from backup generators, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2022: 0.43, 2021: 30.82 unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/fte, 2022: 0.00, 2021: 0.01 type of emissions: scope 1 emissions from company's vehicles, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2022: 163.03, 2021: na unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/fte, 2022: 0.03, 2021: na type of emissions: scope 2 emissions from electricity consumption, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2022: 12,714.7, 2021: 12,049.3 unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/fte, 2022: 2.54, 2021: 2.54 type of emissions: scope 3 emissions from business travel by employee, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2022: 202.31, 2021: 13.53 unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/fte, 2022: 0.04, 2021: 0.00 type of emissions: scope 3 emissions from data centre, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2022: 2,430.0, 2021: 1,737.0 type of emissions: scope 3 emissions from investment listed equity type of emissions: scope 1 & 2 carbon footprint market-cap measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes per million singapore dollar invested , 2022: 114.0, 2021: 119.4 type of emissions: weighted average carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per million singapore dollar sales , 2022: 195.0, 2021: 192.6 type of emissions: scope 3 emissions from investment corporate bond type of emissions: scope 1 & 2 financed carbon footprint evic tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per million singapore dollar invested , 2022: 82.2, 2021: 88.4 type of emissions: weighted average carbon intensity tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per million singapore dollar sales , 2022: 347.8, 2021: 403.1 table end.
type of climate-related risks . physical risks may arise in severe weather events such as flooding, droughts and storms.
recent weather occurrences such as the floods in malaysia at the end of 2021, and the extreme weather conditions around the world have been linked to climate change.
. transition risks may arise during the global transition to a low-carbon economy.
case in point - carbon tax.
carbon pricing and tax mechanisms that put a price on climate externalities could result in financial impact to companies.
targets operational net zero¹: 30% reduction of carbon intensity 2019 baseline investment portfolio: 20% reduction of carbon footprint across the listed equity and corporate bond asset classes 2020 baseline ¹scope 1 emissions from backup generators.
scope 1 emissions from company's vehicles.
scope 2 emissions from electricity consumption and scope 3 emissions from business travel by employee.
table: emission factors used to calculate emissions scope: 1, what has been covered: diesel consumption of backup generators, year: 2025, emission factor: energy statistics manual www.iea.org scope: 2, what has been covered: electricity consumption of own business operations, year: 2025, emission factor: singapore: singapore energy market authority website assessed on 9 december 2021 malaysia: greentech malaysia, 2017 clean development mechanism cdm electricity baseline for malaysia indonesia: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emission factors for electricity interconnection systems, released in 2019 scope: 3, what has been covered: business travel, emission factor: travel agency's report, or carbon emissions by destination using un's international civil aviation organisation icao carbon emissions calculator, or uk government greenhouse gas conversion factors for greenhouse gas reporting: “business travel – air” table end.
performance index environment greenhouse gas emissions absolute emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent ¹ year: 2022, value: 13,080.4 year: 2021, value: 12,093.6 year: 2020, value: 11,529.2 year: 2019, value: 14,732.0 table end.
greenhouse gas scope 1 – diesel consumption of backup generators² year: 2022, value: 0.43 year: 2021, value: 30.82 year: 2020, value: 0.00 year: 2019, value: 0.00 table end.
greenhouse gas scope 1 – fuel consumption of company vehicles year: 2022, value: 163.0 year: 2021, value: na year: 2020, value: na year: 2019, value: na table end.
greenhouse gas scope 2 – electricity consumption of own business operations¹ year: 2022, value: 12,714.7 year: 2021, value: 12,049.3 year: 2020, value: 11,512.5 year: 2019, value: 14,542.0 table end.
greenhouse gas scope 3 – business travel by employee³ year: 2022, value: 202.3 year: 2021, value: 13.5 year: 2020, value: 16.7 year: 2019, value: 190.0 table end.
emissions intensity ¹ year: 2022, value: 2.61 year: 2021, value: 2.54 year: 2020, value: 2.44 year: 2019, value: 3.25 table end.
greenhouse gas scope 1 – diesel consumption of backup generators per total headcount year: 2022, value: 0.00 year: 2021, value: 0.01 year: 2020, value: 0.00 year: 2019, value: 0.00 table end.
greenhouse gas scope 1 – fuel consumption of company vehicles per total headcount year: 2022, value: 0.03 year: 2021, value: na year: 2020, value: na year: 2019, value: na table end.
greenhouse gas scope 2 – electricity consumption of own business operations per total headcount ¹ year: 2022, value: 2.54 year: 2021, value: 2.54 year: 2020, value: 2.44 year: 2019, value: 3.21 table end.
greenhouse gas scope 3 – business travel by employee per total headcount year: 2022, value: 0.04 year: 2021, value: 0.00 year: 2020, value: 0.00 year: 2019, value: 0.04 table end.
greenhouse gas scope 2 – electricity consumption of own business operations¹ year: 2022, value: 23,690.7 year: 2021, value: 22,483.8 year: 2020, value: 21,585.6 year: 2019, value: 26,965.7 table end.
energy consumption intensity mwh per total headcount ¹ year: 2022, value: 4.6 year: 2021, value: 4.7 year: 2020, value: 4.6 year: 2019, value: 5.9 table end.
water consumption total water consumption cubic meters ¹ year: 2022, value: 201,714 year: 2021, value: 172,538 year: 2020, value: 200,993 year: 2019, value: 253,255 table end.
water consumption of own business operations year: 2022, value: 201,714 year: 2021, value: 172,538 year: 2020, value: 200,993 year: 2019, value: 253,255 table end.
water consumption of own business operations cubic meters per total headcount ¹ year: 2022, value: 40.3 year: 2021, value: 36.3 year: 2020, value: 42.5 year: 2019, value: 55.1 table end.
waste generation total waste generation in metric total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste year: 2022, value: 257.1 year: 2021, value: 237.7 year: 2020, value: 224.0 year: 2019, value: 4.0 table end.
3. the figure is small in 2020 and 2021 due to lesser business air travel, which were affected by the covid situation.
contract and temporary employees year: 2022, contract and temporary employees: 77, singapore¹: 46, malaysia: 14, indonesia: 17, brunei: 0 year: 2021, contract and temporary employees: 75, singapore¹: 42, malaysia: 11, indonesia: 22, brunei: 0 year: 2020, contract and temporary employees: 72, singapore¹: 34, malaysia: 17, indonesia: 21, brunei: 0 table end.
training² total training hours per year year: 2022, total training hours per year: 126,956, female: 80,279, male: 46,677 year: 2021, total training hours per year: 105,056, female: 65,033, male: 40,023 year: 2020, total training hours per year: 65,467, female: 40,174, male: 25,293 table end.
average training hours per employee year: 2022, average training hours per employee: 26.2, female: 26.2, male: 26.3 year: 2021, average training hours per employee: 22.9, female: 21.9, male: 24.5 year: 2020, average training hours per employee: 14.3, female: 13.6, male: 15.7 table end.
average training hours per employee level: svp and above, average training hours per employee: 35.2 level: avp and vp, average training hours per employee: 29.7 level: managers and associates, average training hours per employee: 26.5 level: non-executives, average training hours per employee: 14.6 table end.
occupational health & safety³ category: fatalities, 2022: 0 category: high-consequence injuries, 2022: 0 category: recordable injuries, 2022: 0 category: recordable work-related ill health cases, 2022: 0 table end.
notes: 1. refers to lgi and gel employees including those located in beijing and myanmar . 2. 2022 training data excludes lgi.
restated 2020 and 2021 training data to exclude lgi for consistency.
board composition² item: board independence, 2022: 60% item: women on the board, 2022: 20% table end.
management diversity² item: women in the management team, 2022: 30% table end.
ethical behaviour² item: anti-corruption disclosures, : refer to pages 26 and 40 item: anti-corruption training for employees, : 100% table end.
refer to pages 13 and 18; restatement of electricity and water consumption data.
activities and workers gri standard: 2-6, disclosure title: activities, value chain and other business relationships, page reference and remarks: financial statements, 2022 annual report, page 86; group network, 2022 annual report, page 218; great eastern engages external service providers in it, advertising, outsourcing, hr recruitment, legal, real estate/facilities.
gri standard: 2-7, disclosure title: information on employees and other workers, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 36 gri standard: 2-8, disclosure title: workers who are not employees, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 36 indirect contract employee table end.
governance gri standard: 2-9, disclosure title: governance structure and composition, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60; our sustainability approach, page 6 gri standard: 2-10, disclosure title: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 gri standard: 2-11, disclosure title: chair of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 gri standard: 2-12, disclosure title: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, page reference and remarks: our sustainability approach, page 6 gri standard: 2-13, disclosure title: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, page reference and remarks: our sustainability approach, page 6 gri standard: 2-14, disclosure title: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, page reference and remarks: our sustainability approach, page 6 gri standard: 2-15, disclosure title: conflicts of interests, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 gri standard: 2-16, disclosure title: communication of critical concerns, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 table end.
gri content index table: gri standard disclosure index gri standard: 2-17, disclosure title: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 gri standard: 2-18, disclosure title: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 gri standard: 2-19, disclosure title: remuneration policies, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 gri standard: 2-20, disclosure title: process to determine remuneration gri standard: 2-21, disclosure title: annual total compensation ratio, page reference and remarks: we do not disclose against this metric due to confidentiality constraints.
gri standard: 2-28, disclosure title: membership of associations, page reference and remarks: we are an hcpartner, part of our support for singapore's tripartite alliance for fair & progressive employment practices' tafep human capital partnership hcp programme.
in malaysia, the national union of commercial workers nucw , and insurance industry administrative officers association iiaoa represent the applicable cohorts on collective bargaining.
anti-corruption gri 3: material topics 2021 / gri 205: anti-corruption 2016 robust governance gri standard: 3-3, disclosure title: management of material topics, page reference and remarks: managing our business responsibly, page 26 gri standard: 205-2, disclosure title: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, page reference and remarks: corporate governance, 2022 annual report, page 60 board orientation and development . we achieved 100% completion of mandatory employee training cyber security, fraud risk management, whistle-blowing, insider trading, anti-money laundering / countering the financing of terrorism, personal data protection act, complaint handling, group incident management and code of conduct table end.
energy gri 3: material topics 2021 / gri 302: energy 2016 operational net zero by 2025 gri standard: 3-3, disclosure title: management of material topics, page reference and remarks: managing our environmental footprint, page 13 gri standard: 302-1, disclosure title: energy consumption within the organisation, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 35 energy consumption gri standard: 302-3, disclosure title: energy intensity, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 35 energy intensity gri standard: 302-4, disclosure title: reduction of energy consumption, page reference and remarks: managing our environmental footprint, page 13 table end.
water and effluents gri 3: material topics 2021 / gri 303: water and effluents 2018 operational net zero by 2025 gri standard: 3-3, disclosure title: management of material topics, page reference and remarks: managing our environmental footprint, page 13 gri standard: 303-5, disclosure title: water consumption, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 35 water consumption table end.
emissions gri 3: material topics 2021 / gri 305: emissions 2016 operational net zero by 2025 gri standard: 3-3, disclosure title: management of material topics, page reference and remarks: managing our environmental footprint, page 13 gri standard: 305-1, disclosure title: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 35 greenhouse gas emissions gri standard: 305-2, disclosure title: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 35 greenhouse gas emissions table end.
training and education gri 3: material topics 2021/gri 404: training and education 2016 creating a great place to work for the best talents gri standard: 3-3, disclosure title: management of material topics, page reference and remarks: creating a great place to work for the best talents, page 29 gri standard: 404-1, disclosure title: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, page reference and remarks: performance index, page 36 training table end.
glossary abbreviation: aigcc, description: asia investor group on climate change abbreviation: ccpt, description: bank negara malaysia climate change and principle-based taxonomy abbreviation: cfe, description: centre for excellence abbreviation: cpf, description: central provident fund abbreviation: esg, description: environmental, social and governance abbreviation: fte, description: full time employee abbreviation: gbi, description: green building index abbreviation: geli, description: great eastern life indonesia abbreviation: getb, description: great eastern takaful berhad abbreviation: greenhouse gas, description: greenhouse gas abbreviation: gmc, description: group management committee abbreviation: gri, description: global reporting initiative standards abbreviation: ibf, description: institute of banking and finance abbreviation: iccsc, description: insurance culture and conduct steering committee abbreviation: lgi, description: lion global investors abbreviation: lia, description: life insurance association abbreviation: mas, description: monetary authority of singapore abbreviation: moh, description: ministry of health abbreviation: pcaf, description: partnership for carbon accounting financials abbreviation: rmc, description: risk management committee abbreviation: sc, description: sustainability committee abbreviation: sgx, description: singapore exchange abbreviation: tcfd, description: taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures abbreviation: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, description: metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent abbreviation: un psi, description: united nations principles for sustainable insurance abbreviation: un sdgs, description: united nations sustainable development goals table end.
