sustainability report board statement hotung investment holdings limited “hihl” is committed to building a sustainable business by adopting environmental, social, and governance “esg” targets.
hihl uses the gri standards for its sustainability report framework, considering business impact on the economy and people, including human rights.
this report is the first attempt to disclose the group's approach to managing climate risks and opportunities, guided by the task force on climate-related disclosures tcfd recommendations.
the management is responsible for implementing, monitoring, and reporting on esg factors, including climate-related material issues, targets, and performance.
hihl acknowledges the need for global action to address rising temperatures and reduce climate change threats.
it invests in technologies and innovations to tackle global problems and meet societal needs, aiming to improve living standards.
hihl avoids investments in companies with negative social or environmental practices.
for a full list of references and disclosures, see the gri content index pages 69-70 . sustainability report the climate-related disclosures in the sustainability report are guided by the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” , which have four overarching elements – governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
we conduct our operations and businesses in a sustainable and ethical way.
the board also determines material esg factors, including climate-related metrics and targets.
the board monitors and oversees progress against material esg factors, including climate goals and targets through regular updates by the management.
our management team is responsible for strategic planning, business-goal, risk management, and financial tracking overall firm governance and talent management.
stakeholder engagement the board adopts a balance between the needs and interests of key stakeholders, considering the best interests of the company.
seminars for training and development.
annual audit., concerns and interests: organizational financial performance.
health and safety of employees.
training and education.
annual general meetings: questions and answers session., concerns and interests: organizational financial performance, including dividend policy.
key stakeholders: investee companies, modes of engagement: email/electronic communications: “contact us”.
regular meetings, teleconference, and email correspondences., concerns and interests: risk management.
business ethics.
corporate governance.
key stakeholders: regulators, modes of engagement: compliance policy, rules, and regulation.
correspondences via mail, email, or teleconference., concerns and interests: compliance with policies, rules, and regulations, including sustainability reporting.
we excluded the material topics addressed in corporate governance report, such as board composition and risk management.
sustainability report validation the board had the final review and approved 7 material topics selected for sustainability reporting.
policies and choices made today will determine the success in building a transition to a more resilient tomorrow.
sustainability report 2 operational resilience: in 2023, although covid-19 has subsided, the company will still incorporate the management of highly contagious diseases similar to covid-19 into its sustainable business plan.
3 technological resilience: the group invested in strong, secure, and flexible infrastructure, including managing cyber threats and avoiding technology breakdown.
2. leverage cloud service of firewall to get better and more comprehensive cyber protection.
2. safeguarding a sustainable environment sustainability sector economic environmental social governance definition encouraging and educating employees to be environmentally friendly.
risk global warming will undermine food systems, physical assets, infrastructure, and natural habitats.
alignment with international sustainability frameworks image showing icons for sustainable development goals 7, 11, 12, and 13 gri 302-1: energy consumption within the organization.
gri 302-4: reduction of energy consumption; tcfd gri 305-1-a: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions; tcfd gri 305-2-a: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; tcfd gri 306-2: management of significant waste-related impacts; tcfd we strive to carry out our business operations in an environmentally and socially responsible manner.
while our business does not heavily consume natural resources, we undertake initiatives to reduce our environmental footprint through practices in energy conservation, e-waste management, and comprehensive sorting and recycling.
energy conservation energy is the main contributor to the group's environmental footprint in its day-to-day business operation.
the administration department adopts several practices to contribute to energy conservation in the group's daily operation.
using leds instead of incandescent light, the office minimizes its power consumption from lighting.
we have used the cloud to reduce the energy burden of it infrastructure.
apart from the above, our employees are also encouraged to conserve energy through switching off equipment not in use.
the total energy consumption has maintained a similar consumption with fy2022.
the energy consumption for 2023 was 54,496 kilowatt-hours, equivalent to scope 1 direct emission of about 27,326 kilograms co2.
table: energy consumption and emissions fy2021-fy2023 year: fy2023, total energy consumption kilowatt-hours : 54,496, average energy consumption per employee kilowatt-hours : 1,822, carbon emissions kilograms : 27,326 year: fy2022, total energy consumption kilowatt-hours : 54,813, average energy consumption per employee kilowatt-hours : 1,768, carbon emissions kilograms : 27,674 year: fy2021, total energy consumption kilowatt-hours : 57,616, average energy consumption per employee kilowatt-hours : 1,859, carbon emissions kilograms : 29,242 table end.
the group remains committed to reducing the level of energy consumption in the years to come.
the group targets gradual reduction on the average energy consumption per employee and will start to undertake measures, including notices and reminder emails to encourage employees to reduce energy usage.
sustainability report paper waste disposal it has become common knowledge that wide usage of paper is the culprit of massive deforestation and global warming.
it is not only important to recycle but to reduce paper wastage.
we have implemented the following measures to reduce paper consumption: permanent double-sided printing on all printer settings.
implement digital forms and online leave request and approvals, removing the need to have hardcopy approvals since july 2022 and september 2022 respectively.
our target is to implement thorough recycling and to reduce wastage by using electronic facilities to minimize printing papers.
water conservation awareness the group's operations do not involve water consumption.
water consumption by the group is mainly from employees' day-to-day consumption and facility cleaning, which are not metered separately by the building management; thus, we are unable to disclose the group's water consumption data.
the group will continue to stress the importance of water conservation and educate employees to be mindful of water wastage in the office.
table: water and carbon emission data fy2021-fy2023 year: fy2023, total water consumption cubic meters : 726, average water consumption per employee cubic meters : 24, carbon emissions kilograms : 40 year: fy2022, total water consumption cubic meters : 618, average water consumption per employee cubic meters : 20, carbon emissions kilograms : 34.53 year: fy2021, total water consumption cubic meters : 656, average water consumption per employee cubic meters : 21, carbon emissions kilograms : 38.68 table end.
fund i invests mainly in climate and sustainability technology companies with prototype or minimum viable products.
the focused industry categories will be related to climate and sustainability technologies, such as energy and storage hardware, food and agriculture, mobility components, heavy industrial technologies, chemical and material, consumer products and circular economy and decarbonization hardware.
we believe that every bit of energy and resources saved counts and goes a long way in contributing to the environmental conservation and protection.
3. staff training and education sustainability sector: economic, environmental, social, governance definition: develop and manage employee skills through training.
risk: by neglecting to educate employees on trends, policies, and advancements, the organization may miss key innovations within the industry.
employees who have not been trained properly are less productive and produce lower-quality work.
less knowledge and training lead to lower performance, resulting in sub-optimal business contribution.
opportunity: employees need to develop new skills and more efficient work habits to adapt to rapidly changing conditions.
developing employees' general capabilities, adaptability, and resilience will better prepare the group for future disruptions.
gri 404-1 average hours of training per year per employee the quality of employees that companies are able to attract and retain is an important competitive advantage.
in a rapidly changing business environment, we will need to ensure that staff training needs are optimized and meet the purpose of upgrading the skillset of our workforce.
this may include seminars, in-house training, and remote video training.
these training programs are designed to provide employees with the relevant skills and knowledge to improve performance at their roles.
the group has invested resources to provide employees with a series of courses to aid their professional and personal growth.
sustainability report the covid-19 pandemic triggered new ways of learning, and the group acknowledges the importance of consistent knowledge building.
we continued to upskill our employees during this period as they acquired new technical knowledge through video sessions.
development & training hours per employee year: fy2023, average training hours per employee: 9.88hr year: fy2022, average training hours per employee: 5.86hr table end.
we will continue to invest in upskilling our employees and provide at least 2 half-year internal trainings in the upcoming year.
4. occupational health & safety sustainability sector: economic, environmental, social, governance definition: create a safe work environment and offer healthy checks to support employees’ overall health.
opportunity: implementing good occupational health and safety management can improve productivity, competitiveness, profitability, and motivation of employees.
improved health and safety performance.
alignment with international sustainability frameworks: goal 3: good health and well-being goal 5: gender equality goal 8: decent work and economic growth goal 10: reduced inequalities gri 403-1 occupational health and safety management system the group’s employees play a key role in long-term success and are therefore its most important asset, which is why employee health and safety is a fundamental prerequisite for the group.
the group is morally, ethically, and legally responsible for occupational health and safety, which ensures the wellbeing of the group’s employees and contractors.
the group complies with occupational safety and health act and the enforcement rules of the occupational safety and health act issued by ministry of labor republic of china taiwan . sustainability report response to covid-19 updated in fy2023 in 2023, although covid-19 has subsided, the company still incorporated the management of highly contagious diseases similar to covid-19 into its business continuity plan.
our goals are to achieve zero occupational injury and incident.
5. diversity, equity, and inclusion sustainability sector: economic, environmental, social, governance definition: develop and maintain a diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce.
risk: lack of infusion of diversity can create a hostile environment and lead to higher employee turnover.
opportunity: diversity in the workplace may enable the group to benefit from a wealth of diverse experiences, knowledge sets, and skills that could help the group to progress further.
diversity and inclusivity may help retain top talent that is already within the group, while attracting more outside talent.
alignment with international sustainability frameworks: gri 405-1: diversity of governance bodies and employees gri 406-1: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken sustainability report building and retaining talent are both crucial for the group.
having a diverse workforce with equal opportunity is one of the ways to build and retain talent.
the group is an equal opportunity employer, and its employees are recruited, promoted, and compensated based on merit, regardless of age, ethnicity, gender, marital status, and disability.
we believe a diverse workforce, where a wide range of varying expertise and perspectives can be brought together to help the group to drive better performance over time.
current employees by gender year: fy2023, male % : 34%, female % : 66% year: fy2022, male % : 33%, female % : 67% year: fy2021, male % : 33%, female % : 67% table end.
the group has pledged to install an inclusive and non-discriminatory culture that focuses on treating all employees fairly.
we adopt a strong stance against discrimination on any biases and are committed to providing equal opportunities.
incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken year: fy2023, incidents: nil year: fy2022, incidents: nil year: fy2021, incidents: nil table end.
compliance will result in greater ability to manage risks and provide better organizational continuity.
alignment with international sustainability frameworks: gri 2: general disclosures we strive to enhance our governance framework, anchored on a strong belief that good corporate governance is the cornerstone of a well-managed and efficient organization.
the board of directors "board" remains committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance to safeguard the interest of all stakeholders.
please refer to "corporate governance report" in the annual report for more details.
the group remains committed to building a strong culture of compliance and has taken steps to ensure that its business practices are in alignment with applicable laws and regulations of the incorporation of group companies, including bermuda, bvi, cayman, and taiwan.
7. business ethics sustainability sector: economic ○ environmental ○ social ○ governance definition: business ethics includes organizational standards, principles, and values that meet a high standard of ethics and govern the actions of individuals to prevent corruption, extortion, and bribery in all markets in which the group operates or does business.
established ethical guidelines would lead the company in times of change and distress.
employees are expected to comply with our "ethics policy," which outlines the standards of behavior in displaying responsible conduct, honesty, and integrity.
the group also adopts the following policies to abide by relevant laws and regulations within the industry: 1 whistle-blowing policy: throughout 2023, we ensured that all employees had access to our whistle-blowing policy by ensuring that it is available on internal platforms and websites.
we will continue to work towards our goal of strengthening our whistle-blowing policy.
please refer to "whistle-blowing policy" of the corporate governance report in the annual report for more details.
it's to ensure all employees' personal investments in hihl are lawful and free from conflicts of interest, including the prohibition on dealings with the company's securities on short-term considerations.
other climate related disclosures strategy our strategy is to ensure the group can withstand climate challenges in a zero-carbon future.
our climate strategy focuses on identifying, evaluating, and mitigating risks related to physical impacts of climate change.
as part of our short-term strategy, we are working on reducing greenhouse gas emissions across our operations.
acute weather events may also pose a risk to our physical assets, such as rising temperatures that can lead to sea level rise and persistent heat waves.
we keep updating our business continuity plan to against the threat to operations that climate impacts can pose and create a variety of different plans and strategies to deal with those threats.
climate risk management the board has set the tone from the top to strengthen the oversight for risks of climate changes.
identification, assessment, and management of climate-related risks have included tcfd considerations and been integrated into processes of the current erm framework by adopting controls with different levels of climate risks, including transition risk and physical risk.
under this integrated framework, quantitative metrics had also been considered on how to apply and manage results for improvement, such as conservation of greenhouse gas emissions, as shown in our sustainability report.
reference no.: 2-8, disclosure: workers who are not employees, location: page 26 to 41 reference no.: 2-9, disclosure: governance structure and composition, location: page 52 reference no.: 2-10, disclosure: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, location: page 35 to 36 reference no.: 2-11, disclosure: chair of the highest governance body, location: page 26 reference no.: 2-12, disclosure: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, location: page 51 page 52 reference no.: 2-13, disclosure: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, location: page 53 to 55 reference no.: 2-14, disclosure: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, location: page 26 page 51 page 52 reference no.: 2-15, disclosure: conflicts of interest, location: page 29 page 49 to 50 reference no.: 2-16, disclosure: communication of critical concerns, location: page 68 reference no.: 2-17, disclosure: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, location: page 35 to 36 reference no.: 2-18, disclosure: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, location: page 32 to 34 reference no.: 2-19, disclosure: remuneration policies, location: page 38 to 39 reference no.: 2-20, disclosure: process to determine remuneration, location: page 39 to 40 reference no.: 2-21, disclosure: annual total compensation ratio, location: page 39 to 40 reference no.: 2-22, disclosure: statement on sustainable development strategy, location: page 130 reference no.: 2-23, disclosure: policy commitments, location: page 51 reference no.: 2-24, disclosure: embedding policy commitments, location: page 51 to 52 table end.
2. describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities., reference and response: page 51 pillars: strategy , recommended disclosures: 3. describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the group has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
5. describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario., reference and response: page 68 pillars: risk management , recommended disclosures: 6. describe the organization's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
7. describe the organization's processes for managing climate-related risks.
10. disclose scope 1, scope 2, and if appropriate scope 3 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks.
11. describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets., reference and response: page 58 to 60 table end.