replace with descriptions if available guided by the company's mission statement “to help investors around the world invest globally and profitably", the company's sustainability strategy is based on its three core values, namely integrity, innovation and transparency, as well as our four corporate social responsibilities “csr” pillars, “charity through sports”, “conserving the environment”, “cultivating financial literacy” and “caring for community”.
the sustainability report will be subjected to internal review by the internal audit team, who will provide feedback on an ongoing basis to improve and enhance future sustainability reports.
another photo shows employees involved in a different sustainability activity.
sustainability@ifast: stakeholders' engagement ifast corp remains committed to continuously engaging with stakeholders through various engagement channels to better understand and address their esg-related concerns, while tracking the impact caused by the company's operations.
stakeholders and engagement channels stakeholders: employees, engagement channels: regular email updates e-newsletters intranet announcement and interaction features meetings, seminars, events e.grams., training and development company updates q&a with management video-conferences other it-related channels, concerns and issues: employment-related concerns: fair employment, employee remuneration, staff welfare and benefits; opportunities for career advancement and development.
health-related initiatives: measures to help employees cope with health and covid-19 concerns; providing wellness packages.
overall wellbeing concerns: sports allowances to encourage healthy lifestyle; staff-initiated sporting activities; contribution to charity via sports., objectives of corresponding esg initiatives: to retain talent within the company to promote a healthy lifestyle for employees to help employees manage their investments to promote better understanding of the company to share the company's values with new employees to communicate new developments and progress to employees table end.
to receive investment-related assistance: ifast academy: investment/personal finance-related sessions for employees to help them invest globally and profitably.
csr partners / communities engagement channels: spontaneous communications concerns and issues: to receive monetary, organisational and/or other forms of support for their organisation/programmes; participation in csr/charity-related events, e.grams. food donation drive, waterway clean up, volunteering activities at food from the heart, willing hearts, sgx bull charge, etc.; enabling customers and partners to be able to give back to the society reward points donation scheme, iwalk initiatives ; to enhance financial literacy; organise public accessible events or send speakers to events targeted at the general public and investment community e.grams. seminars, investment expos, etc. ; publishing research articles on the website and make them available to the public; answering journalists' queries related to markets and financial planning, etc. objectives of corresponding esg initiatives: to give back to society in ways aligned with the company's values and mission statement; to assist our customers in giving back to society with their investment gains; to leverage on the expertise of the in-house research team to provide investment views and ideas to the investors community.
further details on these two committees have been provided in the corporate governance report of this annual report.
regulatory risk management conduct regular compliance and audit checks, coupled with stringent approval processes to detect and deter non-compliance occurrences, while establishing workflow and documentation requirements are in proper order.
ensure timely responses to regulatory and/or governance issues.
identify potential lapses and conflicts of interest, and implement stricter regulatory checks to mitigate.
provide regular communications to employees to highlight the importance of integrity, ethics and fair dealing.
human resource opportunities diversity in the workplace may enable the company to benefit from a wider range of experiences, perspectives and skills that could help the company to progress further.
esg risk management ensure proper and sufficient monitoring of esg material issues and stakeholders' engagement channels are in place to review effectiveness of current measures and policies.
climate / environmental risks short term within 5 years increase in frequency for infrastructure maintenance and equipment replacement due to climate-related issues physical risks "pr" . climate change affecting vendors' provision of products and services causing business lapses transition risks "tr" . increasing awareness on climate/esg bringing about higher scrutiny on product providers bringing negative impact on their sustainability and performance tr . inability to keep up with the newest regulations and policies may bring about reputational risks and market risks tr . medium to long term more than 5 years climate change induced extreme climate disasters inflicting physical risk in the operating environment pr . increasing costs of operations, including relocation or adoption of newer technology and equipment that can withstand extreme climate events pr . climate / environmental risk management establish channels and processes to collect and monitor climate-related data within the company.
establish measures to process and prevent climate-related issues, while instituting regular reviews and enhancements of such initiatives to ensure their relevance and usefulness.
providing feedback to the management and board of the measures taken to manage climate-related issues and risks.
incorporating esg and other climate-related assessment for current and new businesses.
due diligence on business partners, vendors, etc. to include climate-related considerations to better manage climate-related risks from business partners, vendors and product providers.
climate / environmental opportunities short term within 5 years increasing awareness on climate/esg leading to investors to be more careful with their choice of investments, bringing about opportunities to showcase the esg/climate compliant products on the platform.
if industry-leading climate-related policies and standards are properly adopted, this consumers' confidence and company's reputation may improve.
material esg issues categorization category: social , description: engaging customers; enabling investors, issue number: 4, 6, 13, 17, 19, 20 category: economic category: governance , description: ensuring compliance; ensuring sustainability, issue number: 2, 5, 11, 12, 21 category: environmental table end.
empowering employees; enriching communities community engagement 3 employee training & product competency 9 employment wellbeing & fair employment practice 10 internal communications 16 embracing innovation; enforcing cybersecurity backend operations 1 cyber security 7 data privacy 8 fintech innovation & development 15 it services & maintenance 18 materiality matrix a matrix showing the materiality impact on ifast, with numbered points for each aspect.
the company has decided to include the “social/economic” aspect into the esg spectrum as the company operates a digital banking and fintech wealth management platform within the financial industry, helping to create value for its customers via their investments.
these sdgs either correspond to certain aspects of the company's operations, or are relevant to the four corporate social responsibilities csr pillars established by the company, namely “caring for community”, “cultivating financial literacy”, “charity through sports”, and “conserving the environment”.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image to extract.
engaging customers; enabling investors " cultivating financial literacy " promoting financial literacy among investor community and the general public with our research expertise empowering employees; enriching community " charity through sports " making a difference to the community whilst encouraging healthy living for employees " caring for community " doing our part to give back to the society through corporate giving, employee volunteering and partnerships " cultivating financial literacy " promoting financial literacy among investor community and the general public with our research expertise embracing innovation; enforcing cybersecurity " cultivating financial literacy " promoting financial literacy among investor community and the general public with our research expertise these are some of the initiatives undertaken by the company to achieve the seven identified unsdgs: to reduce poverty by providing monetary and donations-in-kind support to the needy, and by enabling customers of the company to also do their part to contribute to the less fortunate in the society to provide easily accessible financial education and investment content via various channels organising and participating in activities such as food items donation drives, food distribution and providing monetary donations that are aimed at providing food to the needy to promote well-being of employees via various medical and health-related initiatives to encourage staff to participate in sporting-related activities to raise funds for charity organisations promoting financial literacy and providing financial-related education through the company’s research and content providing sponsorships, donations, mentorship to support youth and student-related charity organisations and initiatives providing training opportunities to employees to upgrade their skill set providing meaningful employment investment and wealth management services provided by the group can help investors serviced by the company’s investment platforms to generate value for the economy providing transparent and accessible information/research to all, reducing inequalities in the form of information inaccessibility financial and investment events publicly accessible to help investors fair employment policy in place to deter discriminatory practices promote awareness of climate-related issues to employees, including mitigation actions such as recycling, energy conservation, water conservation, and by organising and participating in climate-related activities and initiatives leveraging on the company’s fintech and it capabilities to develop business solutions to create positive climate impact, such as reduction of paper usage creating sustainable investing and impact investing awareness among the investment community via content/research articles and esg events embracing innovation; enforcing cybersecurity developing it capabilities in-house has been ifast corp's key focus since the company's inception in 2000, and this has powered the company to create innovative fintech solutions for our customers and partners, all before “fintech” became an industry buzzword.
with the enhancements, egiro will be a faster and paperless way for investors to start setting up automatic deductions for their regular investments and/or cash management solutions.
apart from providing more convenience to our customers, this process has also helped to reduce paper use and carbon footprint by reducing paper used in envelopes, cheques, additional paper forms, and also eliminating the commuting required for cheques postage and deposit.
customers no longer have to transfer their investment proceeds to their bank accounts to utilise them for their personal spending.
enhancing processes to enrich investors' experience the various business units under ifast have taken in feedback from our customers to work on various services and features that cater to the needs of our investors.
some of the initiatives launched in 2022 included enabling "dark mode" on mobile apps, which not only helps to enhance user experiences, but also lower energy use on mobile devices.
itp: ifast's foundation of innovation innovation, one of the three core values of ifast corp, has helped the company to remain competitive and relevant when operating in the fast-changing fintech landscape.
established since 2015, the objective of ifast it partnership “itp” is to provide an environment for our it personnel that gives them greater freedom and independence to propose and drive projects akin to running their own business, as well as ensuring in-house it developers are properly incentivised to innovate and enhance current systems.
the structure is modelled and customised based on the partnership structure found in some audit and law firms, and the company hopes the itps can drive growth to newer and greater heights, for the benefit of its clients and employees.
in 2022, the group has a total of 12 itp 2021: 12 teams.
in 2022, a total of 15,589 man-days were recorded by the itps for developing and maintaining it capabilities in singapore.
in 2022, the company has managed to keep its maximum unscheduled downtime for critical systems lower than the target stipulated by the monetary authority of singapore “mas” , which is four hours of training per employee within any period of 12 months.
the company invests time, resources, and creative talent to combat the ever-evolving, increasingly sophisticated cyber threat landscape.
ifast corp works closely with partners to evaluate and implement new security technologies to strengthen its security and cyber defenses.
the company proactively provides security awareness training and regularly sends it security operations and technology risk team members to cybersecurity-related conferences and training courses.
ifast corp's cybersecurity team members hold globally recognized certifications and are required to complete 40 hours of training per employee of continuing professional education annually.
internal cybersecurity awareness the tech risk and secops departments manage the information security awareness program, which includes annual it security policies briefings for all employees.
in 2022, the company implemented various initiatives to strengthen its cyber defenses, readiness, and response.
these included vulnerability assessments, penetration testing, email phishing simulation exercises, security inductions for new employees, and disaster recovery exercises affecting its computing systems.
training sessions covered security for computer use, email, internet and network security, and provided examples of good computing practices and vigilant measures against social engineering, phishing attacks, and cyber extortion.
in 2022, all new and existing employees completed virtual cybersecurity training.
the company aims for 100% participation in relevant information security training for all new employees and ongoing training for existing employees.
embracing innovation; enforcing cybersecurity cybersecurity updates – keeping customers safe apart from establishing measures to protect its it system against cybersecurity lapses, ifast corp has also taken steps to educate its customers on the best practices to protect themselves against scams and threats on the internet.
in the face of increasing scams targeting individuals and investors through various channels during the year, the company has also undertaken additional initiatives and precautions to prevent our customers from falling victim to such scams.
in 2022, fsmone launched a dedicated online security page to promote security education and awareness, aggregating various content and the latest security updates to share tips with customers on cybersecurity measures, including how to identify online phishing and spyware, as well as tips to safeguard one's online identity and passwords.
the dedicated online security page also listed various fraudulent or impersonation scams that may impact and implicate its customers, helping our customers remain updated on the latest security threats and scams/frauds.
similar informational/educational content including articles and video clips pertaining to scams awareness are also featured on fsmone's online security page, as well as the various ifast platforms, providing customers with more information on good practices pertaining to cybersecurity and scam awareness.
content relating to investment scams such as pump and dump scams were also shared online via social media and online trading platforms to bring greater awareness to readers.
going forward, with ongoing threats to cybersecurity, the company will continue to target quarterly publishing of cybersecurity content pieces to sustain customers' awareness in their fight against cyber threats.
the tech risk department reviews internal access control at regular intervals, providing assistance to the different departments to determine their data sensitivity while advising them on the controls available.
the roles of dpos include developing policies for handling personal data in electronic and non-electronic forms, communicating internal personal data policies to customers and handling any queries or complaints related to the protection of personal data.
the dpos also engage all employees to communicate the data protection policies and their roles in safeguarding its customers’ personal data to understand the internal processes in place to protect personal data.
the training for personal data protection is conducted together with the company’s yearly aml/cft and fair dealing training for all employees, where they will be provided with training materials and are required to pass an online assessment to ensure competency.
the company spares no effort in ensuring that the principles of pdpa are properly adhered to at all times.
employees involved in the collection of personal data are provided with adequate training.
in 2022, there were no incidents which required escalation to the pdpc.
the company is also committed to continuously empower and motivate employees to reach their potential.
out of our four csr pillars, two pillars "charity through sports" and "caring for community" are dedicated to the community, demonstrating the company's commitment in making a positive impact to the community through our various initiatives.
equal employment opportunities and other employment policies the company believes a diverse workforce is able to bring together a wide range of varying expertise and perspectives and push the company to the next level.
the company hires, promotes, develops and compensates employees based on meritocracy and without regard for age, gender, disability, marital status, race or colour, national origin, religion, sexual orientation or any other legally protected class or status.
the company's recruitment practices will continue to adhere to the equal employment opportunity policy, while complying with all applicable government regulations pertaining to safety, health and environmental aspects, and establishing systems which provide a safe and healthy workplace for employees.
employees who believe that they have been subjected to discriminatory behaviour are able to access grievance handling channels to escalate their complaints, and the human resource department will determine the appropriate actions to be taken.
as at 31 december 2022, ifast corp has more than 1,189 employees across the four markets singapore, hong kong, malaysia, uk that it operates in 2021: 1,097 . in singapore, the company has employed a total of 288 employees as at end december 2022 end december 2021: 286 . as shown in table 2 , in the years from 2020 to 2022, the company has maintained a gender diverse workforce with an almost balanced gender ratio.
more than 85% of its workforce are singaporeans and permanent residents, an indication of ifast corp's commitment to employ local talents, especially those within the fintech space.
ifast financial pte ltd singapore has been recognised as a human capital partner under the human capital partnership "hcp" programme managed by the tafep-tripartite alliance for fair and progressive employment practices since 2020. the hcp programme, supported by the ministry of manpower, recognises and supports employers who invest in human capital and adopt progressive workplace practices.
the offered packages will also be in line with the qualifications, experience, performance, and job scope of the employees.
other than remuneration packages, the company provides various types of benefits to employees, including medical and dental benefits to care for their physical well-being, as well as insurance coverage that includes hospitalization and surgery benefits.
the company provides parental leave in accordance with the regulations in singapore, including maternity leave for eligible female employees, shared parental leave for working fathers, adoption leave for adoptive mothers, paternity leave, childcare leave and extended childcare leave.
care for employees amidst the covid-19 pandemic since the covid-19 pandemic began in 2020, the company has abided by the different regulations to minimise the spread of covid-19, and implemented various initiatives to ensure the safety and health of our employees.
while covid-19 related restrictions and regulations were relaxed over the year, work-from-home “wfh” arrangements are continued for most employees, and most departments have been able to maintain a 60% work-in-office and 40% wfh ratio split.
with the introduction of a two-day honour-based medical leave system since 2020, employees will not be required to submit medical certificates for two out of their 14 days of medical leave entitlement, if they have completed their covid-19 vaccination and developed side effects, or if they require additional rest at home due to mild medical symptoms, or if they are feeling unwell but do not require additional medical attention.
under the we'llbeflex scheme, employees have been able to put in claims for covid-19 consumables such as art kits, surgical masks, hand sanitisers, etc. that they already bought at their own expense to minimise covid-exposure.
helping employees insure affordably and invest profitably as a wealth management fintech platform, the company has launched schemes to help employees kick-start their investing journey and grow their investment portfolios for themselves or their families.
other initiatives such as the “employee investment scheme” also help employees start their regular investment journey, where the company co-invests alongside the employees, providing a loss buffer to help them make the first step in achieving their financial goals via investments.
employee training development the company believes that relevant education and/or training is necessary to empower its employees and boost their work performance.
hence, employees who have enrolled for external courses which strengthen their work expertise will be supported by the company.
similarly, the company also supports employees to take up other short-term courses, day seminars and conferences that can add value to their knowledge and expertise.
the company has set up a resource planning department in malaysia since 2021, and the department is testament to the company’s dedication towards continually advancing its workforce and optimising operational efficiencies.
the department’s mission is to provide a continuous support system for various regional functions, spanning across employer branding, human resource to training and development, with the objective to enhance employee understanding of the group’s dynamic fintech ecosystem.
this enhances overall productivity and efficiency, ultimately driving the attainment of organisational goals.
in 2022, the total average number of training hours of training per employee per staff was 1.36 days 2021: 1.16 days . the company targets to improve the total average hours of training per employee of training per year for each employee, to ensure its employees receive the necessary training in line with their scope of work.
table: average training hours per employee 2020-2022 category: average training hours of training per employee per employee , 2022 days : 1.36, 2021 days : 1.16, 2020 days : 1.37 category: average training hours of training per employee per employee by gender category: male m , 2022 days : 1.44, 2021 days : 1.43, 2020 days : 1.31 category: female f , 2022 days : 1.24, 2021 days : 0.81, 2020 days : 1.44 category: average training hours of training per employee per employee by rank category: rank 1-2, 2022 days : 2.07, 2021 days : 2.58, 2020 days : 1.07 category: rank 3-5, 2022 days : 1.23, 2021 days : 0.83, 2020 days : 1.48 table end.
empowering employees; enriching communities internal communications the company reaches out to employees via channels such as the company's e-newsletters and corporate update sessions, to regularly notify them of the latest news and developments of the company.
the company is also committed to launch initiatives in order to continuously engage employees and enable them to receive the latest information and updates about the company and its various regional subsidiaries.
ifast vibes employee e-newsletter first launched in 2014, ifast vibes is a bi-monthly e-newsletter circulated internally within ifast group to update all internal staff on major developments and recent activities that are happening across the regional offices.
apart from sharing the latest business development and the various ongoing and past activities organised by different departments and business units, regular columns on topics including fair dealing and esg are also featured in ifast vibes.
penned by the compliance team and sustainability working group “swg” respectively, these regular column features aim to promote awareness of fair dealing and esg among employees.
in 2022, a special series was launched, introducing employees in our various regional offices who have newly taken up management roles over the last year, showcasing their career journey in ifast, and how they have stepped up and progressed within the company to take on greater responsibilities.
with physical meetings mostly restricted in the last two years, the company has also live-streamed the sessions virtually via zoom to continue engaging its employees.
this provided a chance for our regional employees to directly engage our singapore-based senior management team, while senior management teams are also able to hear directly from employees on their most pressing concerns.
in addition, local update sessions were also held separately for singapore, hong kong and malaysia employees.
in addition, the corporate communications team also presented one corporate update session in chinese for its china-based employees for them to better appreciate and understand the company's latest developments and progress.
company intranet following a revamp to incorporate social media interactivity features, ifast's corporate intranet saw employees actively sharing important announcements and updates with other regional employees in the group, including business plans, new developments, and other hr and employee benefits and promotions etc. ifast corp also launched a csr campaign called “ifast share and care" via the company intranet in the last two years 2022 and 2021 . employees are encouraged to share their experiences when participating in charity and/or volunteer activities over the year.
for the top posts with the most likes from fellow colleagues, our employee-volunteers walked away with singapore dollar1,000 to singapore dollar2,000 worth of donations made by ifast corp for the charity organisations that they have supported and/or volunteered with.
in 2022, seven regional organisations spanning across animal welfare, social enterprises, cultural organisations and community support categories benefited from the support of the company's employee-volunteers, including asian cultural symphony orchestra singapore , mdm wong's shelter singapore , red cross society singapore , sacs senior activity centre singapore , youthline singapore , ceo canteen malaysia and trinity children's home malaysia . there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
caring for community at ifast corp, other than leveraging the company’s research capabilities to engage the investor community to “promote financial literacy”, which will be presented in depth in the next section “engaging customers, enabling investors”, ifast corp has also been working on various initiatives to contribute and give back to the society via different csr initiatives held over the year that are aligned to our “care for community” and “charity through sports” csr pillars.
charity through sports “taking part in sports helped me learn the value of dedication and perseverance for a certain cause.
in sports, i learned that while a target may look unattainable at first, upon closer analysis, with determination and hard work, it becomes achievable.” mr lim chung chun.
this quote from ifast corp’s ceo mr lim chung chun has been the reason behind why the company has instituted “charity through sports” as a core csr pillar.
the company has been promoting active sports participation among employees, and to support charity initiatives that are related to sports.
through the physically challenging and intellectually stimulating sporting events, the company hopes to promote healthy lifestyle among employees that emphasizes the importance of both physical and financial health, while providing them with opportunities to give back to society.
in 2022, ifast hong kong made a donation to foodsport, a social innovation campaign to support their “foodsport wednesday” and “foodsport virtual 1000kcal challenge” initiatives.
these virtual sports events encourage the public to exercise and burn calories to raise food donations.
donations were directed to foodsport’s designated beneficiary “christian action’s centre for refugees” to provide food assistance to refugees in hong kong.
the organisation’s vision to build a respectful, inclusive society and provide a platform for refugees to feel empowered and valued.
sgx bull run 2022 sgx held its annual fundraising event “sgx cares bull charge charity run 2022” from 28 october to 11 november 2022, and ifast corp supported this charity initiative for the third consecutive year by providing sponsorship while also encouraging employees to actively participate in this fundraising sporting event.
driven by one of the long-standing csr themes “charity through sports”, around 300 ifast’s employees from singapore, hong kong, malaysia, china and uk offices participated actively in this event.
to further motivate employees to run/walk the extra mile for a good cause, further incentives were also awarded to individuals and top teams who have clocked the longest distance.
various four-man teams and individual runners from ifast were also featured prominently in the leaderboard, showing their dedication and commitment towards this charity sports event.
ifast volunteers assemble in 2022, the corporate communications team in charge of csr activities, organised a wide range of volunteering activities to support various organisations in singapore.
a total of 160 volunteer hours of training per employee were clocked in 2022 2021: 150 . ifast corp remains committed to supporting charity and volunteering events, and plans to hold more of volunteering events in the upcoming years.
from 2023, the company targets to increase the volunteering hours of training per employee of employees by at least 10% on an annual basis in the upcoming three years, as the company continue to contribute back to the society.
charity for community sponsorship for underprivileged children in 2022, the company continued to partner glyph, a social enterprise that supports children and youths from lower income households or challenging family environments.
in line with the “conserving the environment” and “caring for community” csr pillars, the company provided sponsorship to conduct two series of workshops “eco warrior” and “dollar warrior” for their students during the june holidays.
each workshop consisted of 4 sessions, and ifast employee-volunteers also participated in one of the dollar warrior workshop sessions to help co-facilitate the class and guide students who needed additional support.
ifast singapore also donated unused stationery including notebooks to glyph, and the organisation has also fully made use of these notebooks to start a journaling project by encouraging students and teachers to write to each other every week.
this provides an opportunity for introverted and reserved students to connect with their teachers and mentors outside the classroom.
empowering employees; enriching communities reward points donation scheme other than directly supporting charitable causes, the company has launched initiatives to provide convenient channels for its customers to give back to society.
in singapore, fsmone.com customers are able to utilize their reward points for a good cause by converting their reward points into cash donations for two of the selected charity partners.
as at 31 december 2022, fsmone.com singapore customers can choose to donate to community chest, a local charity organization that raises funds for more than 80 charities in singapore, or shine formerly known as students care service , an innovative and collaborative organization that is committed to delivering quality and relevant services to children and youths to maximize their potential.
other charity donations and campaigns some of the charity initiatives and activities held in 2022 are: the sustainability working group "swg" shared in our bi-monthly e-newsletter a list of organizations in need of donations, or are running fundraising drives, to bring awareness to our employees and for them to show their support.
ifast hong kong co-organized an elderly home visit with the hong kong family welfare society hkfws in june.
hkfws strives to provide high-quality services that improve the lives of society and to advocate family well-being.
other than packed hundreds of goodie bags containing dry food, daily necessities, and fruits for distribution, our staff volunteers also visited the elderlies residing in to kwa wan and kowloon city areas to present them with the goodie bags.
the company organized a "ifast singapore food donation drive" in june, where food items collected from employees were donated to food from the heart “ffth” , a food donation organization caring for low-income households.
the company also organized two volunteering sessions in july and august 2022, where ifast volunteers help out in the soup kitchen operated by willing hearts, a charity organization that prepares, cooks and distributes about 11,000 daily meals to over 70 locations in singapore, 365 days a year.
willing hearts' beneficiaries include the elderly, the disabled, low-income families, children from single-parent families or otherwise poverty-stricken families, and migrant workers in singapore.
the malaysia office organized a blood donation campaign with the support of a medical team from national blood centre pdn in end-august.
wss also provided ifast employee-volunteers with insightful knowledge on the state of water usage in singapore, highlighting the importance of water conservation.
ifast corp was one of the corporate donors for the hope train, an annual campaign organized by children's cancer foundation ccf in commemoration of childhood cancer awareness month in september.
material issues covered: 3 community engagement 9 employee training & product competency 10 employment wellbeing & fair employment practice 16 internal communications un sustainable development goals relevant to "empowering employees; enriching communities": 1 no poverty 2 zero hunger 3 good health and well being 4 quality education 8 decent work and economic growth 10 reducing inequalities engaging customers; enabling investors since the inception of ifast corp as an online unit trust investing platform back in 2000, the company has evolved to become a digital banking and fintech wealth management platform.
the company’s “pro-investor” position has guided it to provide timely and sufficient disclosures, understanding their importance for shareholders and the investor community.
the company aims to continue ensuring due diligence.
the approval process involves the head of department and compliance team members to prevent misrepresentations or compliance/regulation lapses.
the process ensures marketing campaign mechanisms are fair, unambiguous, and not misleading.
in 2022, no incidents were officially lodged regarding misleading marketing materials.
in singapore, the ia team advises customers who did not pass their customer knowledge assessment cka and customer account review car , helping them start their investing journey.
similarly, a strict internal control process has also been set in place to ensure that only quality and suitable advice are provided to customers, where the head of department or supervisors of the ia team will have to review and approve the advice and recommendations provided to each customer.
in the annual customer satisfaction survey conducted by fsmone.com singapore in 2022, 95.5% of the respondents who indicated that they had met up with our investment advisory team gave either a neutral or positive responses when asked "are you satisfied with their investment advisory team services?".
customers who prefer in-person interactions have the option to visit ifast offices during business hours of training per employee to approach customer service personnel on duty for assistance.
customers can also call the customer service hotline for assistance during hotline operating hours of training per employee.
a new initiative was also launched in 2022 for customers who have received assistance from the fsmone customer service team via emails, enabling them to leave their feedback and star ratings.
a similar star rating for customers whom have received assistance via online live chat was also implemented.
helping investors invest better with research and financial education over the years since ifast corp's inception, the company has remained true to its mission statement “to help investors around the world invest globally and profitably”, launching numerous research-related initiatives to help investors make informed investment decisions.
the research teams hold weekly discussions and adhoc meetings to brainstorm and conceptualise research ideas before the article-writing process begins, facilitating the development of investment ideas between analysts based in regional offices.
research content: for partners and customers timely information, useful tools, and viable investment ideas are important factors that contribute towards informed investment decisions.
the various research teams regularly review markets and sectors under their coverage, while also providing insights on the changes in investment propositions for the various markets and sectors under their coverage.
regular research training the company's b2b division, together with the research team, hosts the monthly morning meetings for b2b partners, where in-house analysts and product provider partners speak on topics ranging from market updates to product ideas, helping the b2b fas to grasp timely updates and information.
the research team conducts ad-hoc research updates to equip internal licensed representatives and b2b fa partners with the necessary knowledge and updates on the various products on board the ifast platforms.
a monthly e-newsletter is curated for the b2b fa partners, helping them stay on top of markets and better manage their customers' portfolios.
for mobile applications, notifications are sent out when important research updates are published, enabling customers to receive and view the latest analysis on the markets and their investments.
the research and content teams across the group receive frequent enquiries from the media for their comments on a wide range of topics, including market trends and movements, products performance, as well as retirement and wealth planning.
in 2022, the team's comments were quoted in more than 180 articles 2021: 130 published in the straits times, the business times, lianhe zaobao and cna digital.
research analysts based in the singapore office were also featured on live studio and recorded interviews on channel newsasia and channel 8, and participated in local radio features on haofm 96.3, capital 95.8fm and cna938.
cultivating financial literacy; promoting investment education reaching out to investors with physical events & virtual webinars ifast's b2b and b2c divisions organize research-driven events on a regular basis to engage its customers, the investor community and the general public.
while the covid-19 pandemic has restricted the conducting of physical events since 2020, the different teams across ifast corp have adapted to the new normal by holding online webinars to directly engage customers, keeping them safe both in terms of physical health and financial health, with frequent updates on market movements.
in singapore, the b2c platform also organized larger-scale virtual events in 2022, including etf festival 2022, mid-year review 2022 in collaboration with ifast global markets singapore and fsmone choice awards 2022 where different partner speakers were invited to share their insight on etfs, provide in-depth discussion on the macroeconomic outlook in 2h2022, and to showcase the award-winning unit trusts for the year.
with covid-19 restrictions gradually relaxing over the year, business units across the group have resumed organizing physical events, and often live-streaming such events to bring convenience to its customers.
fsmone investment academy first launched on singapore fsmone.com in 2021, the “fsmone investment academy” is a new investor education program meant exclusively for fsmone account holders.
the fsmone investment academy is created with the goal to help our customers gain new insights from the various external investment partners that the company have worked with, including the fifth person, the smart investor and value invest asia, to conduct a series of thematic investment courses exclusively for the higher tier fsmone.com customers.
customers were able to sign up for the virtual training sessions, and to interact and pose questions to the trainers during the session.
a total of 8 fsmone investment academy sessions were held in 2022, covering topics such as let's talk about s-reits, investing in an inflationary environment, dividend ideas in hong kong and a-share markets.
following the launch of fsmone sg's telegram channel fsmone sg – research highlights, @fsmone sg back in 2020, the research team continued in 2022 to provide the latest investment news, ideas and insights, introducing the newest research ideas and key information for followers on telegram.
several categories of videos are featured on ifast tv, including the “ifast investment focus” series where our regional research analysts presented their latest analysis and research ideas; the "financial adviser series" where advisers from our ifast global markets division as well as our b2b financial advisory company partners elaborated on financial planning topics; as well as special interviews and episodes and dedicated chinese and cantonese video content.
engaging customers; enabling investors helping employees invest globally and profitably the company has taken various initiatives to empower employees with the necessary knowledge and skills to conduct their own financial planning and investments, including the "ifast academy" programme introduced in 2014, where research analysts and other in-house product specialists came together to share financial and investment tips that could help employees better plan their financial future.
promoting financial literacy to undergraduates in 2022, ifast and fsmone.com continued to sponsor the eurasia asset management challenge “eamc” organised by the ntu investment interactive club “ntu-iic” . the challenge aims to expose students to real-life asset management situations in financial institutions and provide them with a platform to network with industry leaders and like-minded peers, while also improving and sharpening investment knowledge and skill among undergraduates.
with transparency and innovation being our core values, we constantly look to enhance our shareholder participation through the innovative use of technology.
the company also engages stakeholders via social media through its linkedin page.
other than sharing the company's latest financial results, other updates shared on the linkedin page include announcements of new services, events organised or participated by the teams in the various markets, research content penned by the research teams, as well as corporate social responsibility initiatives.
ifast corp believes this provides an easy way for investors and stakeholders who are interested in the company to follow us on social media and to stay abreast of the latest developments within the company.
regulatory compliance compliance framework ifast corp has set up dedicated local compliance teams based in all its offices across singapore, hong kong, malaysia, china and uk to ensure its businesses are managed in compliance with the highest standards of both regulatory and licensing requirements.
the respective compliance teams are responsible for driving and administering the compliance function and agenda in their respective markets.
the compliance team is an independent function that monitors, identifies, evaluates, and rectifies regulatory compliance risks for both the b2b and b2c divisions.
the work scope of the compliance team can be broadly categorized into advising business units on regulatory requirements and procedures to ensure compliance; monitoring of business activities and reporting, including checks and reports on anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism matters; working with business units on rectifications or areas of improvements; and taking charge of the licensing and appointment of representatives as well as regulatory reporting.
comprehensive compliance training ifast corp believes training is key to establishing a vigorous compliance framework, and has made significant efforts to continuously enhance its compliance training programme for all staff.
on top of that, the company also sends employees from the compliance team to attend the relevant compliance programme conducted by the international compliance association "ica" . ifast corp encourages all compliance staff to keep themselves updated on the latest regulatory and compliance developments by taking up courses, workshops and/or obtaining the relevant certifications.
new employees who are not in the compliance function are required to undergo online training on anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism, fair dealing, personal data protection and staff trading policy, followed by taking and passing an online assessment.
similarly, all employees are required to complete an online refresher course every year, and will only be considered as having passed the assessment and met the training requirements upon attaining a score of at least 80%.
the internal audit department reviews risk exposures based on risk matrices and compliance with performance audits.
it also carries out quarterly reviews and reports to the audit committee, with an administrative reporting line to the coo.
ethics and fair dealing ifast corp is committed to adopting sustainable business practices that are supported by a range of initiatives.
the company sees fair dealing as conducting its business in a transparent and ethical way that enhances value for all stakeholders and delivers fair dealing outcomes to all customers.
ifast corp recognises that this is a journey and the best practice is continuously evolving.
consequently, a fair dealing committee “fdc” was set up to oversee the implementation of initiatives to achieve the five fair dealing outcomes “fdos” , while the compliance department is tasked to conduct checks on various initiatives and work processes to ensure fair dealing outcomes are duly met.
these checks help to assess and ascertain that these initiatives and work processes have not lapsed and remain effective.
the compliance department periodically reviews and fine-tunes the checks done to better meet the changing demands of the financial industry.
in 2022, two such contributions were published in the electronic newsletters, reinforcing the importance of ensuring fair dealing within the company.
the team is also responsible for assessing risk, monitoring and controlling customer due diligence and transactions, as well as conducting employee training.
these policies, procedures and controls form part of the workflow of various business units, and the aml/cft team is responsible for carrying out regular audits and monitoring the effectiveness of these implementations.
the use of technology has helped reduce human errors, improve efficiency, and increase the frequency of controls and monitoring processes, thus boosting the overall effectiveness of the company's aml/cft efforts.
the aml/cft department and the senior management team are chiefly responsible for the reviews of these measures, while the group's internal audit team has also been tasked to perform periodic reviews.
in 2022, the aml/cft department engaged specialist trainers to conduct the company's annual aml/cft training for its staff in singapore via video conferencing.
annual bcp/disaster recovery “dr” exercises will be reviewed and conducted annually to keep the bcp/dr plans up-to-date.
staff trading policy the company has put in place comprehensive policies and procedures to govern the personal trading of listed securities of employees to ensure all employees' personal investments are lawful and free from conflicts of interest.
sgx fast track programme ifast corp was selected by the singapore exchange regulation “sgx regco” as one of the 36 listed companies to be included in the sgx fast track programme in 2019. the programme, incepted in 2018, aims to recognize companies that have maintained a high standard of corporate governance and a good compliance track record.
selection of companies for the programme is based on internal and external criteria focused on corporate governance standards, compliance track record and the quality of the company’s submissions.
this serves as a recognition of the company’s commitment towards building and maintaining a robust compliance and governance framework to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
this led to the materiality scores of “environmental impact” to be lower as compared to the other esg material issues within the scope of this sustainability report.
nonetheless, ifast corp recognizes the importance of environmental protection and climate-related issues, and has implemented various measures to ensure that its business activities are conducted in an environmentally friendly manner.
in 2020, the company has also officially established “conserving the environment” as one of the four core pillars of its csr initiatives.
environmentally-friendly operations and working environment as an online investment platform, the company has been conscientiously digitizing its investment processes, and is striving to shift towards minimizing paper usage for customer transactions.
customers are given the choice to select the mode in which they receive their monthly account statements and encouraged to “go green” by opting for electronic statements encrypted for security reasons sent via email instead.
the company’s fintech capabilities also helped to simplify the investment and transaction processes for investors while being environmentally friendly.
the effort that the company has put into digitalization for both our frontend and backend processes have also directly led to a reduction in the total amount of paper used over in recent years, where total paper use fell by 42.9% yoy in end 2021, before falling further by another 35.7% in end 2022. energy and water conservation the company monitors the usage of resources that may impact the environment over the course of its operations.
total energy consumption has increased due to an increase in employees allowed to work in the office in 2022 compared to 2021; the average energy consumption per employee in singapore total energy used, divided by total number of employees has also increased.
the company remains committed to reducing the level of total and average energy consumption in the upcoming years.
the company targets to gradually reduce the average energy consumption per employee, and will continue to undertake measures, including putting up notices and sending out reminder emails to encourage employees to be mindful of their energy usage.
the sustainability working group kickstarted an esg column titled "esg@ifast - vibing with esg" in ifast vibes, the company's bi-monthly enewsletter since 2021. the enewsletter is sent to all employees across the group.
this column aims to share tips and updates on esg related issues, and environmental related topics covered in 2022 include sharing more on carbon emissions and how employees may help to bring down carbon emissions in office.
water conservation awareness the company monitors the usage of resources that may impact the environment over the course of its operations.
the company's operations do not involve direct water use, and water is mainly used by employees working in the office and for sanitary purposes.
while the company did not disclose its water consumption data in the last few sustainability reports, however starting from 2022, the company will start to include water usage based on the data stated in its utility bills.
the company will continue to stress the importance of water conservation and educate employees to be mindful of water wastage in the office.
through the 30 minutes introduction on water conservation in singapore and 1.5 hours of training per employee of litter picking activity, ifast volunteers gained greater insights on the various water-related environmental issues.
these include water scarcity and the impact of litter on waters and wildlife, how they can contribute to keeping the waterways clean and safe for everyone, and the importance of individual ownership in ensuring environmental sustainability.
electronic waste management as a fintech wealth management platform, the company deals with it and other related electronic equipment to drive the business operations.
the company has established processes to safely, and via environmentally-friendly means, dispose or recycle faulty and/or obsolete equipment such as notebook computers, monitors, personal computers, server accessories, servers, network equipment and etc. professional recycling solutions vendor are engaged to ensure that such electronic waste will first be assessed to determine if they can be refurbished for reuse, and if refurbish or reuse is not possible, such electronic will then be subsequently recycled according to national and international laws and regulations to prevent waste and landfills.
in 2022, a total of 1,038kg of electronic waste were collected by the vendor for disposal.
the company will continue to track waste management data going forward.
ensuring compliance; ensuring sustainability climate related disclosures starting from 2022, ifast corp will start to incorporate task force on climate related financial disclosures “tcfd” recommendations to its sustainability report.
hence, the company has set in place an environmental risk policy to oversee risks that may arise from climate and environmental issues.
the sustainability working group “swg” will be responsible for identifying, assessing, managing and monitoring environmental-related issues within the company, and to create the awareness and subsequent tracking/monitoring mechanics of how environmental risks can impact various aspects of the business, while communicating to all relevant employees on the corresponding controls.
the compliance and risk management departments will also provide climate and esg related advisory to the board, management and the swg, providing adequate information for all to understand climate-related and environmental risks relating to the company’s business.
2022 was the first year in which ifast corp embarked on climate-related reporting based on tcfd recommendations.
the company understands that this will be a continuous journey, and hence remains committed to review current process and practices, and to improve on the strategies, risk management, metrics as well as targets adopted in terms of climate-related disclosures.
for a start, in 2022, the company will present the disclosures for scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions and to start disclosing a comparatively more significant scope 3 emissions for the upstream category of "business travel".
as the business operations and activities of the company mainly involves providing online trading services, the office equipment in use does not emit scope 1 emissions.
while the company is aware of the data centers that it has may be producing significant levels of emissions to ensure that servers continue to be in operation, the company will look more closely into the emissions performance and the climate impact of data center vendors.
scope 2 emissions: 171,206.45 kgco2 2021: 153,914.95 kgco2 the company’s scope 2 emissions are mainly from purchased energy/electricity for use in the company’s office for our business operations.
the emission factor for electricity generation was retrieved from the energy market authority ema for 2021 0.4057kg co2/kilowatt-hours . as energy consumption is currently the biggest contributor to scope 2 emissions, the company will look into ways to reduce our carbon footprint, including looking into initiatives and measures to reduce energy consumption.
in the next 3-5 years, the company aims to reduce total energy consumption and average energy consumption per employees by around 5-10% annual.
the company will continue to review the targets and to adjust the targets based on the evaluation and assessment of measures taken to reduce energy consumption.
scope 3 emissions: business travel: 85,533.8 kgco2 2021: 46,420.3 kgco2 in line with the company’s business plans and developments, and with the reopening of international boundaries post covid-19, employees of the company has also resumed business travel, which has led to an increase of the amount of the business travel trips taken by employees to the various regional offices.
for a start, the company has focused on singapore-based employees travelling overseas for business.
flight emissions data were collected from airline websites eg.
singapore airlines carbon offset programme website or from international aviation organisations eg.
icao, international civil aviation organisation that provide such data.
in the coming years, the company will continue to review and determine if the other upstream and downstream scope 3 emissions categories are reached significant levels for disclosures.
54 disclosure: 2-8, disclosure title: workers who are not employees, page reference & remarks: nil disclosure: 2-9, disclosure title: governance structure and composition; nomination and selection of the highest governance body;, page reference & remarks: board of directors & senior management pg.
37 ; corporate governance report pg.
73 disclosure: 2-10, disclosure title: chair of the highest governance body; disclosure: 2-11, disclosure title: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts; disclosure: 2-12, disclosure title: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts; disclosure: 2-13, disclosure title: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting; disclosure: 2-14, disclosure title: conflicts of interest disclosure: 2-15, disclosure title: communication of critical concerns, page reference & remarks: ν.α.; sustainability strategy & overview pg.
37 ; disclosure: 2-16, disclosure title: collective knowledge of the highest governance body;, page reference & remarks: corporate governance report pg.
37 ; disclosure: 2-17, disclosure title: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body disclosure: 2-18, disclosure title: remuneration policies;, page reference & remarks: corporate governance report pg.
109 gri standards : gri 205: anti-corruption, disclosure : 205-2, disclosure title : communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, page reference & remarks : esg at ifast: ensuring compliance; ensuring sustainability pg.
54 gri standards : gri 401: employment, disclosure : 401-1, disclosure title : new employee hires and employee turnover, page reference & remarks : esg at ifast: empowering employees; enriching communities pg.
54 ; gri standards : gri 413: local communities, disclosure : 413-1, disclosure title : operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs, page reference & remarks : esg at ifast: engaging customers; enabling investors pg.
59 ; stakeholders' engagement pg.
40 gri standards : gri 417: marketing and labeling, disclosure : 417-1, disclosure title : requirements for product and service information and labeling, page reference & remarks : esg at ifast: engaging customers; enabling investors pg.
49 ; esg at ifast: ensuring compliance; ensuring sustainability pg.
