our sustainability report was prepared with reference to the global reporting initiative gri and the sustainability accounting standards board sasb standards.
with the effects of covid-19 persisting, the start of a war in ukraine, and rapidly increasing inflation rates, we also saw a global push for action and accountability on climate change.
we developed our sustainability strategy around three key pillars: ‘excellence in our business’, ‘supporting our customers’, and ‘making a broader impact’.
we made significant progress against our targets in these areas, which included using 100% renewable electricity across our operations, increasing volunteering with over 600 colleagues taking up the opportunity, and achieving bronze medal status with ecovadis for our sustainability performance.
our unleashed conference in october generated incredible interest around the potential of technology to support esg goals in every industry we serve.
over two thousand customers and partners attended the sustainability sessions.
at unleashed, we also celebrated the launch of ifs sustainability hub’s carbon footprint tool for scope 1 and 2, developed to help customers measure and reduce their emissions.
our strategy sustainability strategy through technology we can transform and improve entire industries as well as individual lives – and this is our mission.
in 2022, we established a sustainability strategy designed to drive action against the material environmental, social and governance esg topics where we can have the biggest impact.
this is framed around three key pillars which support a clear and actionable mission: ‘excellence in our business’, ‘supporting our customers’ and ‘making a broader impact’.
vision to create long-term sustainable value and through technology, transform and improve industries and lives.
three pillars excellence in our own business: as a global employer, we recognize the responsibility we hold within our own business.
in line with global frameworks and regulations, we are committed to lead by example as we strive to further improve our operational sustainability performance.
topics: digital exclusion and stem talent volunteering and community ambassadorship targets carbon neutrality by 2025 female managers 30.5% by 2027 less than 2 major reportable data breaches and cyber security incidents per year science-based emissions reduction target by 2030 all customers deploying ifs in the cloud sustainability hub v2.0 launch by end 2023 ifs education program to reach 150 institutions by 2025 csr day 10% use in 2022 wind turbines in a field modern airport interior farmer in a field materiality assessment in q4 2021, we conducted a materiality assessment and identified the esg topics where we can have the most impact and are most important to our stakeholders.
the assessment included surveys to business leadership, our investors, customers, and suppliers which scored the importance of esg topics.
these were ranked as follows: 1. human rights, including anti-slavery 2. privacy protection 3. valued customer relations 4. information security, cybersecurity, and system availability 5. business innovation 6. workforce diversity and inclusion 7. risk and crisis management 8. human capital development 9. ethical business conduct 10. labor practice indicators in 2022, we have improved our esg data capture and measurement processes, and we keep track of our progress with regular reporting to the board, quarterly monitoring by the esg steering committee esg steerco , and our annual disclosure in our sustainability report.
setting ambitious sustainability goals is a critical part of delivering on our strategy and embedding it within the business.
image of a modern building interior ifs education program: we want to expand our education partnerships to 150 institutions globally over the next 3 years.
csr days: we wanted to have at least 10% of our employees using their csr day in 2022. carbon neutrality: we want to achieve carbon neutrality across our operations by 2025. year-over-year progress table target: female managers %, 2021 status: 28.1%, 2022 status: 28.26% target: number of data breaches, 2021 status: 0, 2022 status: 0 target: number of educational institutions engaged cumulative , 2021 status: 50, 2022 status: 99 target: number of csr days, 2021 status: 156 4.07% of employees , 2022 status: 570 12.39% of employees target: carbon neutrality, 2021 status: in 2021, we completed exercises including a calculation of our group emissions for scope 1, 2 location and market based and 3 emissions., 2022 status: we have submitted a commitment letter to the science-based targets initiative and created a decarbonization roadmap.
external standards and frameworks un global compact signatory we are proud to be a signatory to the un global compact, which acts as a framework and guidance for all businesses and companies to support in defining a sustainability strategy and provides a universal language for corporate responsibility.
our support of the united nation's sustainable development goals in addition to our commitment to the un global compact, ifs is proud to support the un's sustainable development goals sdgs . adopted globally, the sdgs are a universal call to action to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure that by 2030 all people enjoy peace and prosperity.
the background is slightly blurred but shows lush green plants.
learn more governance our commitment to building a sustainable business begins at the top and is embedded throughout the entire company.
this steerco includes executives and colleagues with direct responsibility for elements of the esg agenda to enable regular updates on progress and top-level support.
during 2022, the steerco's agenda covered our decarbonization strategy, tcfd and science-based targets initiative sbti , as well as diversity and inclusion, esg product development, kpis and reporting standards.
case study: new sustainability training in q4 2022, we developed custom “sustainability at ifs” training designed to educate our colleagues on our sustainability initiatives and bring them along our journey.
the training contains modules dedicated to our focus esg areas.
it gives an overview of the sustainability agenda, covers ifs multi-year strategy for sustainability and shares action points that can help our colleagues become more sustainable.
sustainability highlights 2022 key highlights in 2022, we continued to build on efforts to progress within our sustainability journey, working on multiple initiatives across our three main pillars.
in 2022, ifs completed its first ecovadis group assessment, obtaining the bronze medal at a global level.
ecovadis the ecovadis platform scores companies based on environmental, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement criteria.
it is used by companies to assess their sustainability performance and support with supply chain management.
in 2022, ifs completed its first ecovadis group assessment, obtaining the bronze medal at a global level.
ifs has set the target of achieving a gold medal score by 2025 globally and has prepared an action plan based on the gaps identified in this first assessment.
excellence in our business committed to set science-based target for emissions reduction 100% certified renewable electricity across our facilities launched the lgbtq+ ifs employee resource group and our transitioning policy published first un global compact cop publication achieved bronze ifs group ecovadis certification \ we used 100% renewable electricity across our operations, successfully covering all of our non-renewable electricity volumes via green tariffs or energy attributes certificates eacs , except for our sri lanka volumes 2,253 megawatt-hours , as no eacs were available in the 2022 period in this market.
our tcfd journey we are committed to implementing the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd to better understand the risks and opportunities that climate change presents to our business.
tcfd recommendations tcfd was established in 2015 by the financial stability board to help identify the information needed by investors, lenders, and insurance underwriters to assess and price climate-related risks and opportunities.
the tcfd recommendations are focused on enhancing market transparency and enabling the efficient allocation of capital in the transition to a low-carbon economy as envisioned by the paris agreement.
the tcfd recommendations fall into four key areas: governance strategy risk management metrics and targets our approach to tcfd we started our alignment with the tcfd framework, implementing our first steps in 2022. we conducted a climate exposure analysis with internal stakeholders in areas such as internal audit, procurement, facilities, marketing, research & development, and data centers & infrastructure, which resulted in a heatmap illustrating the relative exposure of ifs against tcfd's 16 identified climate-related risks and opportunities.
heatmap analysis this heatmap table shows the relative exposure of ifs against tcfd's 16 identified climate-related risks, with 25.0 being the maximum exposure level.
table: heatmap analysis of climate-related issues climate-related issues: average increased severity of extreme weather events, exposure level: 15.95 climate-related issues: average changes in precipitation patterns & extreme variability, exposure level: 15.53 climate-related issues: average rising mean temperatures, exposure level: 15.01 climate-related issues: average increased stakeholder concern/negative feedback, exposure level: 14.95 climate-related issues: average substitution of existing products/services, exposure level: 13.59 climate-related issues: average score for increased pricing of greenhouse gas emissions, exposure level: 12.63 climate-related issues: average enhanced emissions-reporting obligations, exposure level: 12.59 climate-related issues: average changing customer behavior, exposure level: 11.73 climate-related issues: average rising sea levels, exposure level: 11.72 climate-related issues: average shifts in consumer preferences, exposure level: 10.94 climate-related issues: average increased cost of raw materials, exposure level: 10.55 climate-related issues: average uncertainty in market signals, exposure level: 10.00 climate-related issues: average costs to transition to lower emissions technology, exposure level: 9.33 climate-related issues: average mandates on and regulation of existing products/services, exposure level: 8.20 climate-related issues: average unsuccessful investment in new technologies, exposure level: 7.71 climate-related issues: average stigmatization of sector, exposure level: 6.90 table end.
three out of four climate-related issues with a high exposure level are physical risks: increased severity of extreme weather events, changes to precipitation patterns, and rising mean temperatures.
in terms of opportunities, potential enhanced emissions-reporting obligations, site efficiencies, and new products and services were identified as the most applicable to ifs as a software technology company.
next steps in 2023, we will be conducting a detailed climate scenario analysis, modelling the risks and opportunities under projected 2°c and 4°c warming scenarios.
2. excellence in our business . a picture depicting wind turbines in a field, symbolizing sustainable energy.
we work consistently on improving our operational sustainability performance as we aim for excellence across our business.
we are committed to leading by example and, as a global employer, we adhere to global frameworks, regulations and best practices that support our strategy and ambitions.
environmental impact addressing climate change is an urgent and complex challenge.
it requires a fundamental transformation of the global economy, so that society stops adding to the total amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
the technology sector has a critical role to play in supporting the economy to reach this goal.
in 2021, we announced our ambition to become carbon-neutral across our operations by 2025. in 2022, we took strides forward on our commitment, continued progress on carbon removal, and improved our methodologies and measurement of emissions across the company.
emissions we measure and report on our greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions through a global energy management system.
ifs's preparation of carbon footprint data is based on the greenhouse gas protocol scope 1, scope 2 guidance and the corporate value chain scope 3 . in alignment with the greenhouse gas protocol scope 2 guidance, we report our net carbon emissions based on two different calculation approaches: the location-based method and the market-based method.
our global combined scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions in 2022 were 22,054 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, of which the majority 92% were scope 3 emissions.
table: emissions data 2021-2022 emissions measure: scope 1, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 302, 2022: 248 emissions measure: scope 2 market based , unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 1,082, 2022: 1,494 emissions measure: scope 2 location based , unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 2,454, 2022: 2,093 emissions measure: scope 3, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 17,819, 2022: 20,312 table end.
this has resulted in lower emissions than previously reported.
scope definitions: scope 1: refers to direct carbon emissions and is defined as emissions from sources that are owned by the organization as well as leased offices.
at ifs, this covers fuels and refrigerants used to run heating and cooling systems across the global real estate portfolio.
scope 2: refers to indirect carbon emissions and is defined as emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity, or other sources of energy generated upstream from the organization.
we use the market-based method to calculate the scope 2 emissions, covering energy consumption across the global real estate portfolio.
scope 3: refers to other indirect carbon emissions and is defined as emissions that are a consequence of operations of an organization but are not directly owned or controlled by the organization.
scope 3 emissions are divided into upstream and downstream emissions, and the following emissions categories are covered by scope 3 at ifs: business travel capital goods employee commuting purchased goods and services - a picture of a tesla vehicle showcasing ifs branding.
renewable energy 100% renewable electricity across our operations decarbonization strategy our decarbonization strategy focuses on the following three areas: reduce: conduct operations more efficiently; energy efficiency assessment of facilities, moving to more efficient sites, reducing business travel, using a network of sustainability business partners to drive reduction through the business.
replace: switch from carbon-intensive energy to low-carbon sources: including energy attribute certificate eac purchase for renewable electricity and consideration of greener alternatives such as biogas for heating and cooling.
engage: engage with customers and suppliers to drive transition to a low-carbon economy: including product carbon footprint and engagement with customers and suppliers.
renewable energy in 2022, we made further progress on our goal of carbon neutrality by using 100% renewable electricity . table: renewable electricity usage type of electricity: renewable, unit: %, 2021: 63 , 2022: 100 table end.
we used 100% renewable electricity across our operations, successfully covering all of our non-renewable electricity volumes via green tariffs or energy attributes certificates eacs , except for our sri lanka volumes 2,253 megawatt-hours , as no eacs were available in the 2022 period in this market.
renewable energy percentage for 2021 was revised and adjusted to account for a correction to energy usage volumes in this period.
case study: science-based targets initiative we aim to set ambitious goals to address climate change challenges.
as part of this ambition, we have committed to the science-based targets initiative sbti which requires us to clearly define the pathway we will take to reduce our emissions.
ifs is committed to taking climate action and has submitted a near-term, company-wide target to the sbti for validation.
the sbti is a partnership between cdp, the united nations global compact, world resources institute wri and the world wide fund for nature wwf . sbti not only defines and promotes best practice in emissions reductions and net-zero targets, but also provides technical assistance and expert resources to companies who set science-based targets in line with the latest climate science.
ft of the overall global real estate portfolio was achieved during 2022. responsible consumption at ifs, waste management is part of our commitment to responsible consumption.
globally, our facilities feature a comprehensive recycling system where employees are encouraged to follow the ethos of reduce, re-use, recycle across the whole real estate portfolio.
our staines office in the uk continues to be zero to landfill with 21.55% waste being recycled.
the remaining 78.45% of its waste is described as energy from waste efw , which is put back into the national grid.
waste-to-landfill: 0% our staines office in the uk continues to be zero waste to landfill.
diversity and inclusion at ifs, we are committed to promoting an inclusive, diverse, and respectful culture to bring out the very best of our global workforce and to encourage creativity and innovation to flourish.
we maintain a culture where all employees feel recognized and valued for their differences.
a working environment fueled by employees of different backgrounds, skills, experiences, and knowledge directly contributes to greater innovation and creativity.
our strategy to diversity and inclusion at ifs centers around 5 core themes: employee representation, employee experience, talent lifecycle, leadership involvement, and external influence.
by ensuring all initiatives and actions fit under at least one of these themes, we maintain scope of our diversity and inclusion work whilst ensuring it has tangible, measurable impact on the business.
we continuously strive to improve, whether this includes celebrating awareness days, reviewing and developing supporting policies or training opportunities.
we work towards enabling women to establish their careers in technology and thrive through additional opportunities.
at ifs, 35% of employees are women, 17% above industry average.
1 we want employees to feel encouraged to bring their whole selves to work and we have established targets that help us shape our strategy around gender diversity.
case study: ifs pride and transitioning policy 2022 saw a focus around lgbtq+ support and visibility.
the company celebrated pride 2022 globally and used pride month in june to show support for lgbtq+ colleagues, encourage allyship, launch a global transitioning policy, and further educate our employees.
the ifs global transitioning policy aims to support employees throughout their transition and to support both employee and manager through the process.
this was additionally supported by inviting employees to share their pronouns in their email signatures.
not only does this normalize using correct pronouns and the importance of creating the opportunity to share them, but it also helps to support the development of an open, accepting culture.
training was offered to all colleagues covering modules such as understanding pronouns, supporting co-workers during their transition, gender identity vs. sexual orientation, and supporting employees coming out at work.
internal communications around pride month also featured thought leadership from our chief human resources officer and the announcement of an lgbtq+ employee resource group, which was launched in october.
women in work.
pwc,2020 . diversity and inclusion continued diversity awareness days at ifs, we use awareness days as opportunities to celebrate diversity, launch supporting initiatives, and educate our employees.
in 2022, ifs was proud to celebrate a number of diversity awareness days, including international women's day, black history month, lgbtq+ history month, international men's day, and others.
by celebrating these days, we not only open a dialogue to show appreciation for these communities but also explore opportunities to support them further.
employee engagement building and maintaining an engaged workforce is a key priority.
this means seeking, listening to, and acting on employee feedback.
we regularly provide opportunities for our employees to voice their thoughts and opinions on how we can improve the employee experience through various channels, including our pulse surveys.
measuring our success: key heartbeat results ifs measures success by circulating the heartbeat survey to all employees three times a year.
this short and regular survey allows us to measure employee engagement throughout the year and helps us tailor surveys to specific themes while maintaining a list of consistent questions.
overall, the october pulse survey received a 91% global participation rate and saw employee engagement increase from 8.1 in april 2022 to 8.2 in october.
we are celebrating and working to maintain the success of our top drivers while addressing our bottom drivers with reviews by function and team as part of our 2023 strategy.
participation rate: 91% engagement score enps : 40 engagement score eei : 8.2 top drivers: peer relationships: 8.9 management support: 8.9 organizational fit: 8.7 bottom drivers: growth: 8.0 workload: 7.8 reward: 7.2 in 2022, ifs was proud to celebrate a number of diversity awareness days, including international women's day, black history month, lgbtq+ history month, international men's day, and others.
employee wellbeing a healthy and safe working environment is key to employee wellbeing.
ifs is committed to ensuring that mental and physical support is provided to employees across the business.
our opportunities and resources vary from country to country, and we continue to review the resources on offer globally to support our employees.
in 2022, we refreshed our global wellbeing curriculums, which provide bitesize, accessible training modules to facilitate good health and wellbeing practices.
at ifs, we offer two customized curriculums: one for managers and one for employees.
managers courses include training to build resilience in teams, cultivate workplace culture and how to recognize when an employee is struggling.
the employee curriculum offers learning modules on sleep, diet and exercise as well as stress management, remote working and communication.
we believe that by encouraging practical, easy to implement habits, employees are empowered to prioritize their wellbeing and build a better understanding of their individual needs.
global employee assistance program in may, we launched a global employee assistance program eap . this program looks to offer additional levels of support to our employees worldwide and their family members.
the confidential, easily accessible service provides support 24/7 on multiple issues including family issues, medical information, stress & anxiety and bereavement.
the service is offered in the local language and connects employees to local resources.
excluding us, canada and uk case study: mental health, asia pacific and japan at ifs, the let's talk program was implemented in 2020 and has been run annually since across the asia-pacific region.
the program focuses on building a more connected, caring, and collaborative culture through a structured approach to open communication.
volunteers support colleagues by using the talk method: tell when something might be going on acknowledge any concerns listen with intent keep in touch with ongoing support in 2022, ifs sponsored a further 16 employees to go through the training, bringing the total number to 49 since the program's launch.
. case study: mental health first aiders mhfas , uk we offer employees the opportunity to train as mental health first aiders mhfa as an additional level of support to promote good health and wellbeing among employees.
mhfa not only acts as a first point of contact when employees experience a mental health or emotional issue, but also directs them to internal and external support resources.
following from the initial cohort of seven mhfa, three additional colleagues have joined their ranks in 2022. . global get fit challenge in may, we ran the 2022 global get fit challenge.
building on the success of 2021, the global get fit challenge encouraged employees to set themselves a fitness challenge over the course of a week.
employees took part globally through cycling and running.
the challenge was amplified by a communications campaign highlighting employees and their favorite activities, providing insight into how they got started and tips they had for others.
in addition to being an opportunity to engage in conversation around the benefits of exercise, the challenge provided a fundraising opportunity for the ifs foundation through participant sponsorship.
we also believe that reducing the stigma of seeking help for mental health is vital.
in 2022, ifs sponsored the “1333 bikeathon” in sri lanka.
the bikeathon is a 1,333 kilometer bike ride around sri lanka aimed to raise awareness of the 1333 toll-free crisis support line to help prevent suicide and promote mental health.
. heartbeat survey - wellbeing in order to better understand our colleagues and their needs, the employee engagement survey specifically addresses health and wellbeing as part of its agenda.
even though this demonstrates that our efforts are being valued by ifs community, there is still room for improvement.
ifs will work further on expanding these efforts in 2023. human rights employees 79% of employees completed e-learning in anti-corruption protecting essential rights with regards to dignity, fairness, respect, and equality is one of our commitments at ifs.
all employees and business partners are expected to fully comply with the universal declaration of human rights.
we are dedicated to putting into practice the un guiding principles on business and human rights, as signatories to the un global compact.
ifs’s operations respect human rights, including the international labor organization core conventions pertaining to labor conditions, and the company works to ensure they are respected by its partners.
we do not accept any form of forced labor, child labor, or discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.
we also refrain from any transaction where a risk exists that human rights will be neglected and where the company assesses that the risks will not be managed in line with the un’s framework for business and human rights.
ifs continues to work with relevant work councils globally ensuring visibility of planned actions as appropriate.
this includes process or policy change to ensure continued support and engagement with local employee populations.
anti-corruption at ifs, we have a zero-tolerance policy toward corruption.
we are committed to complying with all applicable anti-corruption laws and we use recommendations issued by industry and regulatory bodies to guide our compliance program, as well as legally binding standards set by the oecd anti-bribery convention.
all employees undertake compulsory training on anti-bribery and corruption and employees who are exposed to higher risk are trained regularly in line with a set training plan.
as a part of the on-boarding process, employees are required to complete training on anti-corruption, fraud and money laundering.
ifs applies zero tolerance for retaliation against anyone who reports wrongdoings in good faith.
we also hold suppliers to our code of conduct as well as ifs supplier sustainability policy, which applies to all suppliers globally.
ifs cyber security and privacy ifs uses a range of robust cyber security protective measures, based on industry best practice.
at ifs, we take time to reach out directly to our customers and colleagues, so that we can clearly understand and respond to their needs and expectations.
in 2022, we worked on several key initiatives that helped us to further enhance our cyber security and privacy commitments: 1. strengthened phishing defenses phishing emails remain one of the largest threats for all organizations and is the most common way in which a ransomware attack is started.
one of the main aspects of our risk mitigation is the procurement and implementation of a machine learning-based tool.
this new defense system identifies and automatically remediates any threats by blocking malicious emails, nullifying their malicious links.
this initiative strengthens our past security awareness program run each month to test our colleague's response rate to phishing emails via a phishing simulation tool.
2. overhaul of incident response plan and playbooks in 2022, we performed a full bottom-up review of our incident response plan to ensure that the company is well prepared to handle a major security or data protection incident.
building upon low level technical playbooks, the activity has strengthened our approach in line with industry best practice taken from both iso 27035 and the experience of other organizations who have been involved in such incidents.
3. network micro-segmentation as part of our further protection against a ransomware attach, we strategically isolated our critical resources and services by establishing network segmentation.
once a threat actor has compromised a user's account using a phishing attack and established a persistent foothold on a network, their next primary objective is to move laterally across the network, elevating user permissions as they attempt to access higher value assets.
additionally, these efforts enabled ifs to demonstrate a proactive threat hunting model, allowing us to monitor global threat intelligence resources and seek out risks before they are exploited.
applying diligence and care in our management of tax risks and ensuring that our tax governance is appropriate.
internal controls and escalation procedures are put in place with the aim of identifying, quantifying, and managing key tax risks as well as ensuring compliance with the global head of accountings rules.
they are supported by local finance and payroll teams who work on an integrated basis to identify and manage tax risks utilizing their combined knowledge of operations and law.
to ensure responsible and transparent practices, we continue to integrate esg factors into business and risk management processes.
in 2022, climate-related risks were added to our internal risk management registry, and we evaluated how ifs's operations directly or indirectly impact the surroundings negatively in respect of business ethics, corruption, climate and the environment, human rights, and labor conditions.
the group's most significant operational environmental impact is energy consumption from its office premises, business travel, fleet, purchasing of office material, and handling of used computer hardware.
in all these areas, there are ongoing initiatives to reduce the company's environmental impact, for instance through technology that enables remote work and virtual meetings, minimizing travel, as well as sensors that regulate power supply in the offices, reduction in the volume of fleet cars and ensuring existing fleet schemes offer cars with lower emissions and smart solutions that minimize paper waste like central cloud printing.
ifs adopted the precautionary principle as a general risk management rule for both significant environmental and social risks.
in 2022, we expanded the scope of our externally audited sustainability kpis, increasing their number from two in 2021 to six in 2022. ifs appointed ey to perform limited assurance over the following kpis: % of renewable energy in ifs operations see page 13 % of group's female managers see page 14 % of women within the organization's board see page 14 number of data breaches see page 18 % of employees who have taken csr leave see page 26 number of anti-bribery and corruption training participants see this page each kpi definition can be found in the annex section of this report.
compliance trainings we are committed to quality training and education for all our employees and, to support this, we partnered with a digital learning platform to provide courses that instruct employees across all levels and divisions.
employees are required to retake courses on a regular basis and after content updates.
unconscious bias 64% of ifs employees completed the unconscious bias training image description: a photo of a modern office space with employees working at their desks.
supporting our customers we recognize the impact that technology can have in empowering our customers, and the industries that we work with, to achieve their sustainability goals and commitments.
an image depicting people walking in a modern airport terminal.
in 2021, we formally established esg as a product area to further support customers with their broader sustainability goals and bring a cohesive esg strategy to our product.
as climate change is a complex and global problem, greater value chain visibility is integral in tackling this problem through an improved engagement with all aspects of esg performance.
2022 was a foundation year for our esg product strategy as we defined a pathway to our vision, which is focused on enabling our customers to exceed their sustainability goals.
ifs cloud emissions tracker: our custom scope 1 and 2 organizational carbon footprint calculator.
at ifs, we often heard from our customers that obtaining emissions data for esg disclosures is complex and time consuming.
that is why we decided to develop a carbon emissions management tool.
this new technology aims to help customers to effectively manage their impact on climate change and easily start their esg reporting journeys.
going forward, we intend to expand to include scope 3. 2. lifecycle we aim to promote collaboration across the ifs solution areas to bring enhanced value chain transparency among our customers.
this will allow them to gain a deeper insight into their broader environmental and social footprints.
as climate change is a complex and global problem, greater value chain visibility is integral in tackling this problem through an improved engagement with all aspects of esg performance.
3. efficiency as part of our customer-centric approach, we continuously assess how to further utilize and innovate to help our customers operate more efficiently.
our 2023 roadmap our 2023 roadmap will help us engage with our customers on sustainability.
ifs continues to enhance its carbon emissions management tool to leverage automated data collection, as well as expand on the emissions categories supported.
a dashboard showing various charts and graphs related to carbon emissions and sustainability.
hcm ifs cloud hcm allows insights into diversity and inclusion, pay equity, workplace safety and other aspects of workforce.
it offers tools for waste reduction, ecological footprint management and repairing.
artificial intelligence and machine learning the machine learning capabilities in ifs cloud provide our customers with insights on their data and aid decision making around sustainability challenges.
case study: volvo group circular operations & solutions halving emissions and using just 20% of the energy required for new part manufacture, volvo group circular operations & solutions was the 2022 winner of our ‘best use of ifs technology in a sustainability initiative’ category in the ifs change for good awards.
change for good awards we use our voice to advocate for change across industry and society.
one of the key examples is our ifs change for good sustainability awards program, which strives to champion customers who are leading the charge in adopting sustainable initiatives.
the engagement with customers on sustainability helps us better understand their needs and develop a dialogue on sustainability that can influence our product development.
in 2022, we received customer nominations from around the globe.
table: ifs change for good awards winners 2022 company: cape air, category: transformation company: technogroup, category: innovation company: tucson, category: social impact company: volvo, category: ifs tech table end.
making a broader impact at ifs, we constantly strive for good corporate citizenship as we gain greater outreach and impact on a global level through our activities.
broader impact contents: ifs foundation - page 25 ifs education program - page 26 volunteering - page 26 ifs foundation we harness the global fundraising potential of ifs for our charity of choice, the ifs foundation.
over the course of 2022, we have facilitated fundraising opportunities through promotion at our world conference, unleashed, and through opportunities such as payroll donations and other events.
employees and other local entities were also encouraged to raise funds for causes close to their hearts.
although we encourage fundraising for our charity of choice, we celebrate the generosity of employees in supporting local causes.
case study: computer lab in welusumanapura education is vital in helping to break the poverty cycle.
many children, particularly girls, can struggle to access adequate education to secure the skills they need for later life.
in 2022, through our partnership with the ifs foundation, ifs contributed to the construction of a newly built computer lab at the welasiya government school, which has 30 computers and seating facilities.
this initiative aims to develop essential it skills and further develop the student's education across other subjects.
ifs contributed towards: 30 new computers and the construction of a computer lab at the welasiya government school case study: ifs foundation travel guide launch at ifs, we always strive to implement creative and engaging ways in raising awareness around our partnerships.
the ifs foundation travel guide was launched in 2022, which featured travel recommendations submitted by colleagues globally.
while the foundation typically focuses on longer-term investments with widespread impact, it also recognizes the importance of addressing the needs of the local communities, particularly during times of crisis.
some parts of sri lanka were experiencing an acute shortage of medicines and other vital supplies.
hence, in partnership with ifs, medical officers and community leaders, the foundation sourced medical supplies and helped ensure their on-time delivery.
ifs education program education is the foundation of stronger and prosperous societies.
as a large employer, we want to promote the benefits of education to individuals and families.
this is one of the main drivers for our commitment to expand our program to 150 institutions globally over the next 3 years.
in 2022, we reached a total of 99 educational institutions.
ifs education program looks to encourage interest and engagement in stem subjects as well as to expand opportunities and facilitate routes into the technology sector for young people.
we do this through four main methods: scholarships and internships, the use of ifs software, donation of equipment and employees volunteering their time.
the opportunity to access scholarships, internships, apprenticeships and graduate schemes varies globally, however we are proud to offer multiple opportunities for young people to access careers in the technology sector.
the use of software and equipment aids students in experiencing products and their everyday usage.
it encourages students to engage in their learning and develop an active interest in both ifs and our solutions.
ifs is proud that our employees play an active role in our education program as they are empowered to volunteer in educational institutions, whether that is through guest lectures, training teachers or project support.
number of educational institutions engaged cumulative year: 2021, number of institutions: 50 year: 2022, number of institutions: 99 table end.
volunteering the csr volunteer day is one way in which we enable colleagues to play an active role in directly supporting our sustainability strategy.
we give every colleague one day of paid volunteering leave to spend time supporting their local communities and organizations close to their hearts.
in 2022, 600 employees used their csr day, contributing to 570 days of volunteering 12.39% of average number of employees in period . this demonstrates a significant increase of 265% from last year.
case study: csr days throughout 2022, ifs employees used their csr day in many different ways, including litter picking, hackathons, research projects, marathons, and volunteering in charity shops.
australia foodbank nsw : our colleagues spent the day working in a foodbank warehouse, picking, packing and boxing food for children at schools, charities and individuals who were struggling.
sri lanka carehome : one of our sri lankan teams spent a day in a local care home painting the building and providing lunch, as well as donating essential items including medicine, dry rations, cleaning supplies and clothes.
employee feedback 84% of ifs employees who participated in our internal survey claimed that their wellbeing either “significantly improved” or "somewhat improved” as a result of volunteering.
on the same survey, 86% of our respondents claimed that they would recommend volunteering to a colleague.
future plans we constantly strive to improve our efforts in creating a meaningful impact on a global level.
as part of this initiative, we have set our plan to create additional volunteering opportunities for our employees by exploring skilled volunteerism in 2023. this will allow employees to leverage their professional skills and experience with charitable organizations and local communities.
by reminding colleagues of the opportunity to volunteer throughout the year, we hope to see more employees use their csr volunteer day and have an even greater impact across the communities in which we operate.
a group photo showing ifs employees participating in volunteer work.
annex contents kpi definition: 27 emissions estimation: 28 gri index tables: 29 sasb index table: 31 un global compact principles: 32 kpis definition esg category: environmental, metric: % of renewable energy in ifs operations, definition of the kpi: renewable energy is energy that is collected from renewable resources, which are naturally replenished on a human timescale, such as sunlight, wind, rain, tides, waves, and geothermal heat.
with schneider electric's assistance, ifs purchases energy attribute certificates eacs for renewable energy to make progress on its goal to carbon neutrality by 2025. esg category: social, metric: % of group's female managers, definition of the kpi: this kpi demonstrates the percentage of women among the group's executives, directors, officers and management roles 'people managers' against the total number of employees at those levels.
data is calculated as a point in time average of the actual number of female managers at each quarter end in the year 2022. esg category: social, metric: % of women within the organization's board, definition of the kpi: the percentage of women among the group's board against the total number of board members that are non-executive directors.
esg category: social, metric: % of employees who have taken csr leave, definition of the kpi: this kpi demonstrates the percentage of employees who used their csr leave in part or whole against the average number of employees across the group in the period.
these hours of training per employee include volunteering in company time that has been directly recorded via internal hr system.
esg category: governance, metric: number of anti-bribery and corruption training participants, definition of the kpi: this includes the number of existing ifs employees, who completed the ifs's mandatory anti-bribery and corruption training in 2022 or previously, if not required to re-take the training in 2022. emissions estimation % table: emissions estimation by scope scope: 1, source: natural gas kilowatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 89.5, estimated % : 54 source: hfc-125 kilograms , share of emissions within scope % : 4.2, estimated % : 100 source: hfc-134a kilograms , share of emissions within scope % : 3.5, estimated % : 100 source: fuel oil megawatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 2, estimated % : 100 source: hfc-32 kilograms , share of emissions within scope % : 0.8, estimated % : 100 scope: 2, source: electric power kilowatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 91.7, estimated % : 22 source: district heating megawatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 6.6, estimated % : 19 source: district cooling megawatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 1.7, estimated % : 17 scope: 3, source: employee commuting, share of emissions within scope % : 31, estimated % : 100 source: business travel, share of emissions within scope % : 28.3, estimated % : 1.9 source: purchased goods and services, share of emissions within scope % : 22.4, estimated % : 96.9 source: capital goods, share of emissions within scope % : 15.7, estimated % : 100 source: fuel-and-energy-related activities, share of emissions within scope % : 2.4, estimated % : 100 source: waste generated in operations, share of emissions within scope % : 0.3, estimated % : 100 table end.
gri 205: anti-corruption 2016 gri code: 205-1, description: operations assessed for risks related to corruption, category: anti-corruption sr gri code: 205-2, description: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, category: anti-corruption sr gri code: 205-3, description: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, category: anti-corruption sr table end.
gri 206: anti-competitive behavior 2016 gri code: 206-1, description: legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices, category: anti-corruption sr table end.
gri 305: emissions 2016 gri code: 305-1, description: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, category: emissions sr gri code: 305-2, description: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, category: emissions sr gri code: 305-3, description: other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, category: emissions sr gri code: 305-4, description: greenhouse gas emissions intensity, category: emissions sr gri code: 305-5, description: reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, category: emissions sr gri code: 305-6, description: emissions of ozone-depleting substances ods , category: emissions sr gri code: 305-7, description: nitrogen oxides nox , sulfur oxides sox , and other significant air emissions, category: not currently disclosed table end.
sasb index table environmental footprint of hardware infrastructure topic/code: tc-si-130a.1, accounting metric: 1 total energy consumed, 2 percentage grid electricity, 3 percentage renewable, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: renewable energy sr topic/code: tc-si-130a.2, accounting metric: 1 total water withdrawn, 2 total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: not currently disclosed topic/code: tc-si-130a.3, accounting metric: discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic planning for data center needs, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: environmental impact sr table end.
un global compact principles table: un global compact principles and location in report area: human rights , principle number: 1, principle description: businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights; and, location in report sr : human rights sr principle number: 2, principle description: make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses., location in report sr : human rights sr area: labor , principle number: 3, principle description: businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining;, location in report sr : human rights sr principle number: 4, principle description: the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor;, location in report sr : human rights sr principle number: 5, principle description: the effective abolition of child labor; and, location in report sr : human rights sr principle number: 6, principle description: the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation., location in report sr : human rights sr area: environment , principle number: 7, principle description: businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;, location in report sr : environmental impact sr principle number: 8, principle description: undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and, location in report sr : environmental impact sr principle number: 9, principle description: encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies., location in report sr : environmental impact sr area: anti-corruption , principle number: 10, principle description: businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery., location in report sr : anti-corruption sr table end.
