oel is committed to our goal of building a pan-asian high tech healthcare company as its core.
since the restructuring was announced in early 2020, the company has been engaging in the provision of healthcare and education services.
the company works with healthcare experts, early childhood development specialists and other industry-related entities.
“eso” provides education services focused on the social and emotional development of children with the psychological, physical and behavioral health of each child.
the details of the contact person for the sponsor is mr jerry chua registered professional, evolve capital advisory private limited at 138 robinson road, 13-02 oxley tower, singapore 068906. tel: 6241 6626. 2022 oel holdings annual report overview working with healthcare experts, early childhood development specialists, and other industry-related entities has enabled us to take a huge step forward in identifying healthcare and wellness education as our new core businesses.
ajj is also customer-focused and seeks to bring the business to greater heights with its excellent services.
the oel holdings limited sgx:584 had on 4 march 2020 established a wholly-owned subsidiary eso health child care pte ltd "eso" . eso was conceived with a clear objective in mind, to provide a different type of preschool education in singapore.
one which introduces advanced international preschool education concepts, with special emphasis on the cultivation of children's social and emotional ability, improving self-confidence, preventdepression and anxiety from an early age.
this solution reduces manhours and risk of human errors in the field of bio-banking.
the first in singapore our lessons are constantly being refined under the guidance of american educational experts to promote the physical, psychological and behavioural health.
oel holdings limited - 2022 annual report excerpt we will continue to care for and serve the needs of the community in the medical industry.
at the extraordinary general meeting on 1 april 2020, the company proposed to enter into the healthcare industry, involving medical services and children’s wellness education.
we also have been providing quality after-sales services which allow us to rapidly progress towards our strategic goal of building a pan-asian high-tech healthcare company and establishing a medical industry manufacturing plant and medical products inventory base in singapore.
“ajj” , has achieved numerous accomplishments, including good distribution practice for medical devices “gdpmds” certification in october 2020, an import and wholesale health science authority “hsa” license also in october 2020, iso 13485:2016 and en iso 13485:2016 accreditation in august 2021, and bizsafe level 3 accreditation in november 2021. ajj has also obtained an hsa manufacturer license on 18 march 2022, introduced dental and veterinary segment products, expanded its product portfolio to over 6,000 products, and successfully entered the government tender market in singapore.
last year, in collaboration with our wholly-owned subsidiary, eso health child care pte.
“eso” , we formed a textbook committee comprising world-class and professional early childhood education members from nanyang technological university “ntu” and yale new haven hospital day care centre “ynh” . currently, our childcare center, dkp, and ynh in the united states of america use the textbook.
it is recommended by various early childhood education experts and psychologists.
the textbook transcends the traditional education model by prioritizing social-emotional development to cultivate a child’s self-confidence and resilience.
this approach helps children adapt to societal pressure and enhances their intelligence, emotional, and adversity quotients.
in addition to renewing its early childhood development agency license, dkp was honored with the “platinum healthy preschool” award by the national health promotion board of singapore.
this recognition reflects our commitment to providing a high-quality and healthy learning environment for the children under our care.
as we continue to make strides in both the healthcare and early childhood education sectors, we remain dedicated to innovation, excellence, and the well-being of our clients.
established a strong team under the leadership of ceo, ms zhao, the company has assembled a diverse and robust team that transcends race, nationality, and gender.
most of the team members hold at least a bachelor’s degree and possess expertise in various fields, including medical devices management, quality assurance, supply chain and operations, business development, regional and channel sales, and marketing experiences.
our team is young, qualified, professional, and constantly driven to innovate, spearhead, and grow the healthcare division of the company.
they are dedicated to sourcing the latest innovations and cutting-edge medical technology, providing clients with comprehensive end-to-end solutions in medical, dental, laboratory, and veterinary sectors.
this ongoing expansion and strong financial performance demonstrate the group’s dedication to growth and excellence in the healthcare sector.
chairman's statement ajj continues to secure partnerships with renowned and high-tech companies, particularly in the emerging medical, dental, laboratory, and veterinary markets.
the healthcare industry needs to maintain an upward trend of development, as the pandemic has highlighted its importance in promoting economic recovery and rebuilding competitive advantages.
in its other healthcare segments, ajj will continue working towards a breakthrough with government authorities and regulation and is in the process of extending its iso13458:2016 scope for its singapore manufacturing plant.
we are continuing the manufacturing of high-intensity focused ultrasound “hifu" machines in singapore and are in the process of registering for singapore and relevant international medical licenses.
the group will persist on a roadmap to promote and strengthen its core competencies, such as hifu technology and medical solutions, digital x-ray and medical imaging technology, and its one-of-a-kind social-emotional development textbook.
with a sustainable original equipment manufacturer “oem” business model, the group can bring in a substantial amount of healthcare solutions, such as customizable surgical packs, and strengthen the group's supply chain with government and private hospitals and related medical organizations.
the group will also aim to expand its influence to more organizations in singapore, southeast asia, the middle east, and other countries.
the group will continue to fulfill its corporate social responsibility by publishing levels 2, 3, and 4 of the social-emotional development textbook series.
meanwhile, the company will also actively searching for and introducing new eco-friendly and sustainable medical products.
we are committed to fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities, and our focus on eco-friendly and sustainable medical products reflects this commitment.
covid-19 while we transition towards relaxed covid-19 safety measures, the group has not forgotten to prioritize the health and well-being of all stakeholders, by implementing safe management measures.
all of the group's employees are also encouraged to register for their vaccinations, and to date, 100% of our employees are now vaccinated.
the group will continue to tread cautiously amidst the recurrent covid-19 waves and new strains and continue to serve all healthcare front-liners with infection control products.
we are also grateful to the board for their commitment to best practices in corporate governance and for contributing their invaluable experience to guide the group.
i have every reason to believe that our businesses will soar to greater heights, and our team will continue to stay united, innovative, and resilient.
holds tertiary education from china and japan, mba and dba from the united states.
20 years of experience overseas and 8 years in china.
prior experience as executive director for strategy and risk management at eminence investment pte.
holds a master of social sciences china and global governance from nanyang technological university, a master of science in professional accountancy from the university of london, and a bachelor of science in finance and accounting management from northeastern university.
completed the program for leadership development at harvard business school.
dr toh lim kai independent non-executive director appointed on october 17, 2020 member of audit committee, remuneration committee, and nominating committee.
family physician at doctors for life medical since 2018. over 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical/medical device industry.
regional medical director for ge healthcare, viiv, and abbvie.
implemented medical affairs strategy for the asia pacific region.
currently a member of the hometeam ns audit committee.
he has also acted in various cross border transactions with prc elements, and frequently advises issuers on their regulatory compliance and corporate governance issues.
corporate governance report the board of directors the “board” or “directors” of oel holdings limited the “company,” and together with its subsidiaries, the “group” is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and places importance on its corporate governance processes and systems to ensure greater transparency, accountability, and maximization of long-term shareholder value.
i. board matters the board’s conduct of affairs principle 1: the company is headed by an effective board which is collectively responsible and works with management for the long-term success of the company.
provision 1.1 principal duties of the board the board provides strategic guidance, oversees the key activities for the company and ensures that there are adequate financial and human resources to achieve its objectives and long-term success of the business.
establishing a framework of prudent and effective controls appropriate to the nature and size of the group’s operations which enable risks to be assessed and managed, including the safeguarding of shareholders’ interests and the company’s assets.
setting corporate values and standards including ethical standards for the company to ensure that its obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are met.
they provide insight and recommendations on the group's operations at the board and board committees meetings.
independent directors have similar duties as the non-executive directors, with the additional responsibility of providing independent and objective advice and insight to the board and management.
directors' orientation and training orientation is organised for new director s upon their appointment, which includes a briefing by management on the group's structure, business strategies and operations.
corporate governance report the company recognizes the importance of appropriate training for the directors, apart from the initial orientation.
the directors are updated on amendments to/requirements under the catalist rules and other statutory and regulatory requirements from time to time, to enable them to discharge their duties effectively.
continual training, particularly in respect of relevant new laws and regulations, will be provided to the directors from time to time.
matters requiring extensive discussion would be circulated to the board in advance for their information.
provision 1.4 delegation by the board to assist the board in the execution of its responsibilities and to provide independent oversight of management, the board has established a number of committees to assist the board in discharging its responsibilities efficiently and effectively.
these committees include the audit committee “ac” , the remuneration committee “rc” and the nominating committee “nc” collectively, the “board committees” . each of the board committee’s functions, roles and authorities are clearly set out in their respective terms of reference.
the board committees function within clearly defined terms of references and operating procedures endorsed by the board, which are reviewed on a regular basis, along with the committee structures and membership, to ensure their continued relevance, taking into consideration the changes in the governance and legal environment.
the composition and description of each board committee are set out in this report.
corporate governance report each board committee is actively engaged and plays an important role in ensuring good corporate governance in the company and within the group.
minutes of the board committees are regularly provided to the board and are available to all board members.
the board acknowledges that while these various board committees have the authority to examine particular issues and report back to the board with their decisions and recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the board.
the board committees have explicit authority to investigate any matter within their terms of reference, have full access to and co-operation by management, and have resources to enable them to discharge their functions properly and full discretion to invite any director or senior management to attend their meetings.
board and board committee meetings in fy2022 were held in-person and by way of virtual conference, in line with government advisories amidst the covid-19 pandemic.
contributions during meetings and attendance at board and board committee meetings are also considered.
provision 1.6 access to information the board receives complete and adequate information in a timely manner before each meeting, allowing directors to deliberate on issues.
provision 1.7 access to management and company secretary directors have separate and independent access to management, the company secretary, and external auditors.
the company secretary administers, attends, and prepares minutes of board and board committee meetings.
the company secretary's appointment and removal rests with the board.
corporate governance report board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
in assessing the independence of each director annually, the nc had examined different relationships identified by the code that might impair the directors’ independence and objectivity.
the nc is responsible for examining the size and composition of the board and board committees.
additionally, the current size and the existing composition of the board committees provide sufficient diversity of skills, experience, and knowledge without interfering with efficient decision-making.
the board collectively has professional expertise in business management, accounting, legal, corporate governance and medical aspects.
board diversity the company has a written board diversity policy setting out its objectives, principles, implementation, timelines, and monitoring and reporting, in compliance with rule 710a of the catalist rules.
the board diversity policy emphasizes on promoting board diversity through the identified principles of meritocracy, inclusiveness and broad perspective, which encompasses a wide range of factors such as age, gender, ethnicity, nationality, educational background, professional experience and expertise.
the current composition of the board has the appropriate balance of skills, experience, knowledge, gender and backgrounds.
it is the responsibility of the nominating committee to monitor the implementation of the board diversity policy, report to the board on its effectiveness and achievement of qualitative and quantitative objectives, and recommend any revisions to the board for consideration and approval.
2022 annual report: corporate governance report in fy2022, the board worked to continuously improve the diversity of the board in terms of skills, experience, knowledge, and age.
the nomination committee believes the current board possesses the capabilities needed to be effective, including expertise in business management, accounting, legal, corporate governance, and medical fields.
to address evolving industry challenges, the board conducts regular reviews considering expertise, skills, and perspectives to ensure the board's effectiveness.
provision 2.5: meeting of independent directors without management independent directors constructively challenge and develop strategic proposals, reviewing management's performance in meeting group objectives.
they monitor the company's performance, meeting privately without executive directors and management as needed, providing feedback to the board.
in fy2022, they met virtually, in line with government covid-19 guidelines.
management readily consults with directors at board and board committee meetings or informally.
principle 3: clear division of responsibilities there's a clear division of responsibilities between board leadership and management; no individual holds unfettered decision-making power.
clear role divisions ensure an appropriate balance of power and authority, increasing accountability and board decision-making capacity.
provision 3.2: roles and responsibilities of the chairman the chairman leads and ensures board effectiveness by: promoting a culture of openness and debate.
promoting high standards of corporate governance.
corporate governance report the chairman ensures that board meetings are held as needed and that information and materials for discussion are circulated to directors in a timely manner, enhancing board effectiveness.
he promotes constructive discussions among directors and engages with management regularly.
the chairman leads in promoting high standards of corporate governance and ensures effective communication with shareholders.
at general meetings, the chairman fosters constructive dialogue between shareholders, the board, and management.
the availability of a whistle-blowing channel for shareholders to directly contact the ac chairman if concerns exist and normal communication channels with the chairman or management are deemed inappropriate or inadequate.
the nc will review the need to appoint a lead independent director to the board periodically.
corporate governance report board membership principle 4: the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
the nc, in consultation with the board, identifies the current needs of the board in terms of skills, experience and knowledge, to complement and strengthen the board.
potential candidates are sourced from the network of contacts of the board and management, including engaging professional search firms and recruitment consultants if the appointment requires a specific skill set or industry specialisation.
bao honours from royal college of surgeon in ireland msc pharmaceutical medical from hibernia college dublin singapore moh accredited family physician, directorships in other listed companies and other principal commitments: t- medical clinic city gate pte.
performance criteria the board and nc strive to ensure that the directors on the board possess the experience, knowledge and skills critical to the company's business so as to enable the board to make sound and well-considered strategic decisions.
the nc assesses the independence of each director according to the guidance given under the code.
the foregoing evaluation process and results also provide an opportunity to obtain constructive feedback from each director and board committee member on whether procedures and processes had allowed him or her to discharge his duties effectively.
2022 annual report: corporate governance the rc has reviewed and is satisfied that for fy2022, the remuneration received by the executive directors is commensurate with their contribution, efforts, responsibilities, and achievements.
accountability and audit risk management and internal controls principle 9: the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
the board reviews all significant control policies and procedures and highlights all significant matters to management.
during the year, an internal audit was conducted, covering the areas of interested person transaction, financial management, information technology general control and personal data protection.
any material non-compliance or gaps in internal controls were reported to the ac along with recommendations for improvement.
the relevant departments were provided with a copy of the ia's report for further action and the implementation of the action plans are closely monitored to ensure timely and appropriate action.
management will continue to review and strengthen the group's control environment and devote resources and expertise towards improving its internal policies and procedures to maintain a high level of governance and internal controls.
audit committee principle 10: the board has an audit committee which discharges its duties objectively.
5. review the company's policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated, and appropriately followed up on, and ensure that the company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistleblowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns.
8. make recommendations to the board on a proposals to shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment, resignation and removal of the external auditors, and b the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
the ac met with the internal auditors and external auditors without the presence of management in respect of fy2022 audit to review matters that may be raised privately further, to undertake an annual review of the independence of the external auditors.
the board is of the view that the ac members are appropriately qualified to discharge their responsibilities, taking into consideration that at least two 2 of the ac members, including the ac chairman, have many years of experience in accounting and relevant financial management expertise and experience.
the board recognises the importance of good corporate governance and the offering of a high standard of accountability to the shareholders of the company.
the ac has full access to, and the co-operation of management, as well as full discretion to invite any director to attend its meetings, and is provided with reasonable resources for it to discharge its functions properly.
ltd., who reports directly to the ac chairman on audit matters.
the ac reviews and approves the annual internal audit plans and resources to ensure that the internal auditor has adequate resources to perform its function.
the ac approves the hiring, removal and evaluation of the internal auditors.
internal audit reports are also given to the external auditors to ensure effective use of resources and to avoid duplication of efforts.
the internal auditors have unfettered access to all the group's documents, records, properties and personnel, including access to the ac, and has appropriate standing within the company, to effectively discharge its responsibilities.
the ac is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent, effective, adequately qualified given, inter alia, its adherence to standards set by internationally recognised professional bodies and adequately resourced.
the ac noted that other than the agreed-upon procedures “aup” engagement to verify the childcare subsidy claims by one of the subsidiaries, there are no other non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the group and is satisfied with the independence of pkf-cap llp as the external auditors of the company.
the ac has reviewed the independence and objectivity of pkf-cap llp in fy2022 and is satisfied that pkf-cap llp has demonstrated appropriate qualifications and expertise and is also independent of the company.
the ac is also satisfied with the adequacy of the scope and quality of the external audits being conducted by pkf-cap llp.
the ac recommended the re-appointment of pkf-cap llp as the external auditors for the ensuing financial year, taking into consideration the audit quality indicators disclosure framework published by the acra.
2022 annual report: corporate governance report provision 10.5: meeting auditors without the management the audit committee ac met separately with the external and internal auditors once in the absence of management for fy2022.
this meeting took place via video conference or other means of telecommunication, in line with government advisories amidst the covid-19 pandemic.
whistle-blowing policy the company is committed to high ethical standards and has a zero-tolerance approach to fraud.
the whistle-blowing policy encourages good-faith reporting.
those who report will be treated fairly and protected from reprisal, as far as possible.
the ac oversees the function and handling of reported matters, evaluating the seriousness and credibility of the matter, confirming allegations, and ensuring independent investigations and follow-up actions.
the ac follows the processes defined in the whistle-blowing policy to ensure proper conduct of investigations, including disciplinary actions and remediation of control weaknesses.
a shareholder who is not a relevant intermediary as defined in section 181 6 of the companies act is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the general meetings through proxy forms deposited 48 hours of training per employee before the meeting.
2022 annual report: corporate governance report provision 11.2: conduct of resolutions and voting every matter requiring shareholders' approval is proposed as a separate resolution.
corporate governance report engagement with shareholders principle 12: the company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.
provision 13.3 corporate website the company aims to provide clear and continuous disclosures of its corporate governance practices through the efficient use of technology.
corporate governance report viii.
the company acknowledges the significant risks that climate change poses to the operations, the industry, and the communities the company serves.
to address these risks, the company is committed to identifying and evaluating climate-related risks as well as implementing measures to manage and mitigate them effectively.
the company understands that transparency is essential and is currently working to align the disclosure with the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” . as such, information on climate-related risks and opportunities will be included in our future sustainability reports.
x. code of business conduct the directors, officers and employees are required to observe and maintain high standards of integrity, and are in compliance with the law, regulations, and the company’s policies.
the ac has also met with internal and external auditors, without the presence of the company’s management, at least once a year.
further details regarding the ac are disclosed in the report on corporate governance.
the audit committee has recommended to the board the nomination of pkf-cap llp for re-appointment as external auditor of the company at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
auditor pkf-cap llp has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment as auditor.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra” code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code” together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is sia boon tiong.
¹ pkf-cap llp is appointed as auditor but exempted from audit under section 205c of the companies act.
following the roll-out of covid-19 vaccinations globally in prior year and the further reopening of international borders in the current year, these developments have enabled the resumption of more economic activities.
while the group expects the challenges brought by the covid-19 pandemic to continue, the group is confident of meeting such challenges with an emphasis on the safety and well-being of the staff.
meanwhile, the covid-19 pandemic has also increased awareness and demand for the group’s healthcare-related products.
6. shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit the completed and signed proxy forms by way of electronic means via email.
shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email.
