the image is a cover page for aspial lifestyle's sustainability report 2022. it features a graphic depicting a green globe encircled by various environmental icons, suggesting a commitment to sustainability.
at aspial lifestyle limited formerly known as maxi-cash financial services corporation ltd "maxi-cash" or "aspial lifestyle" or the "company", and together with our subsidiaries, the “group” , we firmly believe in the growing importance of environmental, social and governance "esg" factors that are integral to the overall long-term viability of the group and we seek to incorporate esg considerations into our strategies and be fully accountable for our impact on the environment, our customers, our people and our community.
we have worked on the digitalisation of our business, unlocking new avenues to reach our clientele and building resilience against unforeseen operational changes.
this report provides details about our sustainability practices and performances and how we have met our responsibilities with our key stakeholders during fy2022.
as the leader and innovator in the pawnbroking industry in singapore, maxi-cash has changed the overall image of pawnbroking by allowing customers a modern, professional pawning experience emphasizing trust, transparency, and reliability.
mission and values our mission is to deliver quality products and services through our leadership in: learning and innovation brand building value-added partnerships with customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees awards and achievements maxi-cash retail pte.
maxi-cash is proud to be one of the top employers of choice, recognized as a straits time singapore's best employer in 2020, 2022, and 2023. the group is a member of the following associations: singapore pawnbrokers' association singapore chinese chamber of commerce & industry singapore business federation apex business chamber there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
reporting framework this report is aligned and prepared according to the global reporting initiative's gri standards sustainability reporting guidelines.
climate risks are of growing concern to businesses and their stakeholders.
therefore, companies are encouraged to provide climate-related disclosures based on the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures "tcfd recommendations" . we have preliminarily identified the climate risks relevant to the group and their possible impacts, measured our greenhouse gas emission efficiency index and set targets for monitoring.
however, there is currently no formal process for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks.
assurance our internal audit team had adopted a continuous auditing approach where the review is performed periodically with feedback on the areas of improvement / observations.
sustainability strategy the image depicts a lightbulb surrounded by icons representing various aspects of sustainability, such as solar energy, water conservation, and renewable resources.
the overall theme emphasizes the company's commitment to environmentally conscious practices.
it is crucial to include and align the needs of these stakeholders in our business decisions so that we can better strengthen our relationships with them.
stakeholders stakeholders: environment and future generation , material issues: table end.
step 3: prioritisation: prioritize the material esg factors based on importance to aspial lifestyle and stakeholders.
for the purpose of the report structure and clarity, the material topics are grouped into key themes and categorized according to our four sustainability pillars of environment e , employees s , customers g , and suppliers g , corresponding to the esg framework.
table: aspial lifestyle's esg materiality assessment material topics: environmental , management approach: prevailing laws & regulations on environment, waste recycling / management, initiatives: our internal standard operating policies, outcomes and responses: reduce paper consumption through digital filing and documentations, waste and chemicals disposal by recycling company and raising staff awareness on sustainable issues, boundaries: singapore operations material topics: environment and future generations material topics: social material topics: employees , management approach: code of conduct, training and career development, safe and conducive work environment, initiatives: staff communication sessions, staff feedback process, staff exit interviews, outcomes and responses: training programmes, annual performance appraisal, induction programmes, volunteer and community activities, boundaries: singapore operations material topics: governance material topics: customers , management approach: customer relationship management system, data security for customer information, initiatives: customer feedback process, competitive benchmarking survey, customer data protection awareness and education program, outcomes and responses: customer complaints and compliments statistics / trending, create and engage brand ambassadors, boundaries: singapore operations material topics: suppliers , management approach: supplier selection and regular review process supply chain management , initiatives: feedback and communication with suppliers through supplier performance review, outcomes and responses: regular and open communication, meetings and discussions about expectations and deliverables, boundaries: singapore operations table end.
the central element is the word "esg" highlighted on a digital interface, surrounded by icons representing various aspects of governance, including financial indicators $ , a global network, a building representing institutional structures , a graph representing performance , and leaves representing environmental considerations . a hand is shown interacting with the interface, suggesting active engagement with esg principles.
the overall design suggests a modern, technological approach to corporate governance.
governance our board of directors the "board" oversees all corporate governance and operational matters relating to our business.
for corporate sustainability, the board is supported by the corporate sustainability committee “csc” , chaired by our chief executive officer “ceo” , and includes other designated senior executives.
ethics & compliance being a listed company on the catalist board of the sgx-st, we are managed to the highest standards of corporate governance as required under the catalist rules.
our board underwent mandatory sustainability training in fy2022 to enhance their understanding of sustainability reporting, abiding by local and international best practices.
our corporate governance framework covers ethics and compliance through a code of conduct and action guidelines adhered to by officers and employees.
every new employee is introduced to our code of conduct and policies on ethics and compliance, including anti-corruption.
a designated officer maintains a register of incidences regarding ethics and compliance issues, escalating to top management where appropriate.
since july 2020, we've developed and rolled out in-house precious stones and precious metals act training for employees, including senior management, covering the overview of the precious stones and precious metals act, compliance requirements, consequences, internal sop, and work processes.
risk management the board, supported by the audit committee “ac” , oversees our risk management and internal controls financial, operational, compliance, and information technology . our risk and compliance team implemented comprehensive internal controls on key operations.
employees can raise concerns about suspected malpractice in financial management and reporting, or misconduct relating to the company.
a whistleblowing committee including our ceo and chairman of the audit committee leads and manages the overall process, ensuring the policy is regularly reviewed and remains relevant.
key stakeholders focusing on our customer's needs our approach safety in our premises is always our priority.
product quality and safety reliability and quality of our products are of paramount importance to us.
health and safety of our customers is always our priority.
to ensure product safety for our customers, we have put in place a set of key quality assurance processes to ensure compliance with regulations and international standards.
we aim to totally eliminate product safety incidents so as to foster a 'safety first' culture through employee training and quality control.
no reports were received on non-compliance with regulations or codes concerning health and safety of products and services for fy2022.
partnering our suppliers our approach we strive to encourage our suppliers to adopt sustainable practices.
supplier selection requires our key suppliers to disclose their sustainability practices.
supplier selection we select our key suppliers based on criteria such as quality of products and services, competitiveness of pricing and financial health.
we will require our suppliers to disclose their sustainable business practice.
sustainable business practice is one of the key criteria in our supplier selection.
as of fy2022, the compliments vs. complaints ratio stands at 1:1.
social the image shows four employees in what appears to be a retail store setting.
they are all smiling and appear to be in a positive work environment.
the image is used to represent the company's commitment to its employees and social responsibility.
human capital our approach our people are our most valuable resource, and investing in their professional development is vital to our business sustainability.
our human resource “hr” management principles and policies have been developed and established based on fair employment practices, with the goal of attracting, developing, and retaining a motivated workforce.
in view of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, we protect the health and safety of our employees by allowing them to return to the office on a team rotation basis and encourage them to continue working from home, where possible.
we also distribute free art-kits to all employees and encourage everyone to do active testing to stop any possible spread.
our hr practices are guided by the singapore tripartite alliance for fair and progressive employment practices.
the singapore tripartite alliance comprises the ministry of manpower, singapore national employers federation and national trades union congress.
employment practices a diagram showing different aspects of employment practices, including communications, employee feedback, safety and health in the workplace, and individual rights.
we have achieved this through our various communication sessions customized based on the target employees.
agendas covered at these sessions are customized to the target functional scope of the managers.
employee feedback we value our employees’ expertise in their areas of responsibilities.
through various established processes of employee engagement, such as annual employee survey, goal setting discussion, performance review conversation as well as stay and exit interviews, we gather valuable feedback so that we can continually improve our organisation.
in addition, the group’s whistle-blowing policy provides a transparent channel for employees to report any concern or complaint regarding any improper accounting or financial matters, internal controls, disclosure of information, conflict of interest, insider trading, or any other areas involving fraud, corruption and misconduct of employees.
there have been no incidents pertaining to whistle-blowing in fy2022.
safety and health in the workplace we are committed to workplace safety and health, and we take precautions to prevent occupational injuries among our employees.
we believe that safe work conditions boost work morale.
to assist in the case of emergencies, we have formed a fire warden committee and also assign and train employees to be first aiders.
individual rights respecting and protecting basic human rights is fundamental to all our group’s operations.
in fy2022, none of our workforce was covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
there are no incidents of forced labour or young workers identified across the group, and no human rights-related grievances have been reported.
employment profile in fy2022, 496 66% of our employees were female and 255 34% employees were male.
in terms of management function, 58 females 55% and 47 males 45% held managerial positions, while 438 females 68% and 208 males 32% held non-managerial positions.
as of fy2022, the men: women ratio in non-managerial and managerial positions stand at 1:2 and 1:1 respectively, which remains the same from the previous year.
workforce diversity we employ qualified candidates without any discrimination against age, gender, race, marital status, nationality or religion.
we are committed to maintaining a talented, dedicated and diverse workforce and to providing equal opportunities in employment.
employee engagement & training career development and training we recognise that consistent and ongoing training is critical to maintaining a competitive, skilled, productive and motivated workforce.
in fy2022, each employee received an average of 18 hours of training per employee of training.
each senior manager recorded an average of 37 hours of training per employee of training, while managerial and non-managerial staffs recorded an average of 19 hours of training per employee and 20 hours of training per employee of training respectively.
in light of changing business requirements and opportunities and the variety of training methodologies, we will continue to revise our training curriculum and programme to align with the group's objectives and to strive for effectiveness and efficiency in our training approach.
we have in place structured in-house employee engagement and training programmes to obtain employee feedback, facilitate and enhance employee motivation and encourage upskilling e.grams. in the areas of leadership and people skills.
in addition, we worked with external training service providers to upskill employees’ technical competencies and in the area of digitalisation.
average training profile table: average training hours per employee by management level management level: senior management, average training hours: 37 management level: managerial, average training hours: 19 management level: non-managerial, average training hours: 20 management level: overall, average training hours: 18 table end.
during fy2022, the average training hours of training per employee per employee stands at 18 hours of training per employee, which is remained the same as the base year.
employee benefits and healthcare the covid-19 pandemic has pushed us to accelerate our digital transformation, changing the way we work.
our hr team has stepped up to lead this transformation by reinforcing workforce abilities, improving candidate and employee experiences, and more.
to ensure our employees' well-being, we have provided our employees with access to quality healthcare services and encourage participation in various wellness initiatives such as steps challenges, weight-loss programmes, and health and wellness talks.
all employees are entitled to consult our company's appointed panel of medical practitioners or government polyclinics for normal sickness and are entitled to dental care and medical claims for any treatment, including specialist treatments.
we will not use employees' participation in health services or programmes as a criterion for our decision regarding employment or engagement of the employees.
retirement our group has a presence in various geographic locations where there are various local laws and regulations on pension and healthcare for employees.
environmental the image shows a stylized graphic of a green globe resting on green leaves, set against a light green background.
the word "environmental" is prominently displayed in bold, black text to the right of the graphic.
the overall design is clean, simple, and conveys a message related to environmental sustainability.
energy usage and carbon emissions reduction of carbon footprint we recognise that the effective management and monitoring of our carbon footprint can reduce operating costs, raise brand profile, create a competitive edge and increase stakeholders’ value.
our carbon footprint is measured in terms of greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emission.
however, greenhouse gas emission is an absolute measure of how much carbon dioxide equivalent co₂e is emitted.
our greenhouse gas emission is predominantly indirect scope 2 emission that results from the electricity used.
we have insignificant direct scope 1 emission, and we do not include the greenhouse gas emissions generated by our suppliers scope 3 . considering the changes and dynamics of our business and operations, we have established our greenhouse gas carbon emission index for consistent tracking of carbon footprint over time.
to this end, we have set a target for greenhouse gas emission efficiency improvement of 23% from our fy2017 level by fy2030.
our target for greenhouse gas emission improvement is 1% per year.
although various business lines and operations account for different percentages of greenhouse gas emissions across the group, they all support and have aligned their environmental objectives accordingly.
in fy2022, our greenhouse gas carbon emission index stands at 3.77. in comparison to our base year fy2017 index at 3.73, it is a 1.1% slightly increase.
for more details on the greenhouse gas carbon emission index, please refer to the section below.
table: greenhouse gas carbon emission index year: 2017 base , greenhouse gas carbon intensity index: 3.73 year: 2019, greenhouse gas carbon intensity index: 3.45 year: 2020, greenhouse gas carbon intensity index: 3.29 year: 2021, greenhouse gas carbon intensity index: 4.53 year: 2022, greenhouse gas carbon intensity index: 3.77 table end.
a graphic depicting a cloud with co2 emissions decreasing.
energy usage and co₂ emissions performance table direct and indirect co₂ emissions are measured in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste tonnes-co₂ and kilowatt hours kilowatt-hours , from electricity and fuel consumed.
the electricity and fuel that we purchase are both from non-renewable sources.
as our business and operations grow over time, our greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption will vary.
to ensure consistency and comparability of the greenhouse gas emission and electricity consumption measures over time, we have created a greenhouse gas emission index and electricity consumption index for our performance monitoring.
the index adjusts the greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption for the size of our activities.
we normalize the amount of greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption by the size of our revenue which we use as a proxy of the size of our activities.
the greenhouse gas emission index is measured in tonnes-co₂ per singapore dollar million and the electricity consumption index is measured in kilowatt-hours per singapore dollar million.
table: greenhouse gas emission and electricity consumption index fy2017-fy2022 year: fy2017, greenhouse gas emission index tonnes-co₂/million singapore dollar : 3.73, electricity consumption index kilowatt-hours/million singapore dollar : 7,682 year: fy2019, greenhouse gas emission index tonnes-co₂/million singapore dollar : 3.45, electricity consumption index kilowatt-hours/million singapore dollar : 7,141 year: fy2020, greenhouse gas emission index tonnes-co₂/million singapore dollar : 3.29, electricity consumption index kilowatt-hours/million singapore dollar : 6,854 year: fy2021, greenhouse gas emission index tonnes-co₂/million singapore dollar : 4.53, electricity consumption index kilowatt-hours/million singapore dollar : 9,444 year: fy2022, greenhouse gas emission index tonnes-co₂/million singapore dollar : 3.77, electricity consumption index kilowatt-hours/million singapore dollar : 7,875 table end.
for performance tracking purposes, we will use fy2017 data as our base for our performance tracking towards our fy2030 goals.
as of fy2022, the greenhouse gas emission index stands at 3.77 and the electricity consumption index stands at 7,875, which is 1.1% and 2.5% respectively increase from the base year.
this was mainly due to the amount of greenhouse gas emissions and electricity consumption by the newly acquired subsidiary during the year.
reduction of paper consumption all our employees are encouraged to minimize paper usage at work by adhering to our paperless initiative.
we encourage all employees to adopt digital documents instead of paper documents with an aim to further reduce paper consumption.
considering the changes and dynamics of business and operations, we have established our paper consumption index for consistent tracking of paper consumption over time.
due to the successful implementation of our paperless initiative, we have recorded a significant improvement in our paper consumption since fy2018.
hence, we would like to revise our paper consumption improvement target from 23% to 50% by 2030. our target for paper consumption improvement is about 1% per year.
although various business lines and operations account for different percentage of paper consumption across the organization, they have aligned their environmental objectives accordingly.
in fy2022, we consumed a total of 2,547 kilograms of paper.
a bar chart showing the paper consumption index from 2017 to 2022. paper consumption performance table we capture the data for paper consumption by the number of packs of 500 sheets of paper of paper used.
to ensure consistency and comparability across various paper sizes, such as a3 and a4 papers, we measure the paper consumption by the weight of paper used, which is adjusted for the various sizes and quality of paper.
as our business and operations grow over time, the paper consumption patterns will vary.
we have devised a paper consumption index for our performance monitoring.
the index adjusts the paper consumption for the size of our activities.
we normalize the total weights of paper consumed by the size of our revenue, which we use as a proxy of the size of our activities.
the paper consumption index is measured in kilograms per singapore dollar million.
for performance tracking purposes, we will use fy2017 data as our base for our performance tracking towards our fy2030 goals.
gri 2: general disclosures 2021 emissions 2016 305-5 : reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
response: sr pages 20-21 environmental compliance 307-1 : non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations.
social labor/management relations 2016 402-1 : minimum notice periods regarding operational charges.
occupational health and safety 2018: 403-1 : occupational health and safety management system.
response: sr page 15 403-4 : worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety.
response: sr page 15 403-5 : worker training on occupational health and safety.
response: sr page 15 403-6 : promotion of worker health.
response: sr page 18 403-9 : work-related injuries.
response: no reports were received on work-related injuries.
403-10 : work-related ill health.
response: no reports were received on work-related ill health.
training and education 2016: 404-1 : average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee.
response: sr pages 17-18 diversity and equal opportunity 2016 405-1 : diversity of governance bodies and employees.
human rights assessment 2016 412-2 : employee training on human rights policies or procedures.
response: sr page 17 public policy 2016 415-1 : political contributions.
customer health and safety 2016: 416-1 : assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and services categories.
response: sr page 12 416-2 : incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services.
marketing and labelling 2016: 417-2 : incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labelling.
socioeconomic compliance 2016 419-1 : non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area.
// image of aspial lifestyle sustainability report 2022 cover page.
aspial lifestyle sustainability report 2022 note: the provided image only contains the title of the report.
