2023 annual report: expansion & growth note: this is a placeholder for the image showing moneymax stores and employees.
the image shows a modern store interior and exterior with employees interacting with customers.
insurance moneymax assurance agency offers motor, travel, home and commercial insurance services, ensuring peace of mind for our clients.
shift in consumers' behaviour post the covid-19 pandemic have nevertheless offered pockets of opportunities and new growth avenues for the group.
in this regard, our business teams continue to remain agile and proactive, and we hope to tap onto these opportunities as and when they arise to continue staying ahead of the curve.
as before, we celebrated the achievements and success of our partners through our annual "partners' appreciation night".
05 chairman's statement giving back to our communities there is a growing recognition within the group that we as an organization can, and should, direct some of our focus towards creating meaningful social value and giving back to our local communities.
in addition to the usual community outreach programs that the group participates in, i am pleased to share that we had launched our very own “moneymax education grant” in january 2023, which is aimed at supporting the education of our beneficiaries.
this program is especially meaningful to the group because it is not merely a bursary program to us, but also an initiative that symbolizes a commitment towards our belief that education should be accessible to all.
i am also pleased to share that the group had made an internal pledge to match every transaction in our retail stores in december 2023 with a donation to the community chest, with the final donation sum amounting to a total of singapore dollar25,000.
the organization supports, amongst others, families in need of assistance and children with special needs.
in a similar vein, we have also continued to support other charities and welfare organizations in our steadfast commitment to generate social impact within our local communities.
i would like to take this opportunity to extend my deepest appreciation to my colleagues for their unity, hard work, and commitment in the past year.
it is our immense privilege to embark on another chapter with you by our side.
mr. ng was awarded the prestigious pingat bakti masyarakat or the public service medal in 2007 and was awarded the bintang bakti masyarakat or the public service star award in 2016 for his various community services.
in addition, he is actively involved in community and grassroots activities.
“hle" , where he oversees the financial, administrative, human resource and business development aspects of hle's business and operations.
mr. khua holds a diploma in building with merit from singapore polytechnic, and a bachelor's degree in building construction management first class honours from the university of new south wales, australia.
she is also involved in determining and executing operational audit plans and schedules.
tan has more than 20 years of experience in the jewellery industry, and was responsible for human resource, operational and administrative matters of the sk jewellery group from 1991 to 2012. she holds a diploma in electronics engineering from ngee ann polytechnic.
chong holds a bachelor of commerce accounting from university of otago in new zealand and is a member of cpa australia.
lim has more than 20 years of experience in the jewellery industry, and was responsible for human resource, operational and administrative matters of the sk jewellery group from 1991 to 2012. she holds a diploma in chemical process technology from singapore polytechnic.
business highlights celebrating 90th store in singapore & malaysia moneymax proudly commemorates a significant milestone in its journey – the opening of our 90th store across singapore and malaysia on 7 may 2023. at the grand opening event, esteemed business partners, valued customers and long-serving staff joined in to celebrate this achievement.
since establishing in 2008, the brand has been humbled by the unwavering support from our customers and the dedication of our team.
as we mark this milestone, we reaffirm our commitment to delivering exceptional financial services and expanding our reach to cater to the evolving needs of customers.
business highlights empowering communities: moneymax's new philanthropic endeavor the moneymax education grant program represents a cornerstone of our community initiatives, aimed at providing financial support to underprivileged students in singapore.
during its inaugural phase, the program disbursed over singapore dollar20,000 in education grants to over 100 bursary recipients, marking a significant milestone in our ongoing commitment to fostering accessible education.
this initiative underscores moneymax's dedication to societal advancement by facilitating positive change and cultivating a culture of philanthropy.
embodying this ethos, we invited our esteemed partners from the automotive dealership network for an enriching evening of camaraderie and appreciation during our moneymax leasing partners appreciation night.
the drive-through concept not only reaffirms our dedication to pioneering convenience but also underscores our relentless pursuit of customer satisfaction.
beyond mere transactions, our drive-through facilities offer a sanctuary of privacy, security, and efficiency, revolutionizing the traditional pawnbroking experience and setting a new benchmark for industry standards.
as we forge ahead, guided by a vision of excellence and adaptability, moneymax remains poised to redefine the boundaries of success in the malaysian market, continuously striving to exceed expectations and set new precedents in the realm of financial services.
through the incorporation of these principles into the group's business strategy, the board aims to guide the group towards resilience and flexibility.
the sustainability governance structure section of this report will provide further details.
the group acknowledges its responsibility in minimizing its carbon footprint.
as mentioned last year, the group has participated in the lowcarbonsg program led by the carbon leadership pricing coalition singapore.
this participation enables the group to utilize digital tools and receive guidance to track the carbon emissions in its operations and mitigate environmental impact in the future.
as part of our tcfd recommendations disclosures this year, the lowcarbonsg program has assisted us in measuring and disclosing our carbon emissions.
we are excited to continue advancing and improving our sustainability efforts in the upcoming years.
reporting framework this report was prepared with reference to the requirements and principles of the global reporting initiative "gri" universal standards 2021. the decision to adopt the gri standards stems from their esteemed status as a global framework for disclosing an organization's economic, environmental, and social impacts.
it plays a crucial role in guiding the formulation of sustainability strategies and exercises oversight in identifying and managing the group's material topics.
the group has instituted a sustainability committee "sr committee" chaired by the sustainability coordinator "sr coordinator" . the sr coordinator is responsible for organizing biannual meetings of the sr committee to assess the monitoring and management of the group's material topics.
this ensures that our sustainability approach is aligned with stakeholders' priorities and guarantees that stakeholders are kept informed about significant advancements in our sustainability strategy.
effective stakeholder engagement also enables us to stay current in our fast-evolving industry.
a person in a lab coat examining something.
in support of the board, the group's senior management is tasked with executing the group's sustainability plans, maintaining ongoing communication with the board.
in fy2023, we revisited our list of material esg factors for fy2022 and affirmed that these topics remain significant to our business and stakeholders.
below is the full list of our material topics, accompanied by their previously established fy2023 targets and an evaluation of our performance against these targets.
material topics: consumer experience and product responsibility , targets for fy2023: have zero complaints from the consumer association of singapore in fy2023 to maintain service quality standards in accordance with the consumer protection fair trading act cap.
52a and reduce customer complaints., progress for fy2023 targets: attained targets.
material topics: legal compliance and corporate governance , targets for fy2023: have no material incidents of non-compliance with any laws and regulations governing our businesses., progress for fy2023 targets: attained targets.
material topics: anti-corruption and anti-fraud , targets for fy2023: have no whistleblowing reports received and no material incidents of internal fraud or corruption., progress for fy2023 targets: attained targets.
no whistleblowing reports received; no material incidents of internal fraud or corruption.
material topics: diversity and equal opportunities , targets for fy2023: receive no reports of gender or age discrimination from our employees., progress for fy2023 targets: attained targets.
zero reports of gender or age discrimination.
material topics: corporate social responsibility , targets for fy2023: enrich and strengthen social bonds with local communities, building community resilience., progress for fy2023 targets: attained targets.
made various donations and sponsorships; collaborated with new and existing partners.
material topics: environmental stewardship , targets for fy2023: maintain a track record of having no incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and include quantitative disclosures on the group's energy consumption and emissions., progress for fy2023 targets: attained targets.
maintained zero incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws; included quantitative disclosures on the group's energy consumption and emissions.
sustainability pillars governance legal compliance and corporate governance anti-corruption and anti-fraud data privacy economic sustainable economic growth social diversity and equal opportunity corporate social responsibility gender diversity consumer experience and product responsibility environment environmental compliance through our various businesses, the group implements a multifaceted approach to foster sustainable economic growth within the region by: 1. promoting financial inclusiveness in our communities 2. creating jobs for our employees 3. sourcing for goods from suppliers and engaging the services of various service providers 4. supporting local communities 5. making prompt tax payments to governments 6. generating dividends for our shareholders one of the group's key missions is for every individual and business to be able to access affordable and responsible financial services tailored to their requirements.
to equip the board with the relevant sustainability knowledge, all the directors have attended the mandatory sustainability training course.
the trust placed in us by our customers and their families is of immense value.
the customer service department proactively monitors the monthly influx of customer complaints, conducting thorough investigations into their root causes.
following this, efforts are made to reach out to the customers, fostering amicable resolutions to the incidents.
at the store level, specialized customer service training sessions are conducted for new hires, ensuring that they are adequately equipped with essential soft skills to meet the diverse needs of our customers.
target for fy2024 to achieve service excellence and minimize customer complaints by conducting customer service training for all outlet employees.
legal compliance and corporate governance the sustainability and credibility of our businesses hinge on the establishment of good corporate governance practices.
the group's risk and compliance department orchestrates an extensive compliance and governance program, integrating training, monitoring, and enforcement.
in addition to routine assessments conducted by the risk and compliance team, our business processes undergo audits by independent third parties, and are subjected to unscheduled visits from the ministry of law.
moreover, comprehensive internal policies, procedures, and controls, mandated across the firm, further contribute to our commitment to this cause.
2. to maintain effective corporate governance and accountability structures across the group, to ensure regulatory compliance.
ethical business conduct anti-corruption and anti-fraud the group takes an unwavering stance against bribery and corruption.
we have an established monitoring and enforcement framework used to identify and prevent corrupt or fraudulent activities.
the risk and compliance department also conducts regular and spontaneous cash inspections at our outlets.
the board actively oversees and guides our group's internal controls and risk management systems.
we have an established whistleblowing policy which allows employees and other stakeholders to report matters such as business misconduct, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or any other dishonest activities directly to the audit committee "ac" . they can be reassured of full confidentiality and protection from undue retaliation.
2. to strive working towards enhancing the group's risk management strategy and control environment at the operational level, and adhere to the highest standards of professionalism, integrity, and ethics across the group.
given that the group handles highly sensitive financial information, we place utmost importance on ensuring the protection of personal data for all relevant stakeholders.
additionally, they also conduct regular training sessions on the personal data protection act "pdpa" for both new and existing employees.
in fy2023, a total of 288 employees underwent training and refresher courses on proper management of personal data, compared to 69 employees for fy2022.
fair employment practices in pursuit of sustainable growth, the group prioritizes the establishment of an inclusive and forward-thinking workplace that inspires every employee to deliver their optimal performance.
the diagram shows a central circle labeled "diversity management" connected to smaller circles representing nationality, lifestyle, race, gender, age, and career background.
diversity and equal opportunities the group's human resources department is in charge of the design and implementation of comprehensive strategies for talent acquisition, development, and retention to foster an effective and diverse workforce.
moreover, adhering to the tripartite guidelines on fair employment practices, the group is dedicated to recruiting employees based on skills and experience, regardless of race, age, gender, religion, or ethnicity.
the importance of treating all employees with respect is crucial for cultivating an inclusive work environment within the group.
performance as of 31 december 2023, the group employed a total of 372 employees in singapore, as compared to 353 employees as at 31 december 2022. our workforce consists of employees spanning a wide age range, allowing us to tailor products and services to meet the diverse needs of consumers across various age groups.
the group maintains a strict stance of non-tolerance towards any form of discrimination, and we actively encourage employees to promptly report any instances of discrimination they may encounter to the human resources department.
in fy2023, we are pleased to have received zero 0 reports of gender or age discrimination from our employees.
building a culture of empowerment our workforce constitutes our most valuable asset, and we strive to provide equal opportunities for job rotation and internal career advancement across various business units based on individual performance and capability indicators.
we encourage open communication with our employees and actively gather feedback during the annual performance appraisal exercise to enhance staff retention rates in the long term.
additionally, we continuously invest in our staff's professional development by offering training on a diverse range of topics throughout the year.
this is aimed at refining skill sets and enhancing the overall productivity of our workforce.
the group conducted a total of 54 training seminars in fy2023.
2. to build a workplace that is not only inclusive and progressive, but also one that encourages employee growth and success.
fair employment practices our workplace diversity profile across gender and age for workforce and management is as follows: employee category: permanent full-time employees category: male , fy2023: 100, fy2022: 90 category: female , fy2023: 272, fy2022: 263 category: total , fy2023: 372, fy2022: 353 table end.
statistics for gender ratio workforce: fy2022: male 75%, female 25% fy2023: male 73%, female 27% management: fy2022: male 80%, female 20% fy2023: male 80%, female 20% statistics for age ratio workforce: fy2022: <30 18% , 30-50 61% , 50 21% fy2023: <30 19.5% , 30-50 63.5% , 50 17% management: fy2022: <30 20% , 30-50 60% , 50 20% fy2023: <30 40% , 30-50 60% , 50 0% caption: a photograph showing a large group of employees.
corporate social responsibility the well-being of our local communities is of utmost importance to the group.
we actively promote and encourage all our staff to contribute to the community through engagement in activities such as community service, making donations, and participating in fundraising initiatives.
performance in fy2023, the group has given donations and sponsorships, and collaborated with the following partners: 1. donation to the united overseas bank limited's annual chinese new year charity fund-raiser, which is held in support of the arts, children and educational causes.
these include the business times budding artists fund, the straits times school pocket money fund, as well as my digital bootcamp by uob and the central singapore community development council.
2. donation to sian chay medical institution, which is a registered social service agency that provides free traditional chinese medicine consultation and low-cost medicine and treatments for the community regardless of race or religion.
3. donation to the marsiling community club's gala night, a fundraising event for the development of the new marsiling community club.
4. donation to the north east community development council's chi chen tan compassion and care charity dinner, which supports the council's efforts to benefit and bring joy to 25,000 unprivileged, needy families, elderly and students.
5. sponsorship for bukit merah community centre's 60th anniversary dinner as they bid a fond farewell to their beloved community centre as it neared closure.
6. participated in radin mas citizens' consultative committee's habuan distribution event, packing and delivering food and essential items to muslim families residing in rented housing units within the radin mas constituency.
7. launched the inaugural moneymax education grant program with the aim of providing financial assistance to students from underprivileged backgrounds in singapore to advance their education goals, encourage scholastic excellence, and promote a caring and sharing community.
over 100 students were awarded education grants as part of the inaugural batch of bursary recipients.
target for fy2024 to continue to enrich and strengthen the social bonds with local communities, thereby building community resilience.
environmental stewardship the group is dedicated to contributing to the creation of a sustainable future for generations to come.
we acknowledge that the reduction of the group's carbon footprint holds benefits beyond environmental preservation, extending to decreased operating costs and an enhanced brand image.
we have implemented measures to improve energy efficiency within the group.
energy-efficient led lighting systems have been installed across all our showrooms.
since fy2020, we have been utilizing electricity from solar energy providers to power our singapore headquarters.
additionally, over the years, we have decreased our use of petrol by gradually introducing more electric vehicles into our fleet of vehicles.
this endeavor resulted in the conservation of a total of 13,005 paper bags in fy2023.
as a participant in the lowcarbonsg program, we have actively utilized the tools designed for achieving additional energy savings.
target for fy2024 target to maximize the environmental efficiency of our operations and contribute towards a greener future for everyone.
the senior management team bears the responsibility for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
additionally, the senior management team will convene with the board periodically to provide updates and engage in discussions regarding climate-related matters.
in fy2023, we started to assess our climate risks and opportunities and begun establishing the required governance structure and risk management practices.
our phased approach towards full adoption of tcfd recommendations is reflected in the implementation timeline below: tcfd pillar: governance , year 1 fy2023 : described the governance structures, including board oversight and the management's role.
tcfd pillar: strategy , year 2 fy2024 : identify the climate-related risks and opportunities.
tcfd pillar: risk management , year 2 fy2024 : describe the processes for identifying and managing climate-related risks.
describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management.
tcfd pillar: metrics and targets , year 1 fy2023 : disclosed scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
metrics and targets scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions given the increasing global emphasis on addressing climate change, there is a growing expectation from nations and consumers for companies to evaluate and mitigate their greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emissions.
recognising this, we acknowledge the vital importance of quantifying our carbon footprint and implementing measures to control it.
fy2023 marks the first year the group is disclosing quantitative greenhouse gas emissions data, and consequently, there is no comparative data for fy2022.
we have also selected fy2023 as the baseline year for us to monitor and evaluate improvements to our greenhouse gas emissions performance moving forward.
in computing our greenhouse gas emissions, we have applied the greenhouse gas protocol corporate standard, a well-known and established standard developed by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development.
our scope 2 emissions are attributable to our electricity usage, which is purchased from the national grid.
we currently do not have information on our scope 1 emissions as we did not track it.
the following table illustrates the group's breakdown of greenhouse gas emissions for fy2023.
table: greenhouse gas emissions in fy2023 : greenhouse gas emissions scope 2 produced in fy2023 : purchased electricity from national grid, amount of greenhouse gas emissions in total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂ equivalent tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 722.5 table end.
table: greenhouse gas emissions intensity in fy2023 metric used for intensity ratio calculations: total scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent , amount: 722.5 metric used for intensity ratio calculations: revenue millions of singapore dollars , amount: 285.7 metric used for intensity ratio calculations: greenhouse gas emissions intensity ratio tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/millions of singapore dollars , amount: 2.5 table end.
recommended disclosure: a. describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities., page ref / remarks: 31 recommended disclosure: b. describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities., page ref / remarks: 31 disclosure focus area: strategy , recommended disclosure: disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and financial planning where such information is material.
recommended disclosure: a. describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium and long term, page ref / remarks: to be incorporated by fy2025 recommended disclosure: b. describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and financial planning., page ref / remarks: to be incorporated by fy2025 recommended disclosure: c. describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario., page ref / remarks: to be incorporated by fy2025 disclosure focus area: risk management , recommended disclosure: disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks.
recommended disclosure: a. describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks., page ref / remarks: to be incorporated by fy2025 recommended disclosure: b. describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related risks, page ref / remarks: to be incorporated by fy2025 recommended disclosure: c. describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management., page ref / remarks: to be incorporated by fy2025 disclosure focus area: metrics and targets , recommended disclosure: disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
recommended disclosure: a. disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process., page ref / remarks: 31 recommended disclosure: b. disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions and the related risks., page ref / remarks: 31 recommended disclosure: c. describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets., page ref / remarks: to be incorporated by fy2025 table end.
corporate governance report the board is firmly committed to ensuring a high standard of corporate governance to protect the interests of shareholders of the company the "shareholders" and to enhance long-term shareholders' value.
such compliance is regularly reviewed to ensure transparency and accountability.
the board oversees the business affairs of the group and has the overall responsibility for reviewing the group's strategic plans and performance objectives, financial plans and annual budget, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposals, financial performance and corporate governance practices.
the board accepts that while the board committees have the authority to examine specific issues and will report back to the board with their decisions and/or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters remains with the board.
the management also keeps the directors updated on relevant and strategic developments in the business, financial reporting standards and industry-related matters periodically to facilitate the discharge of their duties.
the board also meets as warranted by circumstances to supervise, direct and control the group's business and affairs as well as deliberate on key matters.
the executive chairman and ceo keeps the board updated through informal meetings and discussions to ensure the board is aware of developments in the group's business.
a chairman of the respective board or board committee b attendance by invitation the group has adopted guidelines setting forth matters that require board’s approval.
corporate governance report the management ensures the provision of complete, adequate, and timely information to the directors on an ongoing basis to enable them to make informed decisions to discharge their duties and responsibilities.
board and board committee papers are provided to the directors in advance.
employees and professional advisers who can provide additional insight into matters to be discussed will be present at the relevant time during the board and board committee meetings.
principle 2: board composition and guidance the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
while reviewing the composition of the board and board committees, the board takes into account the balance and diversity of the directors' skills, competencies, experience and knowledge of the group, other aspects of diversity such as gender and age, so as to avoid groupthink and foster constructive debate.
these competencies include accounting and finance, business acumen, management experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning experience, familiarity with regulatory requirements and knowledge of risk management.
as mentioned under principle 5 below, the nc conducts an annual assessment of the performance of the board as a whole with a view to achieve balance and diversity to ensure effectiveness.
the composition of the board is reviewed on an annual basis by the nc to ensure that the board has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience to enable the management to benefit from a diverse perspective in reviewing the issues that are brought before the board and to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
having regard to the guidelines in the board diversity policy, the board is committed to meeting the objectives identified below: i in designing the board's composition, board diversity has been considered from a wide range of aspects, including but not limited to age, gender, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service, and any other factors that the board may consider relevant and applicable from time to time.
directors with technical, legal, financial, management and/or audit background will bring with them various extensive business experiences.
high emphasis is placed on ensuring a balanced composition of skills and experience at the board level in order to provide a range of perspectives, insights and challenges that enable the board to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively, support good decision making in view of the core businesses and strategy of the group, and support succession planning and development of the board.
ii for achieving an optimal board, additional measurable objectives/specific diversity targets may be set and reviewed from time to time to ensure their appropriateness.
the company is committed to maintaining an environment of respect for people regardless of their gender in all business dealings and achieving a workplace environment free of harassment and discrimination on the basis of gender, physical or mental state, ethnicity, nationality, religion, age or family status.
the same principle is applied to the selection of potential candidates for appointment to the board in order to attract and retain women participation on the board.
corporate governance report age diversity the company does not set any specific target for the board's age diversity but will work towards having appropriate age diversity in the board, if opportunity arises.
the board is fully committed to promoting age diversity, valuing the contribution of its members regardless of age, and seeks to eliminate age stereotyping and discrimination on age.
the decision on the selection of director s to be appointed on the board will ultimately be based on merit, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity balanced with the needs of the board.
the board is also of the view that the directors possess as a group the necessary competencies and knowledge to lead and govern the group effectively.
the independent directors constructively challenge and participate in setting strategies and goals for the company and review, as well as monitor, the performance of management in the implementation of the agreed strategies and goals.
principle 3: chairman and ceo there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
the code advocates that there should be a clear division of responsibilities to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability, and greater capacity of the board for independent decision-making.
39 corporate governance report dato' sri dr. lim yong guan is the executive chairman and ceo of the group.
as the executive chairman and ceo, he is responsible for the smooth functioning of the board and ensures the adequate and timely flow of information between the management and the board.
he sets the agenda for meetings, ensures sufficient allocation of time for thorough discussion of each agenda item, promotes a culture of openness and debate at the board, facilitates the effective contribution of non-executive directors, and promotes high standards of corporate governance.
additionally, he is responsible for running the day-to-day business of the group, ensures the implementation of policies and strategies across the group as set by the board, manages the management team and leads the development of the group's future strategies including identifying and assessing risks and opportunities for growth and reviewing the performance of its existing business . he also ensures effective communication with shareholders and other stakeholders.
the board believes it is in the best interests of the group to adopt a single leadership structure where the chairman and ceo are the same person to ensure the decision-making process functions expeditiously.
because the audit committee ac , remuneration committee rc , and nomination committee nc consist only of independent directors, the board believes there are sufficient strong and independent elements and safeguards in place against an uneven concentration of power and authority in a single individual.
principle 4: board membership the board uses a formal and transparent process for the appointment and reappointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
key responsibilities of the nc include making recommendations to the board on relevant matters such as the process for appointment or re-appointment of directors; review of training and professional development programs for the board; and evaluating the performance of the board, the board committees, and each director.
corporate governance report the company has established the following process for the selection and appointment of new directors: the nc determines a suitable size of the board and evaluates the balance and diversity of skills, competencies, experience, gender, age and knowledge of directors required to add value and facilitate effective decision-making, after taking into consideration the scope and nature of the group’s operations.
short-listed candidate s will be required to furnish their curriculum vitae stating in detail, among others, their qualification and working experience.
the board is to ensure that the candidate is aware of the expectations and the level of commitment required.
new directors are briefed on the group’s business, strategies, operations, organisation structures and governance practices to enable them to integrate into their new roles.
all first-time directors who have no prior experience as a director of a company listed on the sgx-st are required to attend the mandatory training as prescribed in the catalist rules.
newly appointed directors will be provided with a formal letter setting out their duties and obligations.
41 corporate governance report the code advocates for the nomination committee nc to recommend objective performance criteria and the process for evaluating the contribution of the executive chairman and ceo, and individual directors to the board.
due to the diverse aspects of the board's decision-making and directions, not all directors can contribute equally.
the decision-making process and review are conducted collectively and openly, maximizing individual directors' knowledge and allowing others to raise concerns.
the board believes this collective evaluation is more effective than evaluating directors individually or as separate board committees.
all directors complete a board assessment checklist to provide feedback on the board and board committees' performance and effectiveness.
checklists are submitted to the company secretary, collated, and presented to the nc for review and discussion before recommendations are made to the board.
the evaluation aims to obtain constructive feedback from each director to improve the board and board committees' performance short-term and long-term, financial and non-financial . the nc reviewed the overall performance and effectiveness for fy2023 and found it satisfactory.
the nc will review guidelines for assessing the executive chairman and ceo's, and each director's, contribution to the board and board committees' performance and effectiveness.
the remuneration committee rc comprises three independent directors, including the chairman.
ensure the remuneration of employees related to directors, the ceo, and/or controlling shareholders aligns with the group's staff remuneration guidelines and their respective job scope and level of responsibility.
this is designed to align remuneration with the interests of shareholders and link rewards to corporate and individual performance so as to promote the long-term success of the group and ensure that the remuneration is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the directors to provide good stewardship of the company and key management personnel to successfully manage the company for the long term.
it is designed to reward, retain and motivate employees and directors to achieve superior performance to align the interests of employees and directors with that of shareholders.
in this regard, major strategic decisions are deliberated by the board to ensure that identifiable risks are adequately managed.
the board is responsible for the governance of risk and recognizes the importance of maintaining a sound system of internal controls and risk management to safeguard shareholders' interests and the group's assets.
the ac concurs with the board's comments.
principle 10: audit committee the board has an audit committee "ac" which discharges its duties objectively.
corporate governance report the board considers mr. ng cher yan, a fellow member with the institute of singapore chartered accountants and member of chartered accountants australia and new zealand, and who has extensive and practical financial knowledge and experience, well-qualified to chair the ac.
the board is of the view that the members of the ac are appropriately qualified in that they have sufficient accounting or related financial management expertise and experience to discharge the duties and responsibilities of the ac.
the role of the internal auditors is to assist the ac in ensuring that the controls are effective and functioning as intended, to undertake investigations as directed by the ac, to conduct regular audits of high risk areas and to report their findings to the ac for review by both the ac and the board.
cla possesses vast experience in providing internal audits, risk management services and advisory services in the region.
the ac is satisfied that the internal auditors are independent, effective and adequately resourced and is staffed with persons with the relevant qualifications and experience.
the group has put in place a whistle-blowing framework the "whistle blowing policy" , endorsed by the ac where the employees of the group or any other person may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible corporate improprieties on matters of financial reporting or other matters.
a dedicated secured email address has been set up to allow whistle-blowers to contact the chairman of the ac directly.
47 corporate governance report the ac reports to the board on such matters at the board meetings.
should the ac receive reports relating to serious offences and/or criminal activities relating to the group, the ac and the board have access to appropriate external advice where necessary.
there were no reported incidents pertaining to whistle blowing during fy2023.
voting procedures are clearly explained to shareholders at the general meetings of the company before the resolutions are put to vote.
the minutes record substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the general meeting, and responses from the board and management.
the board ensures that there are separate resolutions at general meetings on each distinct issue.
all directors, including the chairman of the board, the ac, the nc and the rc, attend all general meetings to address issues raised by shareholders.
the external auditor is also invited to attend the agm and is available to assist the directors in addressing any relevant queries raised by shareholders relating to the conduct of the audit and the preparation of the contents of the external auditor's report.
principle 12: engagement with shareholders the company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.
general meetings are the principal forum for dialogue with shareholders.
to promote a better understanding of shareholders' views, the board encourages shareholders to participate during the company's general meetings.
the company has identified material environmental, social and governance factors which are assessed to have significance on the company's business processes.
the company welcomes feedback from its stakeholders with regards to the company's sustainability efforts.
it also includes an explanation of how the independent auditor’s objectivity and independence are safeguarded where the independent auditor provides non-audit services.
7. independent auditor rsm sg assurance llp has expressed willingness to accept re-appointment.
we are independent of the company in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra" code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code” together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
3. assessed the independence, qualifications and competence of the gemologist and the watch valuer.
assessed the independence, qualifications, and competence of the gemologist and the watch valuer.
our procedures include: assessed the independence, qualifications, and competence of the external valuer.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is lee mong sheong.
further information about the remuneration of individual directors is provided in the report on corporate governance.
