our enduring legacy.
sustainability report 2022 about this report ocbc is committed to transitioning to a low-carbon future and creating a positive impact for society, by acting with integrity and embedding responsible and sustainable business practices in everything we do.
scope ocbc group's sustainability report covers the sustainability strategy, initiatives and performance of our operations in key markets, namely singapore, malaysia, indonesia and greater china.
great eastern holdings, a subsidiary of ocbc group and a publicly listed company, publishes an independent sustainability report that provides detailed environmental, social and governance esg data concerning its operations.
these standards also provide the framework to communicate relevant information to stakeholders on the bank's esg risks and opportunities.
ocbc acknowledges that climate change is one of the greatest environmental challenges facing society, businesses and the economy.
by aligning our climate-related disclosures with the tcfd recommendations in this report, we can articulate the climate-related risks and impacts to the bank, as well as the approaches taken to manage such risks and capture new opportunities.
reflecting on the past year, we saw a greater urgency for climate action and desire for orderly transition towards a net-zero economy.
this was accompanied by an increased focus on transparency in environmental, social and governance esg performance and disclosure.
on the environmental front, we pursued net zero and bolstered support for our customers in their journey towards a low-carbon future.
for our social pillar, we advocated social development causes within the community and strengthened our talent pool through enhanced capacity building.
in terms of corporate governance, we continued to promote our core values and uphold high standards of ethics and conduct in everything we do.
driving sustainability the board provides strategic direction and specifically considers sustainability issues, with a focus on climate and environmental matters, in formulating strategy.
through the board risk management committee, the board regularly reviews and approves the sustainability-related policies to ensure they are aligned with our esg strategy and stakeholders' expectations.
our sustainability strategy was refined accordingly to focus on three pillars — build a low-carbon future, create positive impact for society and act with integrity — which encompass all material esg factors.
the refined sustainability strategy sharpens ocbc's focus areas while the board continues to oversee the management and monitoring of our material esg factors.
additionally, our sustainability strategy now supports two more united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs : goal 4 promote quality education for all and goal 5 achieve gender equality which reinforce our commitment to social causes within our communities.
driving efforts to build a low-carbon future achieving net-zero emissions and joining the net-zero banking alliance nzba financing decarbonisation transition remains a priority for the bank.
we have steadily grown our sustainable financing portfolio and remain on track to meet our target of singapore dollar50 billion by 2025. in october 2022, ocbc became a signatory to the net-zero banking alliance nzba , a united nations-convened, industry-led initiative that supports the implementation of decarbonisation strategies.
this strategic partnership allows us to collaborate with leading financial institutions to facilitate an orderly transition towards a net-zero economy for our bank and our customers.
we have embarked on a study to develop our baseline emissions of our clients in priority sectors, which will in turn enable us to set decarbonisation strategies to reduce the bank's financed emissions.
accelerating and supporting decarbonisation ocbc became a signatory to the net-zero banking alliance ocbc joined a global group of banks that have committed to align their lending and investment portfolios with net-zero emissions by 2050. achieving carbon neutrality for operational emissions environmental stewardship is how we are playing our part in forging a sustainable future.
we achieved carbon neutrality in our operational emissions for 2022 through implementing key carbon reduction measures like building and space optimisation, and adopting innovative cooling technologies.
for the residual and hard-to-abate operational emissions, we supported carbon offset projects that reduce emissions, develop infrastructure and create jobs for the community.
ocbc sustainability report 2022: key highlights board statement in 2022, we committed to investing more than singapore dollar25 million over the next four years to reduce our carbon footprint in singapore, malaysia, and greater china.
these investments will be used to deploy energy-efficient technology to reduce operational carbon emissions and solar energy systems that will increase renewables in the bank's energy mix for powering operations.
these initiatives will reduce approximately 10,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon emissions, equivalent to removing close to 10,000 cars from the road within the next four years.
driving sustainability through innovation ocbc recognizes the critical role innovation plays in tackling intricate problems.
in 2022, we launched the inaugural ocbc sustainability innovation challenge with the aim of identifying solutions to challenges in food production.
partnering small and medium-sized enterprises smes and start-ups, we awarded two companies funding of up to singapore dollar80,000 each to pilot their sustainability solutions with large corporates, supporting their sustainability journey.
through such collaborations, we can better address the challenges in transitioning the agri-food industry to more sustainable practices, improve food security, and reduce carbon emissions.
contributing to mangrove conservation projects urban planning has transitioned towards adapting our living environment to support decarbonization and build resilience against climate change.
these two projects will see the growth of 18,000 mangrove trees that will absorb an estimated 30,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide over their lifetimes.
we also contributed singapore dollar3 million to the ocbc mangrove park to enhance the growth and conservation of mangrove habitats and singapore's capacity for carbon sequestration.
it is our contribution towards a more resilient and enduring singapore.
creating positive impact for society: investing in our people our people are at the heart of our business, and we continue to invest in them.
in 2022, we unveiled our sustainability learning series—an organization-wide suite of knowledge-sharing sessions aimed at upskilling employees on sustainability topics.
we also launched the eco-versity certificate program in partnership with reputable institutes of higher learning that lead in sustainability thought leadership.
these programs will provide opportunities for our people to upskill and grow together with the bank.
award best bank for employee experience: awarded by the digital banker at the global retail banking grb innovation awards 2022 encouraging employees' contribution to society our employees strongly believe in giving back to the community.
as part of our 90th anniversary, over a three-month period, ocbc's employees contributed more than 900 hours of training per employee of skills-based volunteering in singapore and another 900 hours of training per employee in malaysia under the ocbccares programme.
our volunteers worked with less-privileged communities in areas including digitalization, financial literacy, entrepreneurship, and personal development.
upholding our values and corporate responsibility: committing to strong governance and stewardship trust is the foundation of our relationship with our stakeholders, and we must preserve this trust by maintaining the highest standards of ethics, conduct, and corporate governance.
we have dedicated board and senior management committees to monitor and foster the desired culture and conduct within the ocbc group.
as part of our continuous culture-building effort, we launched the culture stewardship programme to empower younger colleagues to lead the charge in building a stronger ocbc culture through their proposed initiatives.
in 2022, we received two awards which recognize our commitment to upholding the principles of good corporate governance.
the board stands confident that our strong fundamentals in capital, increased commitments towards carbon reduction, and our robust risk management process will allow us to capture new opportunities as we support our customers through an orderly transition towards a net-zero economy.
we are grateful for the support and trust from our customers and communities over the past 90 years.
together with the leadership and dedication of our people, we will continue reaching new frontiers, forging strong partnerships and creating long-lasting value for all stakeholders—to excel for sustainable growth.
a picture of a mangrove forest.
ocbc sustainability report 2022 2022 sustainability highlights build a low-carbon future net-zero banking alliance signatory: reinforcing our commitment towards achieving net-zero emissions to build a sustainable future.
achieved singapore dollar44 billion: in sustainable finance commitments, on track to achieving our singapore dollar50 billion by 2025 target.
carbon neutrality: achieved for our banking operational emissions.
singapore dollar3 million contribution to ocbc mangrove park: to expand carbon sequestration capacity through partnership with nparks in singapore's first large-scale ecological mangrove conservation project.
create positive impact for society donated singapore dollar2.39 million and contributed over 65,000 volunteering hours of training per employee: to address gaps in society.
upskilling of 400 elderly customers within a year: at heartland branches to educate them on digital banking and scam awareness.
launched the eco-versity certificate programme: in partnership with reputable institutes of higher learning that lead in sustainability thought leadership to upskill employees on sustainability topics.
act with integrity formed an anti-scam unit: in collaboration with more than 80 institutions to co-locate their staff within the singapore police force's new anti-scam command office which operates 24/7 to enable a timely response in the case of a scam incident.
ocbc cyber smart programme: was enhanced to uplift the cyber vigilance and competencies of our employees.
an emergency kill switch for financial scams: was introduced to enable customers to swiftly suspend their accounts via atms, the ocbc helpline or the ocbc digital app.
best digital robo-advisory service 2022 : awarded by the asian banker for ocbc robolnvest service.
best bank for employee experience : awarded by the digital banker at the global retail banking innovation awards 2022. ocbc wing hang china: best hr team, best hr expert centre, best hr business partner team : awarded at the 2022 flag awards.
gold for employer awards 2022 : awarded at the skillsfuture employer awards 2022. singapore employee experience of the year – banking : awarded at the asian experience awards 2022. top 3 within the banking and financial services sector and overall 15th among singapore's 100 leading graduate employers 2022 : awarded at the asian experience awards 2022. gold for best leadership development : awarded at the engagerocket workplace of the year 2022 awards.
gold for programme excellence in blended learning category : awarded by chief learning officer 2022 for the dare programme.
bronze for best unique or innovative leadership programme : awarded by brandon hall 2022 for the dare programme.
4 linkedin top company for career growth singapore : awarded by linkedin 2022. 15 linkedin top company for career growth malaysia : awarded by linkedin 2022. champion of good award 2022 : awarded by the national volunteering and philanthropy centre, for exemplary action in doing good, and being a multiplier in engaging partners and stakeholders to do good.
outstanding corporate award : awarded by thye hua kwan moral charities, for contributions made during the covid pandemic.
act with integrity runner up of the most transparent company award financials category : awarded by sias at the sias investors' choice awards 2022. bronze for the best managed board award large-cap category : awarded at the singapore corporate awards 2022. 38 awards received in 2022 from the singapore police force : in recognition of the bank's efforts in helping customers who were victims of various scams such as business email compromise, impersonation scams, investment scams and love scams.
the alliance of public private cybercrime stakeholders appact appreciation awards : in recognition of the strong partnership and support given to the singapore police force.
the structure describes how sustainability matters are governed and managed across the board, board committees, management and functional groups, as well as their respective roles and responsibilities.
2 beyond that, the bank provides capacity building and training in sustainability-related topics across all levels of the organization.
ocbc regularly reviews our governance structure in relation to sustainability and esg matters, including climate-related risks and opportunities to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
this includes providing oversight of the effective management and monitoring of our material esg factors, as well as opportunities and risks associated with sustainability issues such as climate and environmental matters.
the board has ultimate responsibility for the bank’s sustainability report.
the council oversees and approves the group’s sustainability strategy and climate strategy, providing approval for key strategic initiatives relating to sustainability, with a focus on climate and environmental matters.
its responsibilities also include ensuring that the group’s material esg factors are monitored on an ongoing basis and properly managed, as well as approving the bank’s sustainability report.
sustainability working group the sustainability working group swg consists of representatives from the bank’s various business units.
climate strategy workstreams the climate strategy workstreams drive our 5-year climate strategy, which focuses on three priorities: achieve net-zero emissions in alignment with paris agreement goals; enable low-carbon transition through sustainable financing, sustainability-themed products and partnerships; and manage risks associated with climate change effectively.
customers trends, interests and concerns: with greater expectations regarding customer experience, and stronger demands for personalised experiences, artificial intelligence ai is utilised to dive deeper into customer insights., our response: ocbc delivers superior customer experience and customer-centric products by leveraging new technologies.
our ocbc business mobile banking platform also offers our singapore sme customers data and insights on their sales, expenses and cash flow, to enhance their business and financial management., engagement method: surveys, interviews and workshops to better understand our customers and benchmark ourselves against competitors, frequency: regular studies on customer interactions through qualitative and quantitative research methods trends, interests and concerns: as the world's digital transformation progresses, customers are placing greater emphasis on data protection and privacy., our response: we continue to enhance our existing framework and policies, processes and controls to help intensify cyber vigilance across the group.
this year, we enhanced the cyber smart programme to measure and uplift our employees’ knowledge, skills and demonstrated behaviour in managing risks associated with cyber security, data loss and social engineering., engagement method: customer complaint tracking and problem resolution process/governance, frequency: monthly tracking of service level performance via multiple channels and customer complaints trends, interests and concerns: customers are starting to embrace a more sustainable lifestyle such as using e-services as opposed to hardcopy forms ., our response: we actively promote products and offerings to encourage sustainable living.
our ocbc climate index 2022 continues to measure the current levels of environmental sustainability awareness and climate action among singaporeans and provide valuable insights to help nudge behaviours and influence policy-making that will lead to a more sustainable world., engagement method: cross functional projects focusing on improving customer experience and delivering our brand promise, frequency: monthly reporting to senior management on customer service excellence engagement method: employee training programme on human-centred design techniques to ensure our customers are the focus of the product development process, frequency: annual benchmarking against competitors table end.
employees trends, interests and concerns: as the nation moves towards the “new normal” of living with covid, employees now place greater value in flexi-working arrangements., our response: ocbc continues to adopt a hybrid working model to provide our employees with greater workplace flexibility to better manage their work-life balance., engagement method: employee engagement survey, frequency: biennial employee engagement survey trends, interests and concerns: as work gets automated and digitalised, employees anticipate opportunities to learn new skills and constantly upgrade their technical skills., our response: we launched the liferefresh@ocbc, a lifelong learning programme offering holistic support in career and financial planning as well as mental and physical wellness., engagement method: quarterly e-mails from group ceo on ocbc's accomplishments and objectives, frequency: ongoing engagement at division and department levels of employees globally trends, interests and concerns: the pandemic has given rise to an increase in occupation transitions, leading to a talent crunch in the workforce., our response: we continue to attract and nurture young talent through ocbc's new talent programmes such as the science, technology, engineering and mathematics stem internship programme and ocbc ignite apprenticeship., engagement method: divisional town halls engagement method: internal newsletter – ocbc teller engagement method: focus groups and skip level sessions to obtain continuous feedback table end.
ocbc sustainability report 2022 stakeholder engagement investors trends, interests and concerns: as the demand for esg from various investor-led institutions rises, investors are placing greater emphasis on quantifiable data to measure their investments in the short, medium, and long term.
as the global demand for sustainable products is increasing, singapore remains the regional leader in the asean sustainable debt market, with a total issuance of united states dollar13.6 billion in 2021. 1 with an increasing focus on the sustainability agenda within the company, investors now expect executive remuneration to be linked to esg performance.
we have increased our investment offerings across diverse sustainability investment themes such as food scarcity, water, and climate change.
we have set up a board sustainability committee to ensure strong board oversight over esg issues.
the financing gap for sdg 3 good health and wellbeing remains one of the largest in asia, requiring additional financing of united states dollar371 billion per year.
2 an ageing population and inflation remain the greatest concerns in singapore.
this year, we sustained our efforts in giving back to society, especially the underserved communities.
more than 238,000 individuals have benefited from our support, which includes funding and employees' contribution of time and skills.
we launched the ocbc mangrove park in singapore and the tebuk mendeleng mangrove project in malaysia, contributing to the growth of 18,000 mangrove trees to help fight climate change.
engagement method: volunteer activities that have strategic long-term impact on beneficiaries and support the environment events that engage the community at large collaboration with partner organisations evaluation and disbursement of donations and funds to beneficiary groups and ground-up efforts frequency: regular disbursement of donations and funds to charity partners and educational institutions regular volunteer activities throughout the year annual signature events, including ocbc cycle and ocbc community day in singapore, ocbc cycle in malaysia, and ocbc wing hang little debate in china regulators trends, interests and concerns: as the world's digital transformation progresses, the importance of data governance and security in deterring cyber threats continues to heighten.
as the demand for sustainable finance products increases, there is heightened awareness of the risk of greenwashing.
amid increased efforts to combat climate change, regulators are placing greater emphasis on climate risk management and disclosure.
our response: ocbc adopts a holistic organisational approach across risk governance, people, process, and technology to ensure cyber risks are managed and cyber resilience is achieved.
additionally, we leverage on fintech solutions to improve the effectiveness of our regulatory monitoring.
we are consistently improving our climate-related financial disclosures, which are aligned with the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd . this year, we enhanced and integrated them into our sustainability report.
in recognition of global trends and an evolving business landscape which may influence our stakeholders' priorities, it is imperative that we regularly review our material issues — including our material esg factors and selected united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs — to ensure they remain current and relevant.
this is substantiated by gap analyses between ocbc's material esg topics and best practices by global peers.
in 2022, we engaged an external consultant to support our review and update of our material esg factors and un sdgs.
this feedback informs our ongoing esg efforts, which we continuously execute based on their insights and expectations.
notwithstanding that, the bank strives to continuously further our esg efforts and hence implemented the following improvements: this year, we streamlined our material esg factors, including the introduction of a new factor on "climate action".
in the climate action chapter, we have included our climate-related disclosures in accordance with the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd recommendations, to reflect our commitment to the global climate agenda.
this is further supported by the group's commitment to nzba and achievement of its carbon neutrality goal for ocbc's banking operational emissions in 2022. we believe our ongoing focus on climate action and sustainable transition remains crucial to preserving resources for generations to come.
additionally, we expanded our contributions to cover two more un sdgs: goal 4 promote quality education for all and goal 5 achieve gender equality , to reinforce our commitment towards the global sustainable development agenda.
we aspire to create a positive social, environmental and economic impact by embedding responsible and sustainable business practices in everything we do, in order to build a sustainable future for all.
the sustainability pillars set out the 13 material esg factors deemed significant to our business operations and reflecting our stakeholders’ priorities.
these factors guide the group’s sustainability efforts.
environment: build a low-carbon future our pursuit for a low-carbon future focuses on supporting an orderly transition towards net zero in our portfolios as well as in our own environmental footprint.
guiding our decarbonisation efforts is the need to take climate action in response to climate change-related risks and opportunities.
in order to capture climate-related opportunities, we catalyse sustainable solutions by directing capital flow towards meaningful causes through our sustainable financing and investing offerings.
social: create positive impact for society we aspire to drive positive socio-economic development for our customers, employees, communities and the wider society.
we put our customers first and strive to provide accessible financial solutions to uplift customers from all levels of society, leaving no one behind.
serving our customers and communities well requires a healthy, resilient and engaged workforce.
we realise the best in our people by prioritising their health, safety and wellbeing, promoting workforce diversity, equity and inclusion, as well as nurturing them to be future ready.
we also contribute and give back to society through community development and economic contributions.
governance: act with integrity we embed responsible business practices within our bank through strong governance, establishing appropriate controls and oversight of business operations to be a steward of wealth and value for our customers.
illustrative image of the un sdgs ocbc sustainability strategy pillars build a low-carbon future: taking climate action by managing climate change risks and seizing opportunities, as well as reducing our own environmental footprint.
see page 12 create positive impact for society: driving socio-economic initiatives to promote diversity, equity, inclusion and wellbeing for our customers, employees, communities and wider society.
see page 41 13 material esg factors financial inclusion employee health, safety and wellbeing diversity, equity and inclusion talent management community development economic contributions strong governance fair dealing financial crimes prevention cyber security support the global sustainable development agenda illustrative image showing the un sdgs that ocbc contributes to.
sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future taking climate action by managing climate change risks and seizing opportunities, as well as reducing our own environmental footprint.
ocbc sustainability report 2022 our climate strategy as a financial institution, ocbc plays a key role by helping to finance the transition to a low-carbon economy.
in recognition of the decarbonisation imperative, we unveiled a 5-year climate strategy in 2021 outlining how we will become a regional leader in sustainable and responsible banking for a low-carbon economy by 2026. since then, we have sharpened the focus of the climate strategy and the key priorities are: priority 1: achieve net-zero emissions in alignment with paris agreement goals priority 2: enable low-carbon transition through sustainable financing, sustainability-themed products and partnerships priority 3: manage risks associated with climate change effectively in 2022, we observed greater urgency for climate action and a desire for orderly transition towards a net-zero economy.
therefore, we are consistently building momentum to further promote climate-related impact initiatives across four key drivers through customers, innovation and technology, operations, as well as policy and systems.
these four key drivers are complemented by enablers: people as well as partnership.
additionally, we will collaborate with business, community, innovation and knowledge partners to achieve our key priorities and ultimately realise our vision by 2026. climate strategy vision: a regional leader in sustainable and responsible banking for a low-carbon economy by 2026 our priorities 1. achieve net-zero emissions in alignment with paris agreement goals 2. enable low-carbon transition through sustainable financing, sustainability-themed products and partnerships 3. manage risks associated with climate change effectively key drivers customers: empower our customers in the transition to a net-zero economy innovation and technology: enable innovative solutions in the region for sustainable innovations operations: reduce operational emissions and environmental impact policy and systems: deepen and embed climate-related risk management practices and capabilities key enablers people: upskill and reskill employees in awareness and knowledge of sustainability through implementation of sustainability curricula partnerships: forge strong partnerships with business, community, innovation and knowledge partners to address climate change challenges collectively our 2022 climate strategy progress customers: empower our customers in the transition to a net-zero economy as the decarbonisation agenda and transition financing remain a priority for both ocbc and our customers, we have further enhanced our ecosystem of transition and sustainable financing instruments including green loans, green bonds and sustainability-linked loans.
in october 2022, we joined the net-zero banking alliance nzba which reinforces ocbc's commitment towards a net-zero economy.
operations: reduce operational emissions and environmental impact our achievement of carbon neutrality in our operational emissions in 2022 was made possible by implementing key carbon reduction measures like building and space optimisation, as well as adopting innovative cooling technologies at our data centre and offices.
for the residual and hard-to-abate operational emissions, we supported carbon offset projects that reduce emissions, develop infrastructure and create jobs for the community.
people: upskill and reskill employees in awareness and knowledge of sustainability we have strengthened capabilities through the implementation of sustainability curricula for employees.
in 2022, we rolled out 14 new programmes including eco-versity developed in partnership with eight reputable institutes of higher learning.
innovation and technology: enable innovative solutions in the region for sustainable innovations in 2022, ocbc launched the inaugural ocbc sustainability innovation challenge to promote identifying solutions to tackle challenges in food production.
partnering small and medium-sized enterprises smes and start-ups, we awarded two companies funding of up to singapore dollar80,000 each to pilot their sustainability solutions with large corporates, supporting their sustainability journey.
through collaboration and empowering creative minds, we seek to accelerate the transitioning of the agri-food industry towards sustainability and food security.
policy and systems: deepen and embed climate-related risk management practices and capabilities we have integrated climate risk management into our responsible financing framework and policies, recognising the implications of climate-related transition and physical risks on our clients.
in addition, we have commenced our efforts to understand nature-related risks given their close nexus with climate change.
to promote sustainability within the organisation, we have updated policies and employee benefit schemes to encourage sustainable business travel, entertainment and lifestyle choices.
beyond the organisation, we aim to promote sustainable procurement through our updated supplier code of conduct to construct a resilient and sustainable supply chain where possible.
partnerships: forge strong partnerships to address climate change challenges collectively we have continued to engage our partners and contribute by sharing of best practices and insights on key carbon measurement and decarbonisation topics.
sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future climate action why this is material to us the growing impact of human-induced climate change on people and ecosystems highlight how climate risk is clear, present and pervasive, underscoring the urgency of deep emission reductions to limit global warming.
at the same time, transitioning to a low-carbon economy is a significant opportunity for creating new markets and industries and forging a greener and more sustainable future.
since publishing our first task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd report in october 2021, we have continued to make progress in addressing the risks and opportunities of climate change holistically.
we remain steadfast in upholding our responsible financing commitments, managing our operational environmental footprint and growing our knowledge and capabilities in climate risk management.
our management approach as a leading regional financial institution, we are committed to facilitating the fundamental and complex adjustments towards net zero and climate resiliency.
this commitment is anchored in our corporate strategy, excel for sustainable growth, and our 5-year climate strategy, which provide blueprints for action towards achieving our vision of being a key driver of sustainable and net-zero transition in the economies we serve.
as we pursue this strategy, we continue to reinforce our risk management strengths to better navigate the challenges and uncertainties posed by climate change for business resilience.
our commitment to the net-zero banking alliance in october 2022, ocbc became a signatory to the net-zero banking alliance nzba . the industry-led, un-convened nzba reinforces, accelerates and supports the implementation of decarbonisation strategies, including through developing internationally coherent framework and guidelines, as well as promoting peer-learning between member banks.
1 as a signatory of the alliance, we have committed to: reducing our attributable greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions from lending and operational activities to align with pathways to net zero by 2050 or sooner; within 18 months of joining, set 2030 targets or sooner and a 2050 target, with intermediary targets to be set every 5 years from 2030 onwards; and annually publish our financed emissions in line with best practice and, within a year of setting targets, disclose progress against our sector-specific transition strategy.
to fulfil these commitments, we have begun developing a systematic plan to achieve net zero by 2050, with an interim target for 2030. we have embarked on a study to quantify the baseline emissions of our clients in priority sectors, which will in turn enable us to set decarbonisation strategies to reduce the bank’s financed emissions.
we aim to unveil our sectoral financed emissions targets and broad transition plans for priority sectors in the first half of 2023. since 2021, ocbc has been a signatory to the poseidon principles, further demonstrating our commitment to working with our customers in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that is aligned with the international maritime organisation imo 's trajectory.
for a second year, we reported our annual efficiency ratio aer in the poseidon principles annual disclosure report 2022, a carbon intensity metric to track and drive emissions reduction in our shipping portfolio.
our portfolio emissions monitoring efforts provide valuable insights on how we could assist our clients in their decarbonisation journey.
sustainable financing and responsible financing are crucial levers for achieving our goal to be a net-zero bank.
on the responsible financing front, we have been tightening our lending policies progressively to support the shift away from fossil fuel consumption in the real economy.
this includes enhancing our coal-related lending prohibitions to phase out our exposures to coal-fired power plants and thermal coal mines over time.
sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future climate action building climate resilience climate change is a driver of financial and reputational risks, and has the potential to impact our business and operations directly and indirectly.
taking reference from leading research and guidance from international bodies and think tanks, we have assessed that the credit and reputational implications of climate risk, which can occur through transition and physical risk channels, are more likely to be material to our business and operations than other traditional risks.
we view transition risks as potentially significant in the short- to medium-term horizon as the structural and technological transformations to achieve rapid and deep decarbonisation by 2030 gather momentum.
certain sectors and customer types could be adversely affected by tougher climate and energy policies, carbon pricing, market expectations and technology standards, particularly those in carbon-intensive and harder-to-abate sectors.
for example, customers dependent on ecosystem services could be more adversely affected by climate-induced physical effects such as declining water tables, falling agricultural yields and rising sea levels.
we will review this assessment regularly to ensure it stays relevant, tapping on the growing knowledge and evidence base for climate risk.
climate-related risk drivers transition risk drivers transition risk drivers are the societal changes arising from a transition to a low-carbon economy.
they can arise through: changes in public sector policies; innovation and changes in the affordability of existing technologies e.grams., that make renewable energies cheaper or allow for the removal of atmospheric greenhouse gas emissions ; investor and consumer sentiment towards a greener environment.
they can be categorised as acute risks, which are related to extreme weather events, or chronic risks associated with gradual shifts in climate.
reduction in liquid assets due to climate-induced macroeconomic stresses.
risk management approach our ability to support climate mitigation and adaptation efforts in the real economy is inextricably linked with our ability to manage climate-related risks affecting the bank.
given the cross-cutting nature of climate risk, we adopt an integrated and risk-based approach, focusing on managing a climate risk of greater likelihood and impact while keeping a close watch on interrelationships between risk types.
in addition, we are working towards integrating esg and climate risk considerations within our risk appetite framework to better measure and track the bank's exposure to material esg and climate risk issues, thereby enabling effective risk mitigation actions to be taken.
we continue to leverage forward-looking climate scenario analysis to better understand our climate risk exposure under a plausible range of scenarios.
2 put together, these measures enable us to holistically address the inside-out and outside-in implications of climate-related risks.
notes: 1 basel committee on banking supervision, climate-related risk drivers and their transmission channels, apr 2021 2 more information on our responsible financing framework and recent policy and process enhancements relating to climate risk management can be found in the responsible financing chapter.
sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future climate action for climate-related market, liquidity and operational risks, climate risk materiality assessments are carried out to identify implications of transition and physical risks on trading activities, asset and liability management, and operational resilience.
we will continue to enhance our identification and assessment approach and keep up with the best practices and literature in this space.
we have also taken initial steps to enhance our understanding of nature-related financial risks and their interrelationships with climate change by closely following the work of the taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures tnfd . in 2022, we participated in a pilot study on applying the tnfd framework for assessing, measuring and disclosing nature-related risks and opportunities related to the palm oil sector.
key takeaways include the importance of location-based assessments for determining the nature and scale of dependencies between business activities and ecosystem services, and the merits of an integrated approach to nature- and climate-related risks.
we will continue beefing up our capacity in tandem with the expanding knowledge base on nature and climate.
climate scenario analysis climate scenario analysis serves to enhance the bank's understanding of risks and opportunities associated with climate change under a range of simulated scenarios spanning an extended horizon, given the longer period required for impacts of climate change to evolve and materialize and the high degree of uncertainty regarding these impacts.
our pilot climate scenario analysis exercise in 2020 focused on the cost impacts to corporate borrowers under transition scenarios of rising carbon prices.
building on the lessons learnt in our first exercise, we have enhanced our scenario analysis capabilities to broaden and deepen our analysis of the potential effects of climate-related risks on the corporate portfolio, taking guidance from emerging research and industry standards.
table: climate change scenarios 1 source: network for greening the financial system ngfs . we have developed a suite of models capable of assessing the short, medium- and long-term impacts of transition and physical risks on borrowers in eight climate-sensitive sectors including power generation, oil and gas, metals and mining.
these models allow us to analyze the impacts of climate change on our corporate credit portfolio using reference climate scenarios developed by authoritative international bodies, such as the “net-zero 2050”, “delayed transition” and “current policies” scenarios of the network for greening the financial system ngfs , which explore how climate policy, emissions, technology and market preferences could evolve under a range of global warming trajectories, driving transition and physical risks.
a bottom-up modelling approach was used to translate key scenario parameters e.grams., emission intensity pathways, carbon prices, fossil fuel prices and demand, electricity prices and demand, physical hazard frequency and severity into drivers of business performance such as volume, unit cost, price and capital expenditure.
sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future climate action results through our analysis, we have found that carbon intensive and hard-to-abate sectors would be most impacted under the orderly and disorderly transition scenarios.
other sectors with high emission intensities and are hard to abate such as steel and aviation will also be more impacted by the rising carbon prices.
these results reinforce the importance of supporting our clients – particularly those in carbon intensive and hard-to-abate sectors – along their decarbonisation journeys.
upstream oil and gas o&g and coal mining companies would be most impacted by falling fossil fuel demand as the world transitions away from fossil fuel-based products.
for coal mining, the transition scenarios assume rapid phasing-out of coal due to its high emission intensity.
power companies which have started investing in renewables are poised to benefit from rising electricity demand and prices due to progressive electrification of the economy under the transition scenarios.
on the other hand, conventional power companies could face thinner margins as fuel and carbon costs rise alongside the transition to a low carbon economy.
such companies may need transition financing due to the high capital expenditure involved in replacing their fossil fuel generation capacity with renewables and/or installation of carbon capture, utilisation and storage ccus technologies.
the climate scenarios and parameters from international think tanks and research bodies are often calibrated at levels of granularity which may not fully reflect local market dynamics and constraints.
the data used for scenario analysis such as company-level emissions, business activity and transition plans, as well as government intervention measures, are often unavailable or are reported inconsistently.
we remain committed to keeping abreast of developments in this area and continually enhancing our methodology in line with industry standards.
sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future climate action managing our environmental footprint as we strive to become a regional leader in sustainable finance, we must also ensure our operations are carried out in a sustainable way.
we must act now or risk the wellbeing of our stakeholders and the long-term viability of our business.
ocbc is committed to reducing the environmental footprint of our physical operations by reducing our consumption of energy, water, paper and other resources.
in 2022, we met our target of achieving carbon neutrality for ocbc's banking operational emissions through a suite of environmental initiatives to increase energy efficiency and reduce consumption.
we adopt a multi-pronged strategy to achieve and maintain operational carbon neutrality.
this involves prioritising the deployment of sustainable technologies and solutions to optimise the system efficiency of our buildings.
we also harness renewable energy to power our operations where feasible.
lastly, to bridge the last mile gap towards carbon neutrality, we will pilot innovations in our group-owned properties and support credible carbon removal projects.
our journey to achieving and maintaining operational carbon neutrality in 2021, we launched project race-to-zero with the objective of achieving carbon neutrality in our operational emissions for 2022. this was successfully achieved this year through implementing key carbon reduction measures such as building and space optimisation, and adopting innovative cooling technologies.
for the residual and hard-to-abate operational emissions, we supported carbon offset projects that reduce emissions, develop infrastructure and create jobs for the community.
in 2022, we have also committed to investing more than singapore dollar25 million to reduce our carbon footprint in singapore, malaysia and greater china.
the investments will fund enhancements to solar energy systems within our own operations and the adoption of renewables.
in the same year, portfolio-wide energy audits were performed for 13 of our major buildings in singapore, malaysia, mainland china, hong kong and macau.
recommendations from the energy audits are progressively being implemented to optimise our energy consumption, including maximising opportunities to harness renewables to power our operations.
where feasible, solar panels will be installed at all our bank-owned buildings.
we will also prioritise securing renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates to acquire zero-carbon renewable energy to power our operations in the regions where they are available.
according to the nzba guidelines, offsets can play a role to supplement decarbonisation in line with climate science.
the reliance on carbon offsetting for achieving net zero should be restricted to residual emissions where there are limited technologically or financially viable alternatives.
as ocbc continues to invest in efforts to reduce our emissions, we will also compensate for our un-abatable residual emissions.
we strive to support credible and meaningful carbon removal projects to offset our yearly residual carbon emissions.
a stringent set of criteria has been established to ensure credible abatement of carbon emissions that will result in improvements to the local community where the projects are situated.
for 2022, we had procured carbon offsets from two projects, a natural gas project in singapore and windfarm project in ningxia, china.
not only do the projects provide carbon abatement but new jobs are generated and infrastructure is put in place that will enhance the livelihoods of the local community.
building system and energy efficiency the majority of ocbc's operational emissions is contributed by bank-owned buildings housing our business operations.
continuous efforts to optimise the operations of our buildings, including retrofitting existing air conditioning systems, replacing these with more energy-efficient equipment and augmenting new solutions to enhance building energy efficiency, is fundamental to our decarbonisation journey.
energy audits will be conducted regularly to ascertain our buildings' energy performance and guide additional optimisation of our building performance.
we are also progressively deploying solar panels at several of our buildings, particularly ocbc tampines one and ocbc tampines two in singapore; ocbc tower in shanghai; menara ocbc in malaysia and in five other malaysian branches i.e. taiping, ipoh, kuantan, klang and seremban . these solar panels will collectively generate up to 380,000 kilowatt-hour energy per year to power our operations.
while investing in retrofitting building technology and optimising building energy management form the base of ocbc's decarbonisation of our operational emissions, we are committed to seeking further abatement through test-bedding and scaling up the deployment of proven innovation.
passive heat removal implementation at ocbc's regional data centre contributing to around 40% of the bank's emissions in singapore, the ocbc regional data centre is an integral factor in our achievement of operational carbon neutrality in 2022. by the first quarter of 2023, the data centre will also see the installation of a new rack-based cooling system, reducing the data centre's energy usage by as much as 80% monthly.
through this technology, cooling needs are directed towards smaller and targeted spaces around the server racks.
energy that is conventionally required to cool the room that houses the server racks is effectively reduced.
“together with this initiative and further optimisation of how we consume energy at our regional data centre, we aspire to achieve a power utilisation efficiency power utilization efficiency of 1.21” – tan yong teck, vice president, group technology services technology command centre power utilization efficiency = total power supplied to building / total power consumed by it equipment 1 based on the net-zero banking alliance faq document last updated 14 october 2022. sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future climate action this year, we initiated the implementation of a rack-based cooling system at our regional data centre which will direct cooling from the room to the server racks.
we also installed filters that will enhance the characteristics of the indoor air at the molecular level, thereby improving the heat exchange efficiency of our existing air conditioning system.
another innovative decarbonisation solution, leveraging the internet of things iot to optimise air conditioning systems, is currently being piloted.
this emerging technology utilises historical data, real-time data collected and machine learning to achieve a holistic system efficiency improvement and allow our heating, ventilation and air conditioning hvac systems to always work at peak efficiency.
this is part of our commitment to encourage and enable the adoption of evs by providing charging facilities at major group-owned commercial buildings by 2025. raising circular economy awareness as part of our initiatives to raise awareness among employees of the importance of waste minimisation and upcycling, ocbc has partnered with chopvalue sg to upcycle used chopsticks from our key buildings into sustainably-made home decorations and furniture.
the collaboration will provide a new lease of life to what would normally be discarded waste while generating awareness among our employees of the importance of the circular economy.
green building certifications we believe green buildings are beneficial to the environment and our workforce.
green buildings are resource-efficient and environmentally responsible throughout the buildings' life cycle.
in addition to reducing our environmental impact, green buildings focus on ensuring that occupants' wellbeing and comfort is supported by a good-quality indoor environment, improving our employees' work productivity and health.
to demonstrate the operating efficiency of our properties and premises, green building ratings and certifications such as the singapore building and construction authority bca green mark scheme can be used to benchmark and improve the environmental footprint of our operations in singapore.
the project will connect ocbc tampines centre two's air conditioning system to a brownfield district cooling network at the tampines town centre, along with seven other participating buildings in the district.
the consolidation of the cooling load connected in this network will help the town centre reduce carbon emissions by 1,359 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste annually, equivalent to removing 1,236 cars from the roads.
the project is scheduled to be completed and operational in the first half of 2025. awards steward leadership 25 sl25 list at the steward leadership summit in recognition of our efforts to drive the green movement bca green mark certification awarded to ocbc campus bca green mark platinum awarded to ocbc amk hub branch and ocbc jurong point branch bca green mark healthier workplace awarded to bank of singapore office at bank of singapore centre awarded to bank of singapore office at ocbc tampines one ocbc sustainability report 2022 20 sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future climate action sustainable food production through an urban hydroponic farm in line with singapore's "30 by 30" goal 1 of strengthening food resilience, ocbc constructed an employee-run hydroponic farm atop the ocbc centre carpark – the first community urban farm in the central business district.
through a hydroponic system, the farm consumes significantly less water compared to conventional farming, as a recirculating system has been installed in which the nutrient solution is pumped from a reservoir to the plant's roots with the excess solution drained back to the same reservoir.
this allows the solution to be reused and recirculated through pipes.
solar energy will also be utilized to power the hydroponic system and charge the backup battery for night use.
1 the singapore "30 by 30" goal was announced in 2019 to raise singapore's ambition for local food production and enhance the resilience of singapore's food supply.
the "30 by 30" goal is defined as meeting 30% of our nutritional needs locally by 2030. this goal complements other strategies such as diversifying singapore's food imports, facilitating local companies to grow overseas and stockpiling food items.
our performance emissions 1 2 8 table: emissions data tonnes co₂e category: total emissions, 2022: 61,618, 2021 8 : 65,373, 2020: – category: scope 1, 2022: 160, 2021 8 : 237, 2020: – category: scope 2, 2022: 59,941, 2021 8 : 63,496, 2020: 66,470 category: scope 3, 2022: 1,517, 2021 8 : 278, 2020: – table end.
emission intensity ratios table: emission intensity ratios category: scope 2 tonnes co₂e/sq ft 8 , 2022: 0.011, 2021: –, 2020: – table end.
water table: water consumption data cubic meters category: total water consumption 9 , 2022: 400,322, 2021: 407,051, 2020: 507,510 category: water intensity, 2022: 0.10, 2021: 0.08, 2020: 0.09 table end.
waste table: waste data total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste category: general waste, 2022: 1,229, 2021: –, 2020: – category: recycled waste 10 , 2022: 163, 2021: –, 2020: – category: office paper 11 , 2022: 369, 2021: 379, 2020: 445 table end.
1 our approach to carbon emissions is aligned to the greenhouse gas protocol standards, using the operational control approach to determine carbon emissions boundaries.
the environmental data covers all our operations in singapore, malaysia, bank ocbc nisp in indonesia and ocbc wing hang china, hong kong and macau unless otherwise stated.
2 emission factors used to calculate carbon emissions are derived from, or in reference to, the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc emission factor database.
3 we expanded our carbon inventory in 2021 to include scope 1 emissions as well as scope 3 carbon emissions that are material to our operations.
we do not provide scope 1 and 3 emission data for previous years as the data is not available.
4 scope 1 carbon emissions include direct carbon emissions from backup diesel generators on ocbc premises and carbon emissions from petrol consumption by corporate cars.
energy consumption from these non-renewable sources of fuel amounted to approximately 2,210 gigajoules in 2022. 5 scope 2 carbon emissions refer to purchased electricity.
ocbc reports scope 2 carbon emissions using the location-based approach.
emission factor source: energy market authority of singapore, greentech malaysia, institute of global environment strategies iges – iges grid emission factors, hk electric, clp power hong kong limited, companhia de electricidade de macau and indonesia’s directorate general of electricity.
6 energy consumption from electricity consumption, backup diesel generators on ocbc premises and petrol consumption by corporate cars amounted to approximately 401,049 gigajoules in 2022. 7 scope 3 carbon emissions include business air travel which covers singapore entities including ocbc, ocbc securities pte ltd, ocbc property services pte ltd and bank of singapore.
emission factors are derived from, or in reference to, the united kingdom department for environment food and rural affairs defra . 8 2021 and 2020 data for electricity and scope 2 emissions has been restated due to data refinement.
9 all of our water use is withdrawn from the municipal water supply, consumed within our operations and discharged to the public sewerage system.
the quality of water withdrawn and discharged is managed by the public utility provider.
we recognise that ocbc operates in countries that may be water-stressed including singapore and will therefore continue to do our part to promote water conservation.
10 recycled waste accounts for 34.8 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of recycled electronic waste from singapore entities including ocbc, ocbc securities pte ltd, ocbc property services pte ltd and bank of singapore, as well as ocbc wing hang china, hong kong and macau . 11 our paper usage data accounts for paper used within the group offices for business operations.
in 2022, the scope expanded to include an additional 38 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste from remote offices & branches outside kuala lumpur, which were not tracked in 2021. paper reduction is 12% relative to 2021 usage if excluding this additional 38 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste.
our targets maintain carbon neutrality for ocbc’s banking operational emissions in 2023 provide electric vehicle charging facilities to other major group-owned commercial buildings by 2025 bank of singapore to achieve bca green mark healthier workplace award for all new offices in 2023 all ocbc bank branches to receive bca green mark awards by 2030 achieve 3% reduction from 2022’s office paper usage within the group offices for business operations in 2023 sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future responsible financing why this is material to us climate change and sustainable development are increasingly pressing agendas for financial institutions and the economies we support, presenting both risks as well as opportunities for the banking industry.
against this backdrop, we must continue to ensure we effectively manage the evolving environmental, social and governance esg risks arising from and impacting our business activities.
we recognise the impact that our financing activities have on the environment and society.
we are also cognisant that climate change poses various physical and transition risks to our clients and the bank's portfolio.
as such, we aim to prudently manage the risks involved and commit to supporting our clients in their transition to a low-carbon economy in line with the paris agreement.
doing so is not only socially responsible but the most effective way to reduce the bank's exposure to climate-related risks and safeguard the long-term value of our clients' assets.
our exclusion list lays out the activities we will not finance.
we have integrated climate risk management into our responsible financing framework and policies, recognising that environmental issues such as climate change could adversely affect our clients through climate-related transition and physical risks.
in addition to assessing clients' actions on esg issues such as pollution, labour and communities, we will progressively expand the scope of assessment to identify the climate-related risks they are potentially exposed to, and their capacity to manage them.
through these prohibitions, our exposures to cfpps and thermal coal mines are being phased out over time.
in 2022, we conducted a pilot to review our esg risk assessment process to incorporate climate-related considerations.
there was no escalation in 2022. details of our responsible financing framework and policies, including sector-specific policies on agriculture & forestry, chemicals, energy, infrastructure, mining & metals and waste management, the exclusion list and our esg risk assessment process are available on our website.
our performance enhanced energy policy: to prohibit new financing or refinancing to clients where more than 50% of their total power generation capacity or revenue comes from coal-fired power plants.
142 sustainability programmes across the group were offered to employees which saw more than 25,000 completions.
our target strengthen esg policies and procedures to support climate risk management.
sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future responsible financing the equator principles are an environmental and social risk management framework that ensures project-related financing is developed in an environmentally and socially responsible manner.
the following table provides a breakdown of the projects which were assessed and categorized in line with the equator principles’ requirements: table: transactions completed under the scope of the equator principles in fy 2022 1 according to the equator principles 2020 , category a projects are those with potential significant adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are diverse, irreversible or unprecedented.
category b projects are those with potential limited adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are few in number, generally site specific, largely reversible and readily addressed through mitigation measures.
category c projects are those with minimal or no adverse environmental and social risks and/or impact.
ocbc is also a core member of the working group led by the association of banks in singapore abs to develop an environmental risk questionnaire and guide for the industry to assess and engage with clients on climate-related risks.
in 2022, we participated in a pilot study to identify the implications of the taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures tnfd beta framework on clients in the palm oil sector.
we will continue to develop and build our understanding on nature-related issues while participating in such industry-led initiatives.
together with abs, we supported capacity building through the development of the e-courses curriculum conducted by the asia sustainable finance initiative asfi academy.
ocbc sustainability report 2022 23 sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future sustainable financing and investing why this is material to us climate action requires immediate action from multiple parties.
the role financial institutions play in funding the low-carbon transition becomes increasingly important to supporting this global agenda.
being a regional leader in responsible banking, we set out an objective to tap into this opportunity and fulfil the demand for sustainable investment products.
our management approach underpinned by our goal to become a leader in sustainable finance in asia, we offer a range of sustainable banking products and services to encourage our network of international clients to develop a sustainable future.
this office champions the bank's efforts to collaborate with like-minded customers by expanding our suite of bespoke sustainable financing solutions.
this is how we are contributing to singapore's ambition to become a regional sustainable finance hub.
signing on to the net-zero banking alliance nzba reinforces ocbc's commitment towards a net-zero economy.
to fulfil these commitments, we have begun developing a strategy to achieve net zero by 2050, with an interim target for 2030. we have embarked on a study to develop our baseline emissions of our clients in priority sectors, which will in turn enable us to set decarbonisation strategies to reduce the bank's financed emissions.
we aim to unveil our sectoral financed emissions targets and broad transition plans for priority sectors by the first half of 2023. on the investments front, we make it our priority to understand our clients' individual goals, needs and preferences.
with this philosophy, we continue being a trusted advisor who enables clients to achieve their financial goals and aspirations to create a more sustainable future.
such zero capital expenditure contracts remove the burden on the building owners to switch to more eco-friendly and cost-effective solar energy.
early adopters will have greater visibility over their utility expenses based on the contracted, fixed rate per unit of electricity purchased, which is attractive against the current background of escalating energy prices.
through this programme, the bank aims to educate customers on the various solar adoption models and help power more businesses with clean solar energy.
one of our sme customers tapped on the programme to undertake such solar projects in the western region of singapore.
the loan supported the installation of more than 6,000 square meters of solar roof space producing close to 1,300 kilowatt-peak power.
against the support of enterprise singapore's green financing scheme, the solar financing programme removes the complexity of project financing and allows smaller solar providers to embark on capital-intensive solar projects to catalyse the transition towards a greener economy.
our performance ocbc singapore dollar10 billion of new sustainable financing offered in 2022 90 green and sustainability-linked loans offered in 2022 50 green and sustainability advisory roles in 2022 ocbc singapore singapore dollar51 million in esg bonds and singapore dollar77 million in sustainability-linked structured deposits taken up by retail customers in singapore singapore dollar154 million in sustainability-themed products taken up by corporate clients, including sustainability-linked structured deposits, credit-linked notes, sustainability-linked interest rate swaps, green bonds and sustainability-linked bonds 62 tranches of sustainability-linked structured deposits offered, including 33 in malaysia 2 credit-linked notes and 1 sustainability-linked interest rate swap offered 28 esg-themed webinars conducted for clients singapore dollar2.87 billion in eco-care loans booked in 2022, which is 4x the volume in 2021 100% of employees in the gcfs division from singapore and malaysia completed ocbc-amundi esg training series: responsible investments 81% of gcfs' recommended funds have a minimum 'bb' msci esg rating in 2022 sustainability pillar 1: build a low-carbon future sustainable financing and investing sustainable investing at bank of singapore sustainability has become a strategic priority at bank of singapore bos . as a result, sustainability considerations have been increasingly embedded in our investment processes with the objective of guiding more esg-conscious investment decisions.
due to the growing environmental risks, we have established a governance framework to effectively manage sustainable investing related matters within our discretionary portfolio management dpm services.
their primary role is to make the most important decisions in relation to the sustainability agenda including, but not limited to, environmental risk management.
in addition to the shades of green funds framework rolled out the previous year, we expanded our fund offerings to offer our clients exposure to a greater range of sustainability funds across the various sustainability themes, including food scarcity, water and climate change.
guided by a highly focused approach, we include investments in sustainability megatrends across social and environmental issues, such as climate change, biodiversity loss and resource scarcity.
one example is the monitoring of climate-related data on the overall dpm investment portfolio as part of the dpm risk management process.
we are proud to have published our first ever interactive esg publication, "climate action on the agenda", highlighting key trends in sustainable investing and sharing our views on the path ahead.
this allows our customers to make informed investment decisions while building their wealth with ocbc.
esg capacity building in 2022, we launched the ocbc-amundi esg training series to provide a curated introductory awareness training for all our employees to avoid the risk of greenwashing in product development, marketing and advisory.
100% of our global consumer financial services gcfs employees from the singapore and malaysia offices completed the ocbc-amundi esg training series.
this training will also equip them with knowledge on sustainable investing and esg ratings, and hone their skills in having meaningful conversations with clients on the topic of esg to address their growing investment needs for sustainable products and solutions.
acknowledging the role of our leadership team in driving our sustainability agenda, we organised sharing sessions for the gcfs core leadership team to keep them updated about esg-related matters such as industry and regulatory developments as well as key esg insights.
this enables them to better shape the esg vision and strategy within their respective departments.
the treasury research and strategy team within our global treasury department also participated in two sustainability-themed seminars in 2022 to facilitate internal and external engagement on sustainability-related issues.
our performance united states dollar440.25 million in client aum for sustainability or esg-themed products, covering funds, dpm world esg equity mandate and dpm customised mandates tracking the world esg equity mandate 10 esg-thematic funds and dpm world esg equity mandate offered 890 training hours of training per employee received by 361 relationship managers on the topic of sustainability 10 sustainability-themed events conducted for clients, covering topics such as climate resilience, impact investing and global hunger elimination 81% of bos' recommended funds have a minimum 'bb' msci esg rating in 2022 13 esg-themed research pieces published first private bank to become a signatory to the singapore stewardship principles co-chaired an abs taskforce that led to the publication of a first-of-its-kind sustainable investment guidelines for private banks part of a private banking industry group pbig taskforce focusing on esg competency standards for the private banking industry our targets ocbc grow our sustainable financing portfolio to singapore dollar50 billion by 2025 bos include and enhance climate metrics for increased transparency in discretionary portfolio management's dpm disclosure statement introduce esg investment exclusions for discretionary portfolio management's dpm esg-aligned portfolio a simplified visual representation of the un sustainable development goals relevant to the report.
at the msci dialogue session held during the event, industry developments within the esg space were shared to update the teams on relevant trends and catalytic events that are likely to affect the market.
in addition, we launched a page dedicated to sustainability within the ocbc website to communicate our sustainability efforts to external stakeholders.
the page features ocbc's product offerings and solutions across "invest, borrow & live" to enable our customers to go green with the bank in all areas of their lives.
high engagement at the ocbc business banking booth at the singapore sme conference following the delivery of the expert insight paper, 'climate action: smes hold the key', by ar.
we strive to raise awareness among our corporate clients to encourage them to embrace sustainability in their business.
ocbc partnered enterprise singapore enterprisesg for the sme conference in singapore, providing a platform for us to share our sme customer stories and inspiring the audience to map their own sustainability objectives, while raising awareness of the role of ocbc in enabling the transition for smes.
the audience were engaged on the ocbc sustainable loans and trade finance framework for smes, how ocbc works with strategic partners to provide sector knowledge, sustainability tools and platforms to our customers.
sustainability-linked loan with dyna-mac upholding our commitment to helping businesses do well and do good, ocbc delivered its first sustainability-linked loan sll to dyna-mac engineering services.
the sll was structured in collaboration with global compact network singapore gcns using its carbon and emissions recording tool which was developed for smes to set their scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas baseline emissions.
together with a third-party auditor, we verify the company's 1.5°c aligned sustainability performance targets, aimed at reducing the company's scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity by 25% in five years.
ocbc helped dyna-mac to develop a plan to achieve its sustainability goals, such as electrification of blasting and painting chambers, using renewable energy sources to supplement their power needs.
jointly organised by sme centres and supported by enterprisesg, the sme centre conference is an annual event that aims to address challenges faced by smes.
it brings together thought leaders and industry experts to share their experiences and provide actionable insights for businesses.
this framework was developed to create a platform for the issuance of bonds and loans granted on achieving specific social benefit outcomes and the un sdgs.
sustainability-linked trade finance with sorin corporation singapore scope 3 emissions are often the largest source of the carbon footprint of commodity trading companies like sorin.
demonstrating ocbc's and sorin's commitment to driving a responsible supply chain, sorin completed a united states dollar50 million bilateral sustainability-linked trade finance deal with ocbc.
to address the carbon emissions embedded in the zinc product that sorin distributes on behalf of its parent company, the interest margin will also be linked to the annual greenhouse gas emission reduction target of the refinery supplying the zinc.
this reinforces the bank's strategy of innovating and supporting diversified industries on their esg journeys.
the bank acted as the sole lender and sustainability advisor to kerry logistics network kln , the largest international logistics company listed on the hong kong stock exchange hkex . by achieving predetermined esg targets, including reduction in energy consumption intensity and water consumption intensity, kln will be incentivized with interest savings for their hong kong dollar980 million loan equivalent to singapore dollar165 million . delivering on our un sdgs affordable and clean energy sdg 7 industry, innovation and infrastructure sdg 9 sustainable cities and communities sdg 11 climate action sdg 13 sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society driving socio-economic initiatives to promote diversity, equity, inclusion and wellbeing for our customers, employees, communities and wider society.
sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society financial inclusion why this is material to us uplifting individuals and businesses across various levels of society through building financial resilience is in line with the bank's strategy to achieve a sustainable future for all.
as such, it is imperative that innovative and accessible financial products and services be delivered that support the needs of society, leaving no one behind.
our management approach our ongoing commitment to financial inclusion is supported by a holistic strategy which involves servicing our customers ‘from the cradle to the grave’ and addressing the needs of retail and commercial customers at different stages of growth.
we are continuously developing and offering new products and services as well as adapting our business to fulfil the diverse needs of society.
to help meet the evolving financial goals of our retail customers as they progress through different life stages, ocbc has extended a suite of tailored products and programmes catering to all age groups.
this includes serving families with young children with our child development accounts and ocbc mighty savers account, youths through frank student loans, working adults with advisory tools such as ocbc life goals, and the elderly through the ocbc digital silvers programme.
short-term working capital to better serve the operating needs of smes, we have collaborated with e-procurement platforms regionally to innovate new solutions and deliver digital invoice financing for sme suppliers enabled by trade data without the need for submission of invoices for loan drawdowns.
with more sme suppliers moving their businesses onto digital trade platforms, time-sensitive financing helps them trade securely and expand internationally quickly, with improved transparency to reduce delays in shipments and payments.
as of december 2022, we have successfully delivered green loans of over singapore dollar3 billion to more than 600 businesses regionally.
workplace banking for sme employees in indonesia the newly enhanced workplace banking wpb proposition creates an employee-employer ecosystem, where all employees of our sme customers are offered attractive salary crediting account packages that include banking and insurance benefits.
wpb addresses common challenges faced by smes when dealing with operational activities e.grams. manual payroll processes and human resource issues by leveraging our seamless human resource platform hira and great eastern life indonesia.
this allows business leaders to focus on value-adding activities for their companies.
sme business owners are also able to automate their payroll processes by paying salaries digitally via velocity@ ocbcnisp, instead of in cash.
to date, more than 1,200 entrepreneurs have benefited from wpb, strengthening their employer-employee relationships and improving employee retention.
supporting activewear brand, kydra, with invoice financing to power growth and eliminate cash flow problems with an increasing focus on personal health and wellbeing, kydra, a local activewear brand, thrived, with a turnover in the millions.
this allows kydra to unlock valuable capital tied up in unpaid invoices and improve its business cash flow.
1 market share in child development accounts in singapore in 2023 awards best sme bank in asia-pacific 2023 awarded at global finance's sme bank awards asean sme bank of the year 2023 awarded at the asian banking and finance retail banking awards sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society employee health, safety and wellbeing why this is material to us we consider our employees our most valuable asset.
we prioritize their health, safety and wellbeing as they contribute to our employees achieving job satisfaction as well as enhancing workforce productivity, which is critical to our business performance.
as such, we believe it is crucial to provide employees with the necessary support required for both their physical and mental wellbeing.
in a time of unprecedented change, ocbc remains steadfast in delivering a connected employee experience in a hybrid working world while being driven by purpose, responsibility and accountability.
our management approach we offer extensive wellness support to all employees and develop robust policies to keep our employees motivated in executing their daily responsibilities.
in addition, there are investments in initiatives and programmes to promote their wellbeing both during and outside work hours of training per employee.
we will continually validate the effectiveness of our framework, policies and programmes to ensure that they improve our employees’ health, safety and wellbeing.
new initiatives and ongoing efforts mywellness fiesta 2022 we organised a virtual wellness experience for our employees over the course of two weeks to promote employee engagement and wellbeing.
for this year’s programme, we built upon feedback collected from last year’s fiesta.
through an online platform, employees could ‘travel’ to six destinations to explore various wellbeing activities, and attend any of our 30 live talks and classes revolving around the themes of wellness — mental, physical, social and financial wellness.
this programme also gave employees the opportunity to socialise and network with 31,000 colleagues across 19 locations through interactive games, fostering a cohesive work environment.
mywellness talks we regularly organise thematic wellness talks conducted by experienced counsellors and trainers, including our global employee assistance programme eap provider and medical panel provider.
a total of 12,670 employees 1 participated in our 35 wellness talks which included live talks and on-demand sessions.
these talks were guided by our wellness training roadmap, drew reference from the “playbook on workplace mental wellbeing” issued by the ministry of manpower mom , institute for human resource professionals ihrp , and tripartite alliance for workplace safety and health, and revolved around the following themes: from tired to inspired: keeping engaged and preventing burnout; work life balance; mindfulness / impacting others; and health and self awareness.
based on feedback obtained, 87% of the participants agreed or strongly agreed that these talks have met their stated objectives.
transforming work arrangements at the beginning of the pandemic, to manage the sudden transition to remote working, ocbc adopted collaborative technology to ensure employees remained connected and engaged.
as we transition to the endemic phase, we continue to adopt a hybrid working model to provide our employees with greater workplace flexibility to better manage their work and personal lives.
nevertheless, as employees gradually return to the workplace, we continue to assess the working environment and strengthen the needed infrastructure to provide employees with a safe workplace.
we also continue to improve our future pandemic preparedness and response procedures to facilitate a smooth transition to remote working for the benefit of our employees’ health should the situation require.
liferefresh@ocbc liferefresh@ocbc is a lifelong learning programme offering holistic support in career planning, financial planning and mental and physical wellness to employees aged 40 years and above to prepare them to be progressive and future ready.
this includes: invest in yourself: this session aimed at raising awareness of the need to identify and build strengths and vitamin ‘e’ levels, as well as master skills to build social connections and networks to prepare for life after 40, including a second career and retirement.
empowering mental health: this session highlighted the lifestyles of the happiest, healthiest and oldest people around the world, explored employees’ individual capacities and improvement methods, and encouraged them to discover their life priorities as they progress through different phases of life.
empowering physical health: this session provided employees with hands-on training, including brain enhancement exercises, interactive games and a visit to a fitness gym.
our performance 32,000 instances of participation across ocbc group in our wellness programmes as well as voluntary health promotion services and programmes our target implement our existing key employee wellness and sustainability initiatives on a groupwide basis 1 an employee may participate in multiple talks.
sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society employee health, safety and wellbeing employee assistance programme eap / employee resource group erg – first-time parents erg in 2014, we launched our employee resource group erg , an internal support group that connects employees with similar backgrounds or experiences to provide practical advice and encouragement in a safe and supportive environment.
to date, we have four ergs for first-time parents ongoing , parents with teens ongoing , single parents, and for parents of children with special needs.
our ergs are conducted by an experienced and trained external parenting coach who provides advice, conducts discussions and facilitates mentoring sessions.
this helps improve employees’ emotional and mental wellbeing and equip them with skills and resources to better manage their children’s needs, and influence healthy development throughout childhood and into adulthood.
complimentary onsite health screening ocbc is committed to prioritizing the wellbeing of employees as they are critical to achieving sustainable organizational growth.
our global consumer financial services gcfs organizational effectiveness team organized a complimentary onsite health screening.
the information obtained from this visit was aggregated into a corporate health report which highlighted any areas of concern that gcfs can focus on to further improve employee wellbeing.
mywellness fiesta 2022 from 17 october to 4 november 2022, group human resources ghr organized a virtual wellness experience for our employees to boost employee engagement and wellbeing.
through a personalized experience infused with gamification elements such as customizable avatars and mywellness passports, participants were invited to visit six virtual destinations, including the bamboo grove and nigerian rainforest miracle, which each offered a variety of exciting activities.
the engagement activities this year were well-received, with colleagues enjoying games such as catch the food, wordle and scavenger hunt.
to bring employees closer together on a virtual platform, we integrated more personalized game elements, such as a mywellness leaderboard where the top 1,000 winners won attractive prizes.
by organizing this online, our employees could socialize and network with over 31,000 colleagues across 19 locations.
besides games, we also organized talks and classes on subjects surrounding health and wellbeing.
subjects ranged from "peer counselling 101" to "kpopx fitness" to "a guide to good night's sleep".
concurrently, we established a dedicated workplace options booth emphasizing the significance of mental wellbeing and providing solutions to both employees and their loved ones.
employee health & wellness programmes table: employee health & wellness programme participation 2022 category: participants of wellness programmes, number of participants: 32,751 category: wellness programmes rolled out, number of participants: 5 category: voluntary health promotion services, number of participants: 35 table end.
1 these exclude participants of the eap, erg, and liferefresh@ocbc programmes.
2 the types of voluntary health promotion services and programmes offered to employees to address major non-work-related health risks include stroke - early detection of symptoms and medical treatments, fatty liver risks and staying heart healthy in the post-covid era.
work-related injuries and ill health table: work-related injuries and ill health 2022 category: recordable work-related injuries, number: 7 category: recordable work-related ill health, number: 0 category: fatalities as a result of work-related injuries, number: 0 table end.
sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society diversity, equity and inclusion why this is material to us embracing diversity, equity and inclusion within ocbc matters to our people and is crucial to ensuring our long-term success.
we believe that having diverse teams gives us a broader and richer perspective to better understand and address the varying and nuanced needs of the clients and communities we serve.
it also fosters innovation and creativity.
by building an inclusive culture, treating our people fairly and providing equal opportunities for all, we empower our people to realize their full potential and harness strength in diversity.
this forms a strong foundation to steward diversity and inclusion within our workforce.
we also provide formal channels for employees to share constructive comments on how we can further enhance diversity and inclusion at ocbc, while encouraging real-time feedback.
new initiatives and ongoing efforts international women's day activities during the groupwide international women's day celebrations, ocbc-bos women in tech network 1 and bos women's network 2 supported by group human resources conducted various activities and programmes promoting inclusivity and breaking biases at the workplace.
to encourage women to join the technology sector, one session involved young female talents sharing their journey of transitioning from students to full-time technology professionals.
to offer continued support and advice to women in tech, various sessions were organized throughout the year, such as: i am remarkable: a global initiative that empowers women and other underrepresented groups to celebrate their achievements in the workplace and beyond while learning the importance of self-promotion both personally and professionally.
ladies who tech: a keynote session where speakers share how, in their respective industries and fields of work, they broke biases and debunked workplace gender myths.
discussions on inclusivity in the workplace were also held during the event.
gender inclusive job description jd writing guides as ocbc seeks to promote an inclusive workforce, we created a guidance document to help our human resource specialists write better job advertisements to attract the right talents.
an emphasis was placed on using gender-inclusive language to avoid gender biases and encourage all interested candidates to apply, regardless of gender.
we drew on industry best practices, creating structured templates and gender-inclusive examples for each section, which included “why the job matters”, “how to succeed in the role” and “what tasks are to be completed”.
creating an inclusive culture at the workplace we conducted a 7-hour workshop on developing a global mindset and working more inclusively with stakeholders and colleagues in the workplace.
we also delivered hundreds of micro e-learning courses to help individuals and teams embrace and respect their differences so as to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment.
our performance maintained a balanced gender ratio, with 43% male and 57% female employees 40% of leadership positions were filled by women 3 our targets achieve 42% of leadership positions to be filled by women by 2025 maintain a balanced gender mix across our workforce notes: 1. bos women in tech network focuses on hiring and empowering women to increase female representation in technology.
2. bos women's network is set up for women to explore unique challenges that businesswomen face and gain insights from business leaders.
3. over the last two years, the leadership positions filled by women grew by 1% to 40%.
we will continue to reinforce an inclusive, supportive and nurturing organizational culture to grow and achieve 42% of leadership positions to be filled by women by 2025. sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society diversity, equity and inclusion multigenerational workforce mother: cindy ng, group human resources, ocbc bank son: poh hong yi, group finance, ocbc bank ocbc is an equal-opportunity employer.
we embrace a diverse and inclusive workforce as we believe our success is dependent on the strength of our people.
we are also strong advocates of a multigenerational workforce.
cindy ng is a long-time member of the ocbc family, starting when she found her place in group human resources 38 years ago.
over the years, she has managed the employee share purchase plan espp , the polytechnic internship programme, staff loan applications and our leave system.
while preparing to enrol in university, hong yi was awarded the ocbc scholarship bond-free in 2019. post-graduation, hong yi decided to return to ocbc as a graduate talent, despite having the opportunity to explore other career options.
"nurture and support", explains the mother-and-son team when asked what kept them loyal with ocbc.
this was evident when cindy battled a serious illness for a year – her team made arrangements to accommodate her prolonged leave, encouraging her to rest until fully recovered.
while someone was temporarily engaged to fill in for cindy, her team frequently checked in on her health and provided moral support throughout her recovery.
the support from ocbc left a lasting impression on cindy and hong yi; they naturally developed a sense of belonging within our community, making ocbc the perfect choice to pursue their career journeys.
1 statistics include permanent and contract staff at ocbc group.
6 this comprises permanent male staff 42% , permanent female staff 56% , male contract staff <1% and female contract staff 1% . sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society diversity, equity and inclusion workforce by age group permanent and contract staff 1 year: 2022 2 , <30: 19%, 30-49: 67%, ≥50: 14% year: 2021 3 , <30: 21%, 30-49: 66%, ≥50: 13% year: 2020 4 , <30: 23%, 30-49: 65%, ≥50: 12% table end.
employee category by gender permanent and contract staff 1 employee category: vp and above, 2022 2 male / female : 8% / 7%, 2021 3 male / female : 8% / 6%, 2020 4 male / female : 7% / 6% employee category: avp and management associates, 2022 2 male / female : 13% / 14%, 2021 3 male / female : 12% / 13%, 2020 4 male / female : 11% / 12% employee category: managers and associates, 2022 2 male / female : 19% / 29%, 2021 3 male / female : 19% / 30%, 2020 4 male / female : 19% / 30% employee category: non-executives, 2022 2 male / female : 3% / 7%, 2021 3 male / female : 4% / 9%, 2020 4 male / female : 4% / 9% table end.
representation of female leaders at management level in 2022 board diversity in 2022 7 new hire permanent staff only 1,5 year: 2022 2 , total: 7,325, gender male/female : 49%/51%, age group <30/30-49/≥50 : 41%/43%/16%, new hire rate: 24% 8 year: 2021 3 , total: 5,764, gender male/female : 50%/50%, new hire rate: 19% year: 2020 4 , total: 3,570, gender male/female : 50%/50%, new hire rate: 12% table end.
2 statistics include permanent and contract staff at ocbc group.
we believe that the strength of our workforce is key to our continued success.
in an ever-evolving, increasingly digital world wherein the face of work changes day by day, it is crucial that we continue to nurture our talent to ensure we remain future-ready.
engaging, energising, attracting and retaining the best talent ensures that the bank, our customers and communities flourish as our people flourish.
our management approach at ocbc, we see the best in each person and providing the best possible employee experience is at the core of what we do.
our emphasis remains on empowering our employees in multi-faceted aspects to help them achieve their development goals, while addressing evolving trends and expectations surrounding work-life balance and purpose-driven careers.
we are committed to nurturing a culture of lifelong learning that prioritises holistic growth, so that we can support our employees in the journey of realising their full potential in both their professional and personal lives.
to fulfil our aspiration to be a regional leader in responsible banking, we strive to continuously promote capacity building within our workforce by providing ample learning opportunities on sustainability to support the region's transition towards a greener and more sustainable future.
new initiatives and ongoing efforts building a talent ecosystem for talent attraction organisations across the globe are experiencing a talent crunch as businesses adapt to the various macroeconomic trends.
building a pipeline of talents is a top priority for us and, to help build talent in technology, we launched the ocbc ignite apprenticeship.
the one-year customised tech internship programme offers hands-on experience for tertiary students in our regional development centre, to grow their passion and expertise in the technology space.
it gives students ample time to deepen their understanding of the financial sector, develop industry-current tech skills and amass real-world work experience early, all of which will prepare them for the workplace upon graduation.
in 2022, we also launched stem@ocbc, a structured 24-week internship targeted at undergraduate students in the disciplines of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
the internship offers these young talents the opportunity to apply their data and technology skills in real-world banking projects.
additionally, outstanding graduates have continued to benefit from our graduate talent programme which has provided a steady stream of talent for the bank over the years.
innovative approaches that bridge learning and practice to support a high performing culture, our learning experiences are designed not only to engage but to allow simulated practice.
interactive theatre sessions pairing seasoned theatre actors with our employees allow explorations into crucial aspects of people management in a playful and safe environment.
immersive learning experiences are designed to create environments that simulate tough decision-making "for those who dare" , customer-centricity "changi - more than just an airport" , and business models and strategy "banking simulation"; "ocean park sustainability magnifier" . awards best bank for employee experience awarded by the digital banker at the global retail banking innovation awards 2022 ocbc wing hang china: best hr team, best hr expert centre, best hr business partner team awarded at the 2022 flag awards gold for employer awards 2022 awarded at the skillsfuture employer awards 2022 singapore employee experience of the year - banking awarded at the asian experience awards 2022 top 3 within the banking and financial services sector and overall 15th among singapore's 100 leading graduate employers 2022 awarded at the asian experience awards 2022 gold for best leadership development awarded at the engagerocket workplace of the year 2022 awards gold for programme excellence in blended learning category awarded by chief learning officer 2022 for our dare programme bronze for best unique or innovative leadership programme awarded by brandon hall 2022 for our dare programme 4 linkedin top company for career growth singapore by linkedin 2022 15 linkedin top company for career growth malaysia by linkedin 2022 delivering on our un sdgs ocbc sustainability report 2022 35 talent management strengthening the bank's workforce of the future through proactive upskilling being a strong learning organisation remains at the forefront of our efforts in sustaining growth and development.
with this in mind, ocbc has developed a unique learning agility profiling assessment, through which employees can assess their learning agility and identify steps they can take to be more agile.
this profiler was rolled out to 3,000 employees across the group in 2022, with a target for organisation-wide implementation in the coming years.
the bank continues its investments in deep-skilling our talents in critical core capabilities through certification pathways.
to date, we have 14 certification pathways and close to 4,000 group employees who are, or are in the process of being, certified.
eco-versity: certification programmes in partnership with eight renowned institutes of higher learning, including cambridge and imd, offering a range of esg topics across domains.
our employees are afforded global networking opportunities to build their own communities of practice.
sustainability learning series: in all, we offered a total of 142 sustainability initiatives which saw more than 25,000 completions and generated learning gains of 52%.
building sustainability culture from ground-up initiatives ocbc held its inaugural sustainability day, organised by the sustainability interest networking group sing comprising 30 colleagues across divisions.
the event aims to shape and foster a culture of sustainability within ocbc by generating awareness of how employees can collectively contribute to a sustainable future.
the event launched with a series of virtual talks, where the bank's sustainability champions and external guest speakers spoke on topics like a sustainable lifestyle as well as food and its environmental impact.
in partnership with 19 sustainability ecosystem partners, sing also held the sustainability bazaar at ocbc centre singapore, which featured sustainability-themed talks and fun-filled activities.
participants also sampled plant-based food, were introduced to some sustainability-themed products and learnt about eco-habits like waste management.
additionally, an upcycling workshop for our charity beneficiaries was held at the event.
ocbc sustainability day 2022: organised by a community of staff who are interested in promoting awareness of sustainability, the event included an afternoon bazaar showcasing various products and practices to help us lead a more sustainable life.
overall, our employees participated in over 20,000 sustainability activities, making it a fun and engaging way to cultivate and demonstrate sustainable practices in the daily lives of our employees.
designing your retirement life workshop this year, the global consumer financial services gcfs organisational effectiveness team introduced an in-house retirement planning workshop to provide employees with the basic financial and non-financial knowledge to plan for a successful retirement.
through discussions and self-assessment activities, our staff assessed and compared their current retirement readiness level against their desired level.
the workshop emphasised the need to bundle happiness, finance and health to achieve a happy, healthy and fulfilling retirement.
more than 80 employees across singapore and malaysia have benefited from this workshop.
in our attempt to empower our employees to take charge of their own career, the gcfs organisational effectiveness team also introduced an in-house career development workshop to equip employees with the knowledge and skills to craft their own professional development plan pdp . through a series of guided self-assessment activities, our employees gained better self-insight and learnt how to apply these insights to further develop their career.
the workshop also highlighted the need to leverage on talents and strengths to develop their own careers.
more than 100 employees across singapore and malaysia have benefited from this workshop and are now more equipped to develop themselves professionally and further their careers in ocbc.
our targets maintain employee engagement score within the kincentric best employer range in 2023 employee engagement survey results are expected to be published in 2024 support all employees in their career development, providing them with learning opportunities talent management leading from within employees are empowered to lead regardless of ranks and roles.
the shine leadership journey, the latest addition to our suite of 10 signature leadership development programmes, provides all aspiring leaders including individual contributors with a renewed sense of confidence and resilience to build positive relationships and create a sustainable impact for the organisation.
so that they can give their best, we take care of our leaders’ wellbeing too.
thrive leadership programme: thrive is a three-month immersive experience designed to foster personal accountability in embracing wellbeing.
sustaining a strong learning organisation through empowering learners: a strong learning organisation culture remains at the forefront of our efforts in sustaining growth and development.
with this in mind, ocbc has developed a unique ocbc learning agility profiling assessment, through which you can take a pulse.
this has been rolled out to 3,000 employees across the group, with a target for organisation-wide implementation in the coming years.
future smart future me: thrive leadership programme organised by ocbc campus, thrive is a holistic leadership initiative that aims to take our leaders through a 90-day wellness journey.
each leader was then supported by an accountability buddy through monthly meetups, where they can check in on one another's progress, refresh their learnings, delve deeper into their self-discovery, and celebrate their achievements.
mayda lim was one of the 20 participants who benefited from thrive.
reminiscing about her time with thrive, mayda was pleased to have gained applicable knowledge on resetting and re-energising her life.
prior to joining thrive, mayda recollected that she did not pay enough attention to herself and was often at the risk of burnout.
since joining thrive, she has learned to take charge of her growth to unleash her potential.
she was reminded of the simple yet practical techniques to achieve the best version of herself: to take short breaks every hour, exercise regularly, adopt regular and small meals and get seven to nine hours of training per employee of sleep nightly.
by applying these techniques, mayda noticed a boost in her energy levels that made her more productive at work and more relaxed at home.
she is now more positive, proactive and productive both at work and in her personal life.
through thrive, mayda has learned to live more purposefully.
after a journey of self-discovery, she is now feeling invigorated and at her best.
with her new motivated self, she intends to spread the positivity and share this culture of wellness with her team.
our performance achieved an average of 49.5 hours of training per employee of training and development for employees table: average training hours category: average training hours by gender category: male, 2022: 49.1, 2021: 44.6, 2020: 34.4 category: female, 2022: 49.9, 2021: 45.4, 2020: 33.5 category: total, 2022: 49.5, 2021: 45.1, 2020: 33.9 category: average training hours by employee category category: vp and above, 2022: 46.3, 2021: 45.9, 2020: 37.2 category: avp and management associates, 2022: 51.1, 2021: 49.2, 2020: 38.3 category: managers and associates, 2022: 48.7, 2021: 43.5, 2020: 32.4 category: non-executives, 2022: 54.4, 2021: 41.7, 2020: 28.5 category: average training hours by age group years old category: <30, 2022: 61.1, 2021: 52.6, 2020: 40.1 category: 30-49, 2022: 48.0, 2021: 43.7, 2020: 32.9 category: =50, 2022: 40.5, 2021: 40.3, 2020: 27.8 table end.
ensured employees had access to a wide variety of relevant training programmes, with employees completing an average of 36.1 training programmes in the year table: average training completions category: average training completions by gender category: male, 2022: 34.0 category: female, 2022: 37.7 category: total, 2022: 36.1 category: average training completions by employee category category: vp and above, 2022: 26.2 category: avp and management associates, 2022: 33.8 category: managers and associates, 2022: 41.0 category: non-executives, 2022: 34.2 category: average training completions by age group years old category: <30, 2022: 41.9 category: 30-49, 2022: 35.3 category: =50, 2022: 31.9 table end.
2 statistics include permanent staff at ocbc group.
5 average training completions refer to the average number of training programmes completed per employee, which we have started disclosing from 2022. delivering on our un sdgs sustainability pillar 2: create positive impact for society community development why this is material to us we recognise that the long-term prosperity of our business is inextricably linked to the wellbeing of the society around us.
as our way of giving back, in addition to providing high-quality financial services, we encourage our people to contribute to society and advance the quality of life in our communities.
we remain steadfast in our commitment to creating a sustainable future for individuals, families and society as a whole.
our management approach through our ocbccares programme, we support underserved communities in strategic areas across our core markets.
we seek to help these communities overcome emerging challenges and meet their needs by leveraging the group's resources and mobilising our workforce.
our community engagement programmes are anchored around four thematic areas, aligned with the group's sustainability strategy and our selected un sdgs: families: supporting cohesive and healthy family units; the elderly: meeting the health and social interaction needs of the ageing population; persons with special needs: encouraging social inclusion and acceptance; and environmental sustainability: promoting environmentally responsible behaviour and reducing carbon emissions as part of our climate strategy.
expanding our carbon storage efforts to reduce carbon dioxide in the atmosphere continued to be a priority in our efforts to help fight climate change.
as covid measures eased, we pivoted back to face-to-face volunteering.
new initiatives and ongoing efforts skills-based volunteering for lasting impact equipping individuals and families with skills such as digital and financial literacy as well as entrepreneurship and personal management mastery makes a bigger difference in helping them to succeed.
though it requires more planning and development work than one-off community engagement activities, our charity partners shared with us that skills-based volunteering generates greater and long-lasting impact.
we target to increase our number of skills-based volunteering projects by 30% year-on-year starting in 2022, to support our charity partners in uplifting the disadvantaged in our community.
we worked closely with our charity partners to understand pain points and needs before matching employees who have the skill sets to offer the necessary support.
projects completed included: teaching seniors to draft wills and lasting power of attorney documents; organising activity-based workshops to equip special needs youths with financial literacy skills; creating a dashboard to help a charity partner to identify the right target audience for fund-raising; helping our food charity partner to tap on data to track demand for food items and stock sufficient supplies to meet the food security needs of low-income families; and creating tiktok videos to help a charity partner to reach out to youths facing mental health issues.
restoring mangroves to help absorb carbon emissions this year, we launched the ocbc mangrove park project in singapore, a partnership with the national parks board to help grow 9,000 mangrove trees in pulau ubin, and another project to grow 9,000 mangrove trees in tebuk mendeleng, malaysia.
the 18,000 mangrove trees that will be grown in these two sites can help absorb more than 30,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide in their lifetimes.
these two projects are the latest of our carbon sequestration efforts which began with a habitat enhancement project at coney island in 2017, followed by the ocbc arboretum at the singapore botanic gardens which houses 2,000 trees that can absorb 80,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide in their lifetimes.
donate flex$ to the ocbccares programme we encourage our employees to give back to the community by donating a portion of their flex$ to the ocbccares programme to fund projects undertaken by our approved charity and environment partners.
ocbc bank has also provided a set of sustainable cutlery to employees to encourage reduction of waste, which employees can opt to donate the cost to the ocbccares programme instead, in line with our ongoing green efforts to transition towards a zero-waste lifestyle.
availing philanthropy services to high net-worth individuals and family offices bank of singapore has entered into a strategic partnership with non-profit organisation, the community foundation of singapore cfs , to enable clients to co-develop with cfs a comprehensive impact-driven philanthropic strategy that aligns with their personal values and giving goals.
this partnership allows clients to tap on cfs's expertise and insights into singapore's charitable landscape, giving them peace of mind that their funds will be managed by experts in the field.
with this offering, we hope to support the philanthropic giving by family offices which are also an important client segment of bank of singapore.
our performance 238,974 individuals benefited from our support 13,068 volunteers 65,155 volunteer hours of training per employee contributed by our employees 739 community-support activities organised across the group singapore dollar2.39 million donated ahead of schedule by one year, surpassed the target of supporting more than 1 million vulnerable individuals through our ocbccares programme, counting from 2017. our targets 30% increase in skills-based staff volunteer projects by 2023 boost employee support for the community through staff volunteerism awards champion of good award 2022: awarded by the national volunteering and philanthropy centre, for exemplary action in doing good, and being a multiplier in engaging partners and stakeholders to do good.
outstanding corporate award: awarded by thye hua kwan moral charities, for contributions made during the covid pandemic.
ocbc sustainability report 2022 38 community development addressing food security needs of low income families food is a necessity, but also a way to show care.
a study by the singapore management university found that 10% of singaporeans struggle to get sufficient, safe and nutritious food at least once a year.
among the 10%, two out of five households struggle at least once a month.
during the chinese new year period, ocbc staff volunteers in singapore partnered with beyond social services to prepare festive meals for more than 250 individuals from 50 families living in rental blocks.
aside from this festive meal, these families have been receiving hot meals twice a week through beyond social services’ project masak-lah the meals are prepared by women who volunteered to apply their culinary skills to feed their neighbours.
by empowering them to give back, we are able to offer both moral and financial support.
all the food supplies were funded through our ocbcares programme.
we continue to support the food from the heart community shops in mountbatten and boon lay, enabling close to 1,500 eligible families to select food for free each month.
allowing families to choose food items at these community shops helps mitigate duplication and mismatch of food donations.
in malaysia, our staff volunteers helped raise funds to purchase hari raya food packs for 45 households affected by the floods.
. we support project masak-lah which empowers women to use their culinary skills to feed other families in need.
teaching students with special needs to be prudent through a supermarket simulation experience 40 staff volunteers in singapore had to dig deep and be creative to teach financial literacy to students with special needs at the awwa school@napiri.
while our volunteers were there to share their financial knowledge, it was unlike the usual process of advising customers how to manage their money.
they had to understand the needs of the students, then marry fun and financial literacy to create teaching tools that would help them learn how to budget, save and make payments through a supermarket simulation experience.
after choosing their favourite items toys and accessories were popular picks , the students went to the cashiers to make payment.
some found themselves exceeding their budgets and had to prioritize their needs over wants and reduce their final purchases.
it requires a lot more planning and development work.
. our volunteers simulated a supermarket experience to teach 240 students with special needs how to count money and make good purchase decisions by choosing needs over wants.
while our volunteers may have the knowledge and skills, they need to create simple-to-use tools and systems that will better suit the beneficiaries we support.
our management approach aside from providing financial solutions, ocbc plays an integral role in supporting the local economy through fair and progressive compensation to employees, taxes to the respective authorities and dividends to shareholders.
we prioritise sourcing from local suppliers to support the economy in our core markets.
notes: 1 our procurement approach and requirements are set out in the strong governance chapter.
we strive to source locally and responsibly, aligning with our esg criteria.
sustainability pillar 3: act with integrity strong governance why this is material to us building a strong governance foundation is integral to ocbc's success.
ocbc's governance framework enables us to build and maintain stakeholder trust – creating long-term and sustainable value.
our management approach we are committed to upholding the highest corporate governance standards.
guided by our groupwide code of conduct the code and group policies, we comply with the regulations, codes and corporate governance guidelines in every jurisdiction we operate in.
ocbc’s robust corporate governance structure and policies are underpinned by our core values: lasting value, integrity, forward-looking, respect and responsibility lifrr . the board ethics and conduct committee is responsible for cultivating and maintaining these core values across the organisation, anchoring the way employees conduct themselves.
in order to remain relevant and up to date with industry best practices, reviews on the code are conducted periodically.
additionally, we have formalised a more robust and holistic assessment of managerial accountability.
fundamental to ocbc’s code of conduct, we take a zero-tolerance approach to all forms of bribery and corruption.
the ocbc group policy on anti-bribery and corruption abc sets out the following commitment and responsibilities via the abc compliance programme: written policies and procedures; risk identification and assessment; training and communication; and reporting channel.
we conduct periodic reviews on our abc compliance programme to ensure consistency with global best practices and standards.
any political contributions and offerings of any value, including gifts, entertainment, charitable contributions and sponsorships, are prohibited.
all ocbc employees are required to undergo the mandatory biennial abc awareness training to keep abreast of our abc policy and comply with the gift and entertainment disclosure policy.
our target maintain 100% completion of mandatory staff training in 2023 for fraud awareness and whistleblowing, anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
awards runner up of the most transparent company award financials category awarded by sias at the sias investors’ choice awards 2022 bronze for the best managed board award large-cap category awarded at the singapore corporate awards 2022 image description: a picture depicting a handshake between two business professionals.
strong governance new initiatives and ongoing efforts to instill a strong ethical culture and good corporate governance behaviour, we launched several initiatives in 2022. best execution policy we launched our best execution be policy, which comprises guidelines on best execution processes, including conduct and control standards when executing orders in respect of certain financial instruments within the scope of requirements imposed by applicable laws and regulations in the locations we operate in.
employee conduct triggers programme risk culture is gaining traction as regulators across the region actively seek objective and quantifiable measures to assess risk culture and determine if existing actions and policies are adequate in promoting the desired risk culture.
since 2018, about 98% of employees have consistently upheld exemplary behaviour and were not accorded any ect points annually.
at ocbc, we consider environmental, social and governance esg issues in our procurement evaluation.
our supplier code of conduct establishes the basic expectations of suppliers across five key areas: compliance with law; business integrity and ethics; human rights; health and safety; and environmental protection.
the supplier code of conduct is incorporated in our standard supplier onboarding process, which all suppliers are required to adhere to, as well as acknowledge it as part of the ongoing contracting process.
to ensure our suppliers comply with all applicable laws and regulations, we continuously encourage them to construct a resilient and sustainable supply chain where possible.
. ocbc sustainability report 2022 43 sustainability pillar 3: act with integrity fair dealing why this is material to us prioritising the trust of our stakeholders and holding ourselves to the highest ethical standards have made the ocbc group brand name synonymous with integrity, reliability and financial soundness.
our brand promise — 'simply spot on' — reflects our commitment to taking a long-term approach in building enduring customer relationships.
our management approach fair dealing is a core part of our corporate culture.
our performance 100% completion of mandatory fair dealing e-learning module 1 100% attendance for product suitability assessment for new product managers 2 zero significant cases of mis-selling from a regulatory breach perspective 3 our targets maintain 100% completion rates for mandatory employee training for fair dealing in 2023 1 maintain 100% attendance for product suitability assessment for new product managers in 2023 2 maintain zero significant cases of mis-selling from a regulatory breach perspective in 2023 3 1 only for employees in singapore, malaysia and bank of singapore.
training competent sales representatives to provide quality service to ensure our customers are provided with quality advice and appropriate product recommendations that best suit their financial needs, every new sales representative at ocbc bank singapore has to undergo a rigorous training programme upon joining the bank.
the one-and-a-half-month long programme, which consists of structured classroom-style lessons, covers topics ranging from product knowledge to performing a robust financial needs analysis.
this is to ensure sales representatives are well equipped with product knowledge and will be able to confidently explain product risks and features to customers.
videos showcasing best practices in customer interactions will be shared with ocbc sales trainees to prepare them for their simulation test.
through collaboration with the wider community, such as with law enforcement agencies and other financial institutions, we will work together hand-in-hand to combat financial crimes.
in 2022, we intensified our efforts to educate customers on scam typologies and methods to safeguard themselves.
we are enhancing our fraud detection capabilities and continue to work closely with the industry and the singapore police force spf to explore additional anti-scam security measures and safeguards for our customers.
in recognition of our efforts in helping customers who fell victim to scams, we were presented with 38 awards by the spf.
the alliance of public private cybercrime stakeholders appact appreciation awards in recognition of the strong partnership and support given to the singapore police force.
upon the detection of suspicious activities, an emergency kill switch, which has been made available on our various channels including atms, the ocbc helpline and the ocbc digital app, will enable swift suspension of accounts.
we have also worked alongside the spf to reinforce our anti-scam measures.
we have formed an anti-scam unit within the spf's new anti-scam command office which operates 24/7 to enable a timely response in the case of a scam incident.
caption: launching of ocbc digital silvers programme to upskill elderly customers on how to use digital banking and avoid scams.
we will continue to proactively invest in new technologies to enhance our cyber security posture so as to mitigate risks arising from the evolving cyber threat landscape.
as we accelerate our digital transformation efforts to enable continued digital engagement with our customers in a safe and secure manner, we have also continued to progressively enhance our existing framework, policies, processes and controls, as well as take concerted efforts to further increase our employees' cyber vigilance and knowledge across ocbc.
we also continue our active efforts to strengthen our cyber resilience through collaboration with the wider community.
we partner with industry players to actively gather cyber threat intelligence, as well as collaborate with law enforcement agencies and other financial institutions to collectively combat cyber threats.
in addition, we continuously review and strengthen our endpoint data loss prevention controls alongside existing processes to further minimise data breach incidents.
cyber security tabletop exercises and adversarial attack simulation exercises are also conducted to validate the bank's controls; and use the cyber smart programme to uplift employees' cyber vigilance and competencies.
it measures and uplifts employees' knowledge, skills and demonstrated behaviour in managing risks associated with cyber security, data loss and social engineering.
one of the winning teams — ka2ws from ocbc group operations & technology.
our performance 100% inclusion of employees in the social engineering test programme in 2022 100% of employees completed the annual cyber and information risk awareness online training and assessment course in 2022 1 1 the training performance includes employees from ocbc singapore and international branches excludes employees who are on long-term medical, sabbatical leave, etc. . our target maintain 100% completion of our annual cyber and information risk awareness online training and assessment course in 2023 sustainability pillar 3: act with integrity cyber security the diagram shows potential entry points for cyber threats at home and in the office, including home/public wi-fi networks, online sites, qr codes, social media platforms, smart watches, laptops, phones, and google home devices.
ocbc cyber smart programme: uplifting employees’ cyber vigilance and competencies the ocbc cyber smart programme is a strategic initiative to hone employees’ knowledge, skills and demonstrated behaviour in managing risks associated with social engineering, data loss and cyber security.
the programme aims to: measure ‘cyber intelligence’ of all employees over time and recognise ‘cyber intelligent’ behaviour and practices; offer guidance and encouragement to employees on advancing their ‘cyber intelligence’; and provide an overall risk posture to the board and senior management.
as part of the cyber smart programme, ocbc held a cyber resilience webinar on 4 august 2022 that drew over 500 participants.
external speakers were invited to share their insights on cyber threats targeting individuals and how criminals take advantage of victims’ emotions and mindsets.
the webinar also included a panel session for the panellists to share their knowledge and experience in cyber resilience.
ocbc also had our first cyber escape room online competition, with over 150 participants divided into 38 teams between the two sessions from bank ocbc nisp, ocbc singapore, bank of singapore, ocbc bank malaysia berhad, ocbc wing hang and ocbc wing hang china.
the participants were given one hour to crack a series of puzzles; failing which ‘sensitive information’ would be released resulting in damage to a fictional company.
the intent was to enhance employees’ cyber competencies.
contributions to un sdgs un sdg 3: good health and wellbeing relevant sdg target s : 3.4 – by 2030, reduce by one-third premature mortality from non-communicable diseases ncds through prevention and treatment, and promote mental health and wellbeing.
ocbc's contribution: promoting physical and mental wellbeing: ocbc organised a variety of programmes to promote employee engagement and wellbeing, including the mywellness fiesta 2022 and mywellness talks which are a series of thematic talks and classes revolving around mental, physical, social and financial wellness.
other initiatives include liferefresh@ocbc which is a lifelong learning programme offering holistic support in career planning, financial planning and mental as well as physical wellness to employees aged 40 years and above, along with complimentary onsite health screening to identify focus areas to improve employee wellbeing.
cumulatively, this has resulted in an impact of 32,000 instances of participation across ocbc group in our wellness programmes as well as voluntary health promotion services and programmes.
target: implement our existing key employee wellness and sustainability initiatives on a groupwide basis.
un sdg 4: quality education relevant sdg target s : 4.3 – by 2030, ensure equal access for all women and men to affordable and quality technical, vocational and tertiary education, including university.
4.4 – by 2030, substantially increase the number of youth and adults who have relevant skills, including technical and vocational skills, for employment, decent jobs and entrepreneurship.
4.5 – by 2030, eliminate gender disparities in education and ensure equal access to all levels of education and vocational training for the vulnerable, including persons with disabilities, indigenous people and children in vulnerable situations.
ocbc's contribution: providing quality professional learning and development: ocbc's training programmes cater for all employees across various fields, including 14 certification pathways benefiting close to 4,000 employees.
the sustainability learning series consisting of 142 initiatives that were offered to employees saw more than 25,000 completions and generated learning gains of 52%.
nurturing young talent: ocbc builds a talent ecosystem through programmes such as the one-year ocbc ignite apprenticeship for tertiary students to grow their passion and expertise in the technology space, stem@ocbc which is a structured 24-week internship for undergraduate students in the disciplines of science, technology, engineering and mathematics, and our graduate talent programme which has benefited outstanding graduates and provided a steady stream of talent for the bank over the years.
target: support all employees in their career development, providing them with learning opportunities.
un sdg 5: gender equality relevant sdg target s : 5.1 – end all forms of discrimination against all women and girls everywhere.
5.5 – ensure women's full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political, economic and public life.
ocbc's contribution: avoiding gender bias in hiring: ocbc uses gender inclusive language in job descriptions.
women in banking and tech: ocbc emphasises gender inclusivity in the workplace.
on international women's day, the ocbc-bos women in tech network and bos women's network organised programmes that focused on gender inclusivity by empowering women and debunking workplace gender myths.
targets: maintain a balanced gender mix across our workforce.
achieve 42% of leadership positions to be filled by women by 2025. un sdg 7: affordable and clean energy relevant sdg target s : 7.2 – by 2030, increase substantially the share of renewable energy in the global energy mix.
7.3 – double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency by 2030. ocbc's contribution: energy efficiency: ocbc is progressively deploying solar panels at several of our buildings, particularly ocbc tampines one and ocbc tampines two in singapore; ocbc tower in shanghai; menara ocbc in malaysia and in five other malaysian branches.
these solar panels will collectively generate up to 380,000 kilowatt-hour energy per year to power our operations.
targets: maintain carbon neutrality for ocbc's banking operational emissions in 2023. grow our sustainable financing portfolio to singapore dollar50 billion by 2025. contributions to un sdgs un sdg 8: decent work and economic growth relevant sdg target s : 8.5 – by 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal value.
8.8 – protect labour rights and promote safe and secure working environments of all workers, including migrant workers, particularly women migrants, and those in precarious employment.
ocbc's contribution: employee assistance programme: ocbc launched the employee resource group erg , an internal support group that connects employees with similar backgrounds or experiences to provide practical advice and encouragement in a safe and supportive environment.
in addition, ocbc continues to adopt a hybrid working model to give employees greater workplace flexibility.
targets: support all employees in their career development, providing them with learning opportunities.
implement our existing key employee wellness and sustainability initiatives on a groupwide basis.
un sdg 9: industry, innovation and infrastructure relevant sdg target s : 9.4 – by 2030, upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to make them sustainable, with increased resource use efficiency and greater adoption of clean and environmentally sound technologies and industrial processes, all countries taking action in accordance with their respective capabilities.
ocbc's contribution: promoting the adoption of electric vehicles ev : we have installed a total of 24 ev charging stations in our group-owned commercial buildings.
support businesses in their sustainability journey: with the successful implementation of the ocbc sme sustainable finance framework in singapore which provides smes with easier access to green loans, we have further expanded it to our customers in malaysia, indonesia and hong kong to help them get started on their sustainability journey.
as of december 2022, we have successfully delivered green loans of over singapore dollar3 billion to more than 600 businesses regionally.
targets: maintain carbon neutrality for ocbc's banking operational emissions in 2023. provide ev charging facilities to other major group-owned commercial buildings by 2025. un sdg 11: sustainable cities and communities relevant sdg target s : 11.3 – by 2030, enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanization and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustainable human settlement planning and management in all countries.
targets: bank of singapore to achieve bca green mark healthier workplace award for all new offices in 2023. all ocbc bank branches to receive bca green mark awards by 2030. maintain carbon neutrality for ocbc's banking operational emissions in 2023. grow our sustainable financing portfolio to singapore dollar50 billion by 2025. un sdg 13: climate action relevant sdg target s : 13.3 – improve education, awareness-raising and human and institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction and early warning.
ocbc's contribution: net-zero commitment: ocbc became a signatory to the nzba committing to align lending and investment portfolios with net-zero emissions by 2050. restoring mangroves to help absorb carbon emissions: we launched the ocbc mangrove park project to help grow 18,000 mangrove trees that will absorb an estimated 30,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide in their lifetimes.
carbon neutrality of operational emissions: we achieved carbon neutrality in our operational emissions for 2022 through implementing key carbon reduction measures and supporting carbon offset projects.
targets: maintain carbon neutrality for ocbc's banking operational emissions in 2023. strengthen esg policies and procedures to support climate risk management.
gri reference: 2-4, disclosure title: restatements of information, page reference and remarks: climate action - page 21: data for electricity and scope 2 emissions has been restated due to data refinement.
gri reference: 2-7, disclosure title: employees, page reference and remarks: group business - https://www.ocbc.com/group/about-us/group-business.page diversity, equity and inclusion - page 33-34 gri reference: 2-8, disclosure title: workers who are not employees, page reference and remarks: diversity, equity and inclusion - page 33-34 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the information on other workers who are not employees of our organisation.
gri 2: general disclosures 2021 governance gri reference: 2-9, disclosure title: governance structure and composition, page reference and remarks: our sustainability governance structure - page 7 diversity, equity and inclusion - page 34 board of directors – annual report page 20-21 corporate governance - page 44-67 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the information on the composition of our governance body.
gri reference: 2-10, disclosure title: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: corporate governance – annual report page 45, 48-50, 63-66 gri reference: 2-11, disclosure title: chair of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: board of directors – annual report page 20 gri reference: 2-12, disclosure title: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, page reference and remarks: our sustainability governance structure - page 7 our materiality assessment process – page 10 corporate governance - annual report page 44-47, 56-59 gri reference: 2-13, disclosure title: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, page reference and remarks: our sustainability governance structure - page 7 corporate governance – annual report page 44-47 gri reference: 2-14, disclosure title: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, page reference and remarks: our sustainability governance structure - page 7 our materiality assessment process – page 10 corporate governance - annual report page 44, 48, 50, 54-55, 60, 63-67 gri reference: 2-15, disclosure title: conflicts of interest, page reference and remarks: corporate governance – annual report page 56, 59 gri reference: 2-16, disclosure title: communication of critical concerns, page reference and remarks: corporate governance – annual report page 48-49 gri reference: 2-17, disclosure title: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: corporate governance – annual report page 50 gri reference: 2-18, disclosure title: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, page reference and remarks: corporate governance - annual report page 50-55, 104-107 gri reference: 2-19, disclosure title: remuneration policies, page reference and remarks: corporate governance - annual report page 46, 50-51, 104-107 gri reference: 2-20, disclosure title: process to determine remuneration gri reference: 2-21, disclosure title: annual total compensation ratio, page reference and remarks: we do not disclose this metric due to confidentiality considerations.
gri standards content index climate action gri standard disclosure: gri 3: material topics 2021, gri reference: 3-3, disclosure title: management of material topics, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 15-21 gri standard disclosure: gri 302: energy 2016, gri reference: 302-1, disclosure title: energy consumption within the organisation, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 19-21 gri reference: 302-3, disclosure title: energy intensity, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri standard disclosure: gri 303: water and effluents 2018, gri reference: 303-1, disclosure title: interactions with water as a shared resource, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri reference: 303-2, disclosure title: management of water discharge-related impacts, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri reference: 303-3, disclosure title: water withdrawal, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri standard disclosure: non-gri, gri reference: non-gri, disclosure title: total water consumption, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri standard disclosure: non-gri, gri reference: non-gri, disclosure title: water consumption intensity, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri standard disclosure: gri 305: emissions 2016, gri reference: 305-1, disclosure title: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri reference: 305-2, disclosure title: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri reference: 305-3, disclosure title: other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri reference: 305-4, disclosure title: greenhouse gas emissions intensity, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 gri standard disclosure: non-gri, gri reference: non-gri, disclosure title: waste generation, page reference and remarks: climate action – page 21 table end.
employee health, safety and wellbeing gri standard disclosure: gri 3: material topics 2021, gri reference: 3-3, disclosure title: management of material topics, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 gri standard disclosure: gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018, gri reference: 403-1, disclosure title: occupational health and safety management system, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri reference: 403-2, disclosure title: hazard identification, risk assessment and incident investigation, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri reference: 403-3, disclosure title: occupational health services, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri reference: 403-4, disclosure title: worker participation, consultation and communication on occupational health and safety, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri reference: 403-5, disclosure title: worker training on occupational health and safety, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri reference: 403-6, disclosure title: promotion of worker health, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri standards content index table: gri standards disclosure index gri standard disclosure: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships , gri reference: 403-7, disclosure title: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri standard disclosure: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system , gri reference: 403-8, disclosure title: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri standard disclosure: work-related injuries , gri reference: 403-9, disclosure title: work-related injuries, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
gri standard disclosure: work-related ill health , gri reference: 403-10, disclosure title: work-related ill health, page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 31 we are working towards disclosing more granular details of the health and safety related information within the organisation.
a. describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
our sustainability governance structure – page 7 our materiality assessment process – page 10 b. describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
our sustainability governance structure – page 7 our materiality assessment process – page 10 strategy disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and financial planning where such information is material.
a. describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium and long term.
climate action – page 16 b. describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy and financial planning.
climate action – page 16 c. describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario.
climate action – page 17-18 risk management disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks.
a. describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
climate action – page 16-17 b. describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related risks.
climate action – page 16-17 c. describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management.
climate action – page 16-17 metrics and targets disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
a. disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
climate action – page 19-21 sustainable financing and investing – page 24-25 b. disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions and the related risks.
climate action – page 21 c. describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
climate action – page 21 responsible financing – page 22 sustainable financing and investing – page 25 ungc ten principles human rights principle 1: businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights.
our commitments – modern slavery act transparency statement – page reference principle 2: make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
our commitments – modern slavery act transparency statement – page reference labour principle 3: businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining.
the data for percentage of employees covered under collective bargaining is currently unavailable.
our commitments – modern slavery act transparency statement – page reference principle 4: the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour.
our commitments – modern slavery act transparency statement – page reference principle 5: the effective abolition of child labour.
diversity, equity and inclusion – page 32-34 page reference principle 6: the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.
environment principle 7: businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges.
page reference principle 8: undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility.
build a low-carbon future – page 13-27 page reference principle 9: encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies.
fair dealing – page 44-45 page reference ; financial crimes prevention – page 46-47 page reference ; cyber security – page 48-49 page reference un sdg index goal: un sdg 3, target: 3.4, description: by 2030, reduce by one-third pre-mature mortality from non-communicable diseases ncds through prevention and treatment, and promote mental health and wellbeing., page reference and remarks: employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 goal: un sdg 4, target: 4.3, description: by 2030, ensure equal access for all women and men to affordable and quality technical, vocational and tertiary education, including university., page reference and remarks: talent management – page 35-37 target: 4.4, description: by 2030, substantially increase the number of youth and adults who have relevant skills, including technical and vocational skills, for employment, decent jobs and entrepreneurship., page reference and remarks: talent management – page 35-37 target: 4.5, description: by 2030, eliminate gender disparities in education and ensure equal access to all levels of education and vocational training for the vulnerable, including persons with disabilities, indigenous people and children in vulnerable situations., page reference and remarks: talent management – page 35-37 goal: un sdg 5, target: 5.1, description: end all forms of discrimination against all women and girls everywhere., page reference and remarks: diversity, equity and inclusion – page 32-34 target: 5.5, description: ensure women's full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision making in political, economic and public life., page reference and remarks: diversity, equity and inclusion – page 32-34 goal: un sdg 7, target: 7.2, description: by 2030, increase substantially the share of renewable energy in the global energy mix., page reference and remarks: climate action – page 15-21; sustainable financing and investing – page 24-27 target: 7.3, description: double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency by 2030., page reference and remarks: climate action – page 15-21; sustainable financing and investing – page 24-27 goal: un sdg 8, target: 8.5, description: by 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal value., page reference and remarks: diversity, equity and inclusion – page 32-34; talent management – page 35-37; community development – page 38-39; economic contributions – page 40 target: 8.8, description: protect labour rights and promote safe and secure working environments of all workers, including migrant workers, particularly women migrants and those in precarious employment., page reference and remarks: climate action – page 20; financial inclusion – page 29; employee health, safety and wellbeing – page 30-31 goal: un sdg 9, target: 9.4, description: by 2030, upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to make them sustainable, with increased resource use efficiency and greater adoption of clean and environmentally sound technologies and industrial processes, all countries taking action in accordance with their respective capabilities., page reference and remarks: climate action – page 19-21; responsible financing – page 22-23; sustainable financing and investing – page 24-27 goal: un sdg 11, target: 11.3, description: by 2030, enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanisation and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustainable human settlement planning and management in all countries., page reference and remarks: climate action – page 15-21; responsible financing – page 22-23; sustainable financing and investing – page 24-27 goal: un sdg 13, target: 13.3, description: improve education, awareness-raising and human and institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction and early warning., page reference and remarks: climate action – page 15-21; responsible financing – page 22-23; sustainable financing and investing – page 24-27; community development – page 38 table end.
practitioner's independence and quality control we have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority acra code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities acra code , which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.
our firm applies singapore standard on quality control 1 and, accordingly, maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
we performed our limited assurance engagement in accordance with singapore standard on assurance engagements 3000 revised - assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information and, in respect of greenhouse gas emissions included in the identified sustainability information, singapore standard on assurance engagements 3410 – assurance engagements on greenhouse gas statements “ssae 3410” collectively the "standards" . these standards require that we plan and perform our work to form the conclusion about whether the identified sustainability information is free from material misstatement.
given the circumstances of the engagement, the following were also performed: interviewed management and personnel in group operations & technology, property services, and human resources departments in relation to the identified sustainability information.
the quantification of the greenhouse gas emissions data underlying the identified sustainability information is subject to inherent uncertainty because of incomplete scientific knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values needed to combine emissions of different gases, and the estimation uncertainty from the measurement and calculation processes used to quantify emissions within the bounds of existing scientific knowledge.
this can affect the ability to draw meaningful comparison of the company's greenhouse gas emissions over time.
