no further content is available for extraction.
in 2022, we laid the groundwork for further real-world progress by formalizing or reaffirming our commitments to a number of prominent and actionable global corporate sustainability initiatives, including the un global compact, the net zero asset managers initiative, and the principles for responsible investment.
we launched new funds for our clients that specifically target the risks and opportunities associated with global carbon reduction and other esg goals.
we repositioned an emerging market fixed income strategy to explicitly align with four critical un sustainable development goals sdgs . in 2022, we expanded our diversity, equity, and inclusion dei , career development, and mentoring programs to continue to attract and retain high-quality talent from a broad range of backgrounds.
we launched a number of exciting initiatives through various employee resource groups to continue building on our strong and inclusive corporate culture.
we are cognizant of both the importance and the difficulty of quantifying the impact of corporate responsibility programs with objective and measurable data.
we're proud of the advancements made to date, none of which would have been possible without the alignment of our people and our teams behind the firm's shared goals – and their continued efforts to create compelling investment opportunities for our clients while building an internal organization we can be proud of.
contents our philosophy and principles: a framework for progress 06 our people: change starts at home 12 our planet: taking up the challenge of bending the curve 20 our portfolios: using our power as capital allocators 26 our policies: the codes we work and live by 38 our purpose-driven future 42 < -- image of the contents page -- our philosophy and principles: a framework for progress at pinebridge, we recognize that the concerted efforts of governments, industry peers, and other stakeholders are needed to make a real difference in the challenges facing our world.
to do our part, one of the most important steps we've taken is to pledge our commitment to the world's largest corporate responsibility initiative, the united nations global compact ungc , and its ten principles supporting the un's 17 sustainable development goals sdgs for 2030. under the sdg initiative, companies commit to support a range of goals — from ending global poverty and hunger to taking climate action and protecting life on land and in the water — and to incorporate them into their strategy, culture, and day-to-day operations.
ungc members in the private sector are encouraged to focus on the ten principles and contribute to the sdgs in the ways they believe they can have the greatest impact.
each goal has a target, with the understanding that meeting one target must frequently work in concert with and be balanced against the demands of meeting others.
we recognize that climate change poses a significant threat to society and the global economy.
we believe we can play a critical role in supporting the global transition to carbon neutrality and will engage with companies demonstrating a prudent investment opportunity aligned with this path.
we believe that each person brings unique strengths, and we share responsibility for fostering an inclusive and welcoming culture of equity.
our stewardship and engagement efforts aim to ensure companies adopt equitable and inclusive recruitment, development, and promotion practices.
we hold company leaders accountable for promoting these aims.
as a signatory of the un global compact, we recognize that ensuring human rights and dignity is essential to sustainable development.
our obligation to our clients is to address the risk of involvement with gross human rights abuses or corporate negligence, and to ensure pinebridge aligns with applicable laws and un conventions.
focus on five sustainable development goals sdgs we have focused our efforts on the following five sdgs: goal 3: good health and well-being: ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages.
goal 5: gender equality: achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls.
goal 8: decent work and economic growth: promote inclusive and sustainable economic growth, employment, and decent work for all.
goal 12: responsible consumption and production: ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns.
goal 13: climate action: take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts.
as of 31 december 2022, our sustainability efforts adhere to the following codes and initiatives, to advance our efforts alongside the broader financial industry.
in addition to these voluntary initiatives, as a baseline of operating, pinebridge adheres to applicable global and local regulations.
to ensure we manage esg risk day-to-day, we view transparency via disclosure and rigorous management accountability as essential for all our investee companies, as well as for our own business.
effective management, board oversight, dei assessments, fair compensation practices, and investor protections are all crucial components of organizational success.
our approach professional development flexible/hybrid work model employee resource groups diversity metrics dei policies and practices stewardship define and monitor the company's proxy voting strategy and process and provide oversight of engagement processes, including firmwide reporting, cross-asset collaboration, and escalation.
company responsibility drive the firm's social responsibility strategy and company best practices as an employer, corporate citizen, industry player, and community member.
the board's governance committee members serve as advisors to the ceo on strategic, general management, governance, and related material matters.
the crsc reports to the ceo and oversees the firm's corporate responsibility strategy across four key areas.
quote “beyond effective management, board oversight, and fair practices, we believe fostering a culture of accountability and prudent risk management, supported by a diverse pool of talent, will drive superior results and enable us to deliver ‘organizational alpha’ – the essence of success in today’s rapidly changing world.” — tracie e. ahern, chief financial officer and chief risk officer, company responsibility committee co-chair note: the image includes a picture of tracie e. ahern.
our people: change starts at home we are big believers in the adage that corporate and social responsibility begins at home.
we recognize that ensuring a strong and diverse workforce is critical to achieving our mission over the long term.
as such, we dedicate significant resources not only to recruitment but to helping employees from different backgrounds achieve their full potential and make meaningful contributions to our success.
key statistics: 46% of our 700+ global employees are women 1 28% of our investment professionals advising on investable mandates are women 2 , versus 12% in the global industry 3 united states dollar120,200 was raised by the firm and employees for various charities and philanthropic causes through fundraising and other non-profit initiatives 4 37 initiatives led by the firm's employee resource groups ergs : lgbtq+ & allies network, women's network, black employee network, and genbridge young professionals network our diverse global workforce reflects this commitment and our ongoing efforts to improve.
we collect employee feedback through engagement and diversity surveys to better understand the firm's demographic makeup and employees' experiences to better support our people in a fast-changing world.
motivated by the latest findings, we've been expanding our responsible employer programs in the following key areas.
https://www.ft.com/content/309c7a63-bf95-455a-ab3e-0182a3523611 4. source: pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. image description: logos for un sustainable development goals 3 good health and well-being and 8 decent work and economic growth professional development we prioritize providing each employee with the tools and training they need to succeed and advance in their roles and throughout their careers at the firm, which we see as a competitive advantage over the long term.
our employees have access to a global professional development platform that they can customize based on their individual development goals and career aspirations.
this personalized approach empowers employees to own and drive their professional development.
some of our firmwide offerings include mentoring opportunities, management and leadership development programs, technical education, personality assessments, career coaching, support for industry designations, tuition reimbursement, and access to digital learning platforms, including language development.
in 2021, we launched a comprehensive global leadership development program for high-performing employees in investments.
in 2022, we expanded participation to 30 professionals across the firm.
this program received a net promoter score nps —a widely used market research metric that asks respondents to rate the likelihood that they would recommend a company, product, or a service to a friend or colleague—of 73, which is considered best in class.
23% growth in our global mentoring program from 2021 to 2022, with participants in 15 office locations.
we view mentorship as one of the most effective professional development tools because it can be customized to meet an employee's unique needs and career aspirations.
participation in our global mentoring program grew by 23% from 2021 to 2022, with participants in 15 office locations.
we received positive feedback on how the program helped participants achieve their professional development goals while expanding their network.
in 2022, we launched a reverse mentoring program, in which junior talent provided mentorship to senior leaders, which empowered emerging talent to help shape the firm's culture and develop leadership skills.
furthermore, senior leaders gained a deeper perspective on the experience of more junior employees and intergenerational differences and similarities —and, yes, some new technological know-how.
in determining whether any adjustments are necessary, pinebridge human resources considers, among other things, factors such as an individual's previous experience, individual and team performance, firm and team profitability, and role location and the local market for that role.
pinebridge was recognized as one of the "best places to work in money management" by pensions & investments.
jennifer motz global head of human resources, diversity, equity and inclusion committee co-chair 5 as of december 2022. for the best places to work in money management, pensions & investments partnered with best companies group, a research firm, to conduct a two-part survey for employers and their employees.
in our view, a diverse workforce drives innovation, allows us to better serve our diverse client base, and helps foster cognitive diversity while avoiding "groupthink.” our overarching aim is to identify exceptional individuals who will add value to our strategy, client service, and culture, and who will bring new perspectives to our teams.
to this end, we continually seek to attract and retain a diverse pool of talent across the globe, with employees who can bring to the table a variety of perspectives and ideas.
we aim to achieve diversity across race, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, nationality, geographic origin, religion, culture, and any other dimension of diversity.
pinebridge is dedicated to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion for employees at all stages, beginning with recruitment.
with the aid of an augmented writing software, our job descriptions are written in gender-neutral and inclusive language to attract a diverse pool of candidates.
human resources conducts annual diversity reviews to objectively assess how we are tracking against our diversity metrics, including diversity at each job level and the pace of promotions.
gender diversity has been a significant focus for pinebridge from its start, and we have achieved a higher percentage of women among our senior leaders and investment professionals versus the broader industry.
gender diversity at pinebridge 46% of our global workforce is female 6 32% of senior leadership positions svp and above at pinebridge are held by women, versus 27% for corporate america more broadly 7 28% of our investment professionals advising on investable mandates are women, versus 12% in the global industry 8,9 notes: 6 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 7 source: women in the workplace: 2022. mckinsey.
https://www.mckinsey.com/featured-insights/diversity-and-inclusion/women-in-the-workplace 8 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 9 source: thomas, h 21 september 2022 . “where are all the women in asset management?” financial times.
https://www.ft.com/content/309c7a63-bf95-455a-ab3e-0182a3523611 representation at pinebridge 41% of pinebridge employees were the first person in their family to attend college or university.
10 25 offices are operating in 15 countries worldwide, reflecting our global footprint and ethnic diversity.
11 48% of our employees speak more than one language.
12 gender representation in senior leadership positions a commitment to advancing the careers of women runs deep at pinebridge.
we offer progressive primary and non-primary caregiver leave, adoption and bonding leave, and flexible work policies to support working mothers as well as promote parental and family leave, which contributes to building a more equitable firm culture.
pinebridge also participates in the mckinsey annual women in the workplace survey and provides benchmarking data.
source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022; data sourced to align with the results of the voluntary employee diversity survey.
from the top down, we hold managers accountable for upholding dei policies in hiring, retaining, and developing employees.
performance goals for officers and managers include supporting corporate social responsibility and dei initiatives.
in addition, all employees must complete the following online training annually: preventing discrimination and harassment; unconscious bias; diversity, inclusion and sensitivity; and modern slavery in supply chains.
footnotes: 10 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. results from 2022 voluntary survey of employees of 618 respondents representing 86% of total employees.
11 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. 12 source: pinebridge investments as of october 2022. results from 2022 voluntary survey of employees of 618 respondents representing 86% of total employees.
pinebridge outperformance in external finance benchmark we are proud to report that pinebridge outperformed the external finance benchmark in several important areas: communicating to employees: +9 points higher team collaboration: +4 points higher manager support: +2 points higher receiving recognition for their work: +2 points higher having an equal opportunity to succeed: +2 points higher feeling comfortable being themselves at work: +2 points higher feeling free to speak their mind: +1 point higher data source: employee pulse survey via glint; april 2022. finance benchmark includes 50+ companies.
employee wellness and culture at pinebridge, we understand that work is just one aspect of our employees' lives and believe maintaining a healthy work-life balance is crucial for our employees' happiness, productivity, and success.
our wellness opportunities are designed to support our employees in all aspects of their lives, including physical, mental, and emotional health.
we encourage our employees to take advantage of these resources and prioritize their health and well-being both inside and outside of work.
our offerings include: employee assistance program eap , which provides confidential counselling and referrals to mental health professionals.
flexible work arrangements/hybrid work model primary and non-primary caregiver, adoption, and bonding leave mindfulness, meditation, and wellness resources moreover, we conduct periodic employee surveys to ensure that we are continually enhancing our employee support initiatives and programs.
these surveys measure employees' engagement and sense of inclusion and how they view our culture, flexible/hybrid work model, dei efforts, collaboration and communication, and management support.
we analyze the results to develop action plans as needed to ensure that our culture is collaborative and empowers employees to drive their professional development.
the result is a highly engaged workforce with low turnover.
we believe that helping our employees to be actively engaged at work while promoting a healthy balance creates an environment where our employees can thrive both personally and professionally.
employee resource groups ergs over the past couple of years, we've bolstered our commitment to dei and supported underrepresented groups at the grassroots level through the following global employee resource groups.
in 2022, our global ergs: hosted 37 events and initiatives supporting fundraising and employee engagement had 500 employees participating launched in 2019 initiatives included: partnership events with the financial times' women in business forum, providing tools to overcome “imposter syndrome” and supporting gender equality.
a breakthebias international women's day campaign.
a podcast covering women in investing.
hosting a mckinsey speaker discussing women in the workplace and supportive trends.
launched in 2021 initiatives included: a global dei quiz event encouraging engagement between lgbtq+ & allies and other employee resource groups.
an lgbtq+ panel event supporting transgender and non-binary individuals.
pride month fundraising across our offices for related charities and non-profit organizations.
a campaign to highlight the importance of the network and assist in inclusive recruitment efforts.
launched in 2021 initiatives included events featuring senior leaders across all regions sharing their career journeys and advice, providing younger members a direct line to senior members of the firm to learn from their experiences, as well as social events to provide networking opportunities.
launched in 2021 initiatives included: special events with guest speakers, including the first all-black team to summit mount everest.
a black history month campaign.
panel discussions supporting black employees at work.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at a meeting.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
: a group photo of employees at an event.
partnering with community programs our community outreach efforts enable our employees to partner directly with leading organizations to effect change close to home.
several of these efforts build on our sdg priorities, reinforcing our commitment in areas such as supporting opportunities for women and first-generation college grads by extending the opportunities to girls and youth from traditionally underrepresented groups and potentially future pinebridge employees . in 2022, pinebridge, along with its employees, raised and contributed over united states dollar120,000 to various initiatives.
14 14 pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. bridging the opportunity gap pinebridge has partnered with the following global organizations to deliver a program of rewarding internships to aspiring students and young people interested in a career in financial services.
girls are investors uk : an organization dedicated to improving gender diversity in the asset management industry by inspiring young women and providing internship opportunities.
the opportunity network us : an organization founded as a direct response to the inequitable structures of access, college opportunity, and professional mobility that disproportionately affect students of color and first-generation college students.
pinebridge has offered networking, internship, and career opportunities to students starting from 11th grade of high school to and through college.
summer internship program hong kong : pinebridge took part in this program as part of the hong kong government's effort to facilitate development of the asset management sector in hong kong by providing opportunities to students at local universities.
pinebridge's commitment to nzam with its commitment to nzam, pinebridge seeks to ensure that: 70% of financed emissions in net zero scope are assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement by 2025. 90% of financed emissions in net zero scope are assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement by 2030. over 7,900 trees were planted on their behalf since 2021 through a partnership with tree nation, the equivalent of taking nearly 300 internal combustion engine cars off the road 15 . 44% market share: pinebridge's award-winning platform 16 now dominates taiwan's esg investment market, with the largest esg-related aum 17 . our planet: taking up the challenge of bending the curve 15 source: “the forest of pinebridge investments.” tree-nation.
deepening our involvement with the global investment industry to meet universal climate and social goals, in 2021 we became a signatory to the net zero asset managers initiative nzam . nzam aims to reduce carbon emissions to align with 1.5°c and to support investing aligned with net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner, as stated in the paris agreement.
we are also working with the institutional investors group on climate change iigcc , a consortium of over 370 institutional investors and asset managers, which seeks to drive real action toward reaching the same goals.
18 source: net zero asset managers initiative as of 31 december 2022, https://www.netzeroassetmanagers.org/ net zero: we're on the clock when pinebridge signed onto nzam in november 2021, we committed to a tight time frame to define, assess, and manage our investments in compliance with the goal of global net zero emissions.
now that our baseline and initial scope 10% of the firm's aum, or united states dollar13.9 billion has been set, the next step is assessing the emissions associated with each.
2020 nzam initiative launches in december 2020, with the aim to galvanize the asset management industry to commit to a goal of net zero emissions.
projected engagement targets: by 2025: 70% of financed emissions within the net zero scope will be assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement.
. by 2030: 90% of financed emissions within the net zero scope will be assessed as net zero, aligned, aligning, or subject to direct engagement.
. this expansion is expected due to increased carbon reporting data and discussions with clients about evolving mandates.
across regions and asset classes across regions and asset classes, our investment teams have been deepening their understanding of what exactly this global journey to carbon neutrality will look like, and what else we can be doing to accelerate it – and to leverage it for added risk-return potential for our clients.
carbon handprint one example is the emerging concept of a “carbon handprint.” while the traditional climate-related investing framework has focused on the footprint – the total amount of greenhouse gases generated by a given set of activities – the carbon handprint emphasizes activities that help others reduce their footprint.
this could include anything from a tech firm that helps customers limit their travel by utilizing sustainably powered cloud and internet of things iot services, to a copper mine unearthing a critical raw material for wind turbines, solar panels, and electric vehicle batteries, to a bond issuer that invests in crop engineering to breed plants that can store more carbon in their roots.
in january 2023, our global equity team launched a strategy for our taiwanese clients specifically aimed at limiting the risks and capturing the opportunities related to the fight against climate change.
: illustrative image related to esg and environmental sustainability.
reforestation project: in 2021, pinebridge began reforestation initiatives in peru, madagascar, and india through a partnership with tree-nation, a non-profit organization that works with corporations and local planters around the world to plant trees.
aside from protecting biodiversity and offsetting carbon emissions, this initiative helps create jobs and support local communities.
so far, tree-nation has planted over 7,900 trees on our behalf, enough to eventually offset 1,317.79 metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions – the equivalent of taking nearly 300 internal combustion engine cars off the road.
table: reforestation project data as of 31 december 2022 location: madagascar, trees planted: 4048, percentage: 51%, hectares reforested: 1.3, co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 152.72 location: peru, trees planted: 2107, percentage: 27%, hectares reforested: 2.1, co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 406.67 location: india, trees planted: 1760, percentage: 22%, hectares reforested: 0.587, co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 758.40 location: total , trees planted: 7915 , percentage: 100% , hectares reforested: 4.04 , co2 captured total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 1317.79 table end.
we host an annual internal esg forum featuring both in-house and external experts discussing key topics, including geopolitics, the energy transition, commodities trends, and evolving policies.
the forum furthers our commitment to educating employees on esg topics and approaches as part of continued learning and development.
pinebridge believes an analytical approach that considers how companies are seeking to improve upon environmental, social, and governance issues can be material to risk mitigation and investment returns over the medium to long term.
recently, we launched a series of funds, starting in taiwan, focused on specific areas of esg-related risks and opportunities.
we believe factors such as carbon reduction have risen to a level where they are worthy of an even higher-conviction approach for interested clients whose objectives and time horizons allow.
“management teams respond more to owners than to conscientious objectors.
we focus on situations where active engagement can drive improvement in a company's practices, which may increase asset prices and develop the investment opportunities we seek.
we feel this is the best way to ensure that our engagement efforts will help move the needle on esg improvements that can benefit our clients' portfolios.
equities: ideally positioned for engagement the pinebridge fundamental equities team is ideally positioned to serve as esg advocates for our clients through our engagement and escalation process.
our medium- to long-term holding periods enable us to track companies' progress against the engagement goals over the proper time frame.
“in equities, we are analyzing where a company is headed fundamentally over a multi-year horizon, and what might keep it from getting there — and esg sustainability-related risks are key to this determination.” urging a global consumer discretionary company to address greenhouse gas emissions in december 2021, we began an engagement with a company in our portfolio that is a leading global provider of food, facilities, and uniform services.
through our era framework, we determined that the company's greenhouse gas greenhouse gas intensity trend versus peers was relatively high and that their overall esg disclosures needed improvement.
we highlighted both issues as material business risks, as the company's customers were increasingly evaluating greenhouse gas emissions and overall esg trends when awarding contracts.
through a consistent dialogue with senior management, including the ceo, cfo, and head of sustainability for the company, we urged the company to focus on improving its greenhouse gas emissions trend and expanding esg disclosures to align with peers.
since our engagement, the company has improved its disclosures and submitted its near-term net zero targets to the science based targets initiative sbti . outcome: we are seeing signposts of improvement in the company's emissions performance as well as reporting.
while the engagement is ongoing, the company acknowledged our contribution and insights after its esg rating was double upgraded by msci.
the un sustainability development goals help us maintain a balanced view of sustainability issues.
jonathan davis client portfolio manager and sustainable investment strategist, esg committee co-chair helping an indonesian utilities company form actionable carbon-reduction plans pinebridge has been engaging with a large utility in indonesia, a longtime portfolio holding currently rated bb on msci’s esg rating scale upgraded from b in november 2022 . management announced plans to invest around a quarter of its annual budgeted capex of approximately united states dollar4.5 billion toward esg initiatives over the next several years to transition from majority coal and gas-fired generation facilities to renewables, all part of a pledge to achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. we’ve been probing how the company intends to fund these plans and challenging why it is simultaneously moving ahead with a pipeline of coal-fired plants, as well as how they will impact its credit quality and its long-term esg commitments.
we understand that the more passive we are in portfolio implementation, the more active we must be in engagement.
an asset class with a high percentage of poorly ranked esg firms without plans or commitments to improve places an unrealistic burden on engagement.
we believe improvement in material esg factors can enhance companies' performance and that an open dialogue with active managers and investee companies can encourage transparency, drive change, and ultimately contribute to long-term sustainable value creation.
deanne nezas, cfa, fsa, maaa portfolio manager, global multi-asset, stewardship committee co-chair “in multi-asset, we understand that the more passive we are in portfolio implementation, the more active we must be in engagement.” case study: advocating that a us trucking company reduce emissions and improve disclosures our analysis of this passively invested us-based trucking company revealed that it lacked adequate emissions disclosures, which impeded the company's understanding of its fleet dynamics and areas of improvement.
we met with company management to advocate for increased transparency and to discuss the benefits of disclosing under the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd framework and reporting into the carbon disclosure project cdp . the company agreed that reducing emissions will enhance profit margins given that improvements in fuel efficiency of its fleet both drive profits and lower emissions.
to reduce emissions, the company maintains a young fleet of vehicles, allowing it to take advantage of improving technology.
it also is transitioning from propane to electric-powered forklifts and yard trucks in areas where electricity generation is cleaner than propane.
company management acknowledged that it has lagged on climate disclosures and is actively working toward rectifying the issue.
outcome: the company has engaged an esg consultant to assist with disclosures and a third-party engineering firm to gather data, enabling the company to report emissions and to identify critical areas of improvement.
quantifying our impact with esg data: our proprietary cross-asset-class monitoring tool if there is one impediment to matching asset managers' sustainability ambitions with reality, it's access to relevant, high-quality esg data related to their targets.
an area where we continue to identify room for significant progress is in asset managers' ability to capture precise, relevant, and comprehensive data about their own activities.
as an active manager engaging in esg-related communications with company management teams around the world, the ability to more precisely quantify and analyze our entire body of activity is imperative to measuring our true impact.
stewardship and engagement when engaging with company management teams, we always represent and advocate for our clients' best interests.
to learn more about our efforts, read our stewardship and engagement policy.
access our proxy voting policy 27 to learn more about our approach.
27 access our policies via https://www.pinebridge.com/en/about-us/corporate-responsibility board-related governance voting results 2021-2022 this table summarizes the voting results comparing pinebridge votes to iss recommendations on various board-related governance matters in 2021 and 2022. data excludes instances where management vote recommendation is "none".
esg alpha: em bonds mark the spot emerging markets are home to four-fifths of the world's population and responsible for more than two-thirds of its carbon emissions.
28 this means em countries will need significant climate financing to reduce emissions and better prepare for climate disasters.
improvements in the quality of em data reporting have made it possible for more managers focused on esg to invest in em.
this growth provides a greater platform from which we can engage with companies on sustainability issues.
it also, in our view, carries the responsibility of leadership to define well-rounded sustainability objectives and values for the benefit of our investment partners, both investors and investees.
with that in mind, we have galvanized our sustainable investment efforts in the pursuit of well-defined goals, including environmental and social sustainability, with a focus on four key un sustainable development goals see graphic . outside in: the next wave in 'greening' real estate with pinebridge benson elliot in some sectors, the costs associated with the green energy transition are some of the greatest risks that business and asset owners face today.
29 source: pinebridge investments as of 31 december 2022. pinebridge benson elliot's sustainable practices sustainable logistics and office space development 1. logistics space: the team focuses on projects designed for high environmental specifications, including a zero-carbon in-operation footprint.
this approach reduces potential future conversion costs and protects against rising energy costs.
2. office sector: pinebridge benson elliot works towards implementing breeam certifications.
these internationally recognized assurances ensure projects meet scheme requirements.
the firm emphasizes sustainable design, starting with building material choices to lower carbon intensity e.grams., using cross-laminated timber instead of concrete where appropriate . 3. sustainable office approach example: the building shown above, , exemplifies sustainable office practices.
these policies align with the un global compact, the umbrella framework for the un sdgs that are so central to our "real-world change" approach to corporate and social responsibility.
ethical business conduct the following are key aspects of pinebridge's policies on ethical business conduct: code of ethics our code of ethics prioritizes client interests.
it addresses conflicts of interest, personal trading, data security, fair dealing, anti-money laundering, political activities, confidentiality, anti-bribery, and ethical business standards.
a global economic sanctions policy ensures compliance with applicable sanctions lists.
a firmwide financial crimes control framework integrates compliance controls into enterprise risk monitoring and management, adhering to the most stringent compliance control standards.
climate policy our climate change policy is centered on modifying our business activities to support carbon reduction, engaging with portfolio companies to improve their approach to sustainability, and finding opportunities with companies that demonstrate a prudent investment opportunity along with a path toward supporting global carbon neutrality.
read our climate policy 33 to learn more.
we are committed to acting ethically to protect human rights and to combat slavery and human trafficking violations related to our own operations, supply chains, and services.
while we believe there is a low risk of modern slavery or human trafficking within the firm's operations or supply chain, we maintain ongoing due diligence of both our internal processes and material outsourced third-party functions.
we have also implemented firm-wide mandatory employee training programs on the issues of modern slavery and human trafficking.
risk management managing and mitigating risks is a top priority and a key area of oversight by our board of directors.
pinebridge's global risk committee reports to the board and is tasked with identifying, assessing, and managing risks across the firm.
co-chaired by the chief operating officer and the chief finance and risk officer, the committee comprises senior representatives from the it, compliance, investment, legal, and operations departments, providing a comprehensive and multi-faceted view of critical business areas.
33 source: pinebridge investments' climate policy november 2021 . https://www.pinebridge.com/ assets/pdfs/pinebridge-climate-policy nov-2021.pdf business continuity pinebridge maintains full business continuity capabilities for its critical office locations.
stewardship and engagement policy our stewardship and engagement policy sets forth how pinebridge endeavors to interact with companies, entities, and other market participants on esg issues.
to learn more about our approach, read our stewardship and engagement policy.
access our proxy voting policy 35 to learn more about our approach.
quote from william corson, global head of compliance "at our firm, trust is the most important currency.
holding ourselves accountable is not just about meeting regulatory requirements but demonstrating that we always act in the best interests of our investors.
by prioritizing responsible practices in all aspects of our business, we can build a stronger, more resilient organization that is better equipped to meet the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow.
we hope that this report has provided you with a comprehensive overview of our progress toward becoming a more responsible and sustainable firm.
with a focus on resilience and responsibility, we are confident in our ability to create positive change and make a lasting impact.
we draw on the collective power of our experts in each discipline, market, and region of the world through an open culture of collaboration designed to identify the best ideas.
our mission is to exceed clients' expectations on every level, every day.
