to tackle with the crisis, the central government has implemented a series of stringent measures to contain the epidemic.
chongqing silo city chongqing silo city is located in beibei district, chongqing.
the group's interest was restricted to affordable houses, with a total site area and gfa of approximately 61,700 sq.meter.
employees and remuneration policy as at 31 march 2022, the group had approximately 70 employees 2021: 85 employees in the prc and hong kong.
the related employees' cost including the directors' remuneration for the year amounted to approximately hong kong dollar48.0 million 2021: hong kong dollar57.5 million . employees are remunerated based on their work performance, skills and experience, and prevailing industry practice.
apart from basic salary and performance related bonus, the group also provides other benefits to its employees including mandatory provident fund, medical insurance coverage and housing allowances.
environmental, social and governance report introduction this environmental, social and governance “esg” report the “esg report” demonstrates the group’s concept and practice for sustainable development and social responsibility to its stakeholders from both environmental and social aspects.
the esg governance structure the group combines a top-down strategy with bottom-up processes of operations departments for the esg issues.
the board, in close interaction with the senior management, believes that those important esg issues are relevant to organizational and management needs and oversees those important esg issues.
the board is responsible for overseeing the esg policy of the group while the senior management of the group is responsible for the implementation of related policies and measures, to ensure the efficacy of risk management and corresponding internal control mechanisms is in place in respect of esg, with an aim to promoting the sustainable development of the group.
managing organisation the board responsibilities: the highest decision-maker of esg issues, which takes full responsibility for the esg strategies and reporting.
organisational tasks: developing esg management approaches, strategies, and goals.
stakeholder engagement we believe that building trusted relationships with stakeholders of the group is key to sustainable business growth.
we have been building a strong rapport with our stakeholders, including customers, investors, employees, business partners, shareholders, regulators, and government agencies.
stakeholder engagement and expectations stakeholders: shareholders and investors, communication channels: general meetings and other shareholders' meetings; financial reports, announcements and circulars; company website; emails, expectations: investment returns; corporate governance; transparency of the company's information, management response: ensure transparency and efficient communications through different communication channels table end.
in light of two dimensions, namely “importance to stakeholders” and “importance to corporate sustainability”, the group has identified major esg issues, formulated a matrix of key topics, and guided future sustainability management based on data analysis results from the questionnaires combining various channels such as the macro background of corporate development, domestic and international social responsibility standards, corporate development strategies and operation priorities, and industry benchmarks.
20. environmental, social and governance report the following sets forth the esg issues that were important to the group during fy2022 based on the materiality assessment conducted by the board.
a. environmental a1.
emissions the group has proactively enhanced its establishment of environmental protection and organised all of its employees to learn the laws and regulations regarding environmental protection, with an aim to promoting employees' awareness of environment protection and emission reduction issues.
to set up a harmonious and healthy working environment and protect the health of its employees, smoking is prohibited in all office areas of the group.
moreover, the group has actively responded to the global development of a low-carbon economy and fulfilled its corporate social responsibilities that it has formulated the “environmental management work plan”.
while improving operational efficiency, the group also strives to reduce the impact of its business operations on the environment and actively promotes sustainable development.
the group adopts the principles of “prevention first and combination of prevention and control” and “enhancement in process control” throughout its environmental protection practices.
to strengthen the awareness of environmental protection among all employees, the group also promptly organised relevant learning and training sessions regarding the laws and regulations of the “environment protection law”, “water pollution prevention and control law”, “air pollution prevention and control law”, and “solid waste pollution prevention and control law”, thereby further increasing all employees’ awareness on issues concerning environmental protection and carbon reduction.
air emissions all of the group’s real estate development projects are outsourced to third-party contractors.
therefore, the group did not directly produce air, water and construction waste caused by construction projects.
air emissions were mostly generated by the use of the company’s vehicles.
summary of exhaust gas emissions performances are as follows: table: exhaust gas emissions 2021-2022 indicator: diesel sulfur oxides, 2022: 0.35, 2021: 0.51, unit: ton indicator: gasoline sulfur oxides, 2022: -, 2021: 0.51, unit: ton indicator: total sulfur oxides, 2022: 0.35, 2021: 0.51, unit: ton table end.
greenhouse gases “greenhouse gas” emissions the group advocated energy saving and energy consumption reduction.
committed to reducing the group's greenhouse gas emissions, the group has set a target to reduce 10% of its greenhouse gas emissions intensity by the financial year ending 31 march 2025 “fy2025” , using fy2021 as the baseline year.
to achieve this target, the group reduced the use of air-conditioners as far as possible, by monitoring and maintaining the indoor temperature at 26°c or above.
also, as much as possible energy-saving light bulbs have been adopted and the making use of natural lighting has been optimised in the office area.
due to covid-19, electricity consumption levels and the frequency of company's vehicle use were reduced.
subsequently, as employees began to return to work under the staggered work schedule, we were able to maintain optimal levels of electricity consumption and the frequency of company's vehicle use.
summary of greenhouse gas emissions performances are as follows: table: greenhouse gas emissions performance indicator: direct greenhouse gas emissions scope 1 , 2022: 7.35, 2021: 9.80, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes indicator: indirect greenhouse gas emissions scope 2 , 2022: 32.02, 2021: 42.13, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes indicator: total greenhouse gas emissions, 2022: 39.37, 2021: 51.93, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes indicator: total greenhouse gas emissions intensity, 2022: 0.015, 2021: 0.026, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/sq.meter.
sewage discharges into water and land owing to the group's business nature, discharges into land and water were insignificant.
waste management to minimise the environmental impacts of wastes generated from the group's business operations, the group has set a target to reduce 10% of its non-hazardous waste intensity by fy2025, using fy2021 as the baseline year.
to achieve this target, the group continues to place great effort in raising the awareness of its employees on the importance of managing the disposals of consumables and used papers.
the group has promoted a centralised management of recycle and reuse of used papers, and the separation of disposal of office waste and rubbish.
summary of major hazardous and non-hazardous wastes disposal performances are as follows: table: hazardous waste disposal performance indicator: fluorescent light tube, 2022: 0.02, 2021: 0.03, unit: ton indicator: waste battery, 2022: 0.02, 2021: 0.04, unit: ton indicator: waste liquid after facilities maintenance, 2022: 0.01, 2021: 0.01, unit: ton indicator: total hazardous waste, 2022: 0.05, 2021: 0.08, unit: ton indicator: total hazardous waste density, 2022: 0.00003, 2021: 0.00004, unit: ton/sq.meter table end.
environmental, social and governance report waste management 2022 vs 2021 table: waste generation by type indicator: waste paper, 2022: 0.01, 2021: 0.01, unit: ton indicator: waste metal, 2022: 0.03, 2021: 0.05, unit: ton indicator: waste plastic, 2022: 0.01, 2021: 0.01, unit: ton indicator: waste glass, 2022: 0.01, 2021: 0.01, unit: ton indicator: total non-hazardous waste, 2022: 0.06, 2021: 0.08, unit: ton indicator: total non-hazardous waste density, 2022: 0.00002, 2021: 0.00004, unit: ton/sq.meter table end.
adhering to the principles of “prevention first and combination of prevention and control” and “enhancement in process control” throughout its environmental protection practices, the group thoroughly implemented environmental protection law of the prc.
to strengthen the awareness of environmental protection among all employees, the group also promptly organised relevant learning and training sessions regarding the laws and regulations of the "environment protection law”,“water pollution prevention and control law”,“air pollution prevention and control law” and “solid waste pollution prevention and control law”, thereby further increasing all employees' awareness on issues concerning environmental protection and carbon reduction.
energy consumption the group has committed to promoting the reduction mechanism of electricity consumption by setting an energy target to reduce 10% of its energy consumption intensity by fy2025, using fy2021 as the baseline year.
water consumption the group advocated economic use of water and strives to further reduce water consumption by setting an energy target to reduce 10% of its water consumption intensity by fy2025, using fy2021 as the baseline year.
the group has been vigorously advocating for water conservation, encouraging all employees to develop a habit of saving water, and guiding employees to use water reasonably.
the group has taken water saving measures by conducting systematic spot checks of water use daily.
a summary of water consumption performance is as follows: indicator: total water consumption, 2022: 582, 2021: 776.3, unit: ton indicator: total water consumption density, 2022: 0.15, 2021: 0.19, unit: ton/sq.meter.
owing to the group's business nature, the group did not encounter any problem in sourcing water that was fit for purpose.
environment and natural resources office supplies and equipment have been preferably restricted to purchasing from suppliers complying with environmental policy.
the group has adopted the policy of procuring requisite products made of natural resources as far as possible.
the group has assigned dedicated personnel to carry out regular checks on total energy consumption and conducted assessments of consumption efficiency on an irregular basis with a view to improving energy consumption efficiency.
in 2004, the group was a prime mover in the establishment of the first nationwide strategic alliance on “healthy residence” with the china national engineering research center for human settlements.
the "coastal healthy residence evaluation standards” comprises ten categories of indicators: 1. community planning and spatial organisation 2. green facilities and environmental protection 3. outdoor ecological protection and landscape 4. living quality and comfort 5. architectural energy efficiency and low carbon 6. water resources protection and energy conservation 7. materials conservation and environmental protection 8. green construction and management 9. green interior design and health 10. property management and community culture environmental, social and governance report the “coastal healthy residence evaluation standards” are used to determine the standards required for the group's various products.
structure of coastal healthy residence technology systems four core systems: 20 sub-systems and 10 core technologies, healthy community products system: 1. basement lighting control and intelligent management 2. sewage treatment and water reuse technology 3. environmental pollution prevention, control and warning technology, etc., healthy community activities system: 1. community healthcare service 2. fitness environment control, etc., healthy living technologies system: 1. fresh air system 2. water supply technology 3. floor and wall acoustic technology, etc. solar hot water, same-floor drainage, external shading, household centralized air-conditioning constant temperature, humidity and oxygen , etc., exquisite amenities application system: 1. non-return valve environmental friendly construction materials, centralised dust absorption, water conservation instruments, indoor pest prevention and treatment, air-quality monitoring, energy efficient lighting, overall kitchen, overall bathroom, etc. four core systems: 60 application technologies, healthy community products system: technology for the prevention and treatment of rats, bedbugs, flies and mosquitoes; three-dimensional wall and roof greening, ecological water treatment, plant air purification technology, etc., healthy community activities system: residential health insurance, environmental health control, nurture environment building, community environmental art, communication space and community cultural activities, etc. “healthy residence” is a self-developed concept of the group.
the group is also committed to integrating its self-developed healthy residence standards with the national and international green standards, including the national green building system.
in 2005, the group was one of the first chinese real estate enterprises to join the u.s. green building council, while the group's beijing silo city project was the first project in china to apply the leadership in energy and environmental design for neighbourhood development certification.
environmental, social and governance report the group has gained much positive media coverage for its efforts in healthy and environmentally friendly housing development.
external certification and recognition is not the only indication of the group's commitment to a green living concept.
according to surveys conducted on potential buyers, the group's green and healthy residence concept is a prime factor in purchase decisions.
a4 climate change climate change has gradually become an important threat to the global economy and society.
deteriorating climate conditions floods, rainstorms, and droughts triggered by climate change have brought many challenges to the ecological environment and business operations.
the chinese government has actively participated in climate change governance and promoted the construction of ecological civilization, complying with the commitments of the paris agreement.
in 2020, prc announced a strengthened climate target intended nationally determined contributions , aiming to reach carbon peak by 2030 and achieve carbon neutrality by 2060. regulatory authorities and capital markets are gradually imposing stricter requirements for information disclosure related to climate.
in this context, the group actively studies government strategies and policies in response to climate change.
the group prevents the effects of environmental and climate changes on operational risks e.grams., extreme weather damaging equipment and increasing operating costs . the group promotes fine business practices, implements quality control measures, and enhances its competitiveness.
the company studies and determines climate change risks to enhance its risk resistance.
the group promotes sustainable ecological development by implementing energy-saving and emission reduction measures, improving green operation capabilities, and exploring emission reduction goals.
b. social b1 employment the group has built a solid human resources base with an effective talent building management system.
this system comprises comprehensive human resources policies covering employment, promotion, skills and knowledge development, remuneration, leaves, equal opportunities, and employee welfare.
these policies balance the needs of dynamic development between the group and its employees.
employees are encouraged to incorporate their individual personal goals into the group's long-term development.
coastal greenland limited annual report 2021/22 recruitment, dismissal and compensation the group seeks to employ and develop high-calibre talents and has established a team of elite and talent reserve preparing for corporate development.
according to the overall requirements of the group's "talent development mechanism", the group will select and employ outstanding graduates from domestic and overseas colleges to form project management teams to carry out business operations.
as at 31 march 2022, the group had a total of 70 2021: 85 full-time employees.
the group upholds the principle of equality and dedication and fully understands the needs of the employees and supports their career development.
the group will look after the benefits of the employees such as proper transfer of personnel files and social insurance accounts for employees who terminated their labour contract on a voluntary basis.
during fy2022, there were 18 2021: 18 employees leaving the group, with the overall turnover of about 21.17% 2021: 19.46% . the breakdown of employee turnover according to gender, age distribution and geographical region were as follows: environmental, social and governance report table: staff distribution by gender, age, and region 2021-2022 indicator: by gender indicator: male, 2022: 16.47, 2021: 12.97, unit: % indicator: female, 2022: 4.70, 2021: 6.49, unit: % indicator: by age distribution indicator: under 30, 2022: 1.18, 2021: 1.08, unit: % indicator: 30 to 50, 2022: 14.11, 2021: 17.30, unit: % indicator: above 50, 2022: 5.88, 2021: 1.08, unit: % indicator: by geographical region indicator: southern china region, 2022: 10.59, 2021: 17.30, unit: % indicator: northern china region, 2022: 10.58, 2021: 2.16, unit: % table end.
on the other hand, the performance assessment mechanism has played an important role in identifying well-performed organization and talents, which form a basis for implementing motivating and reward measures.
as such, the group has further strengthened its talent assessment mechanism.
through various tools such as “core quality and ability model”, “position characteristics and quality model”, the group has a comprehensive mechanism for examining and selecting its staff to fit into different positions and levels, creating and forming a equal and fair competition environment.
working hours and leaves in order to ensure the reasonable working periods and hours of training per employee of employees, the group has established “ordinary management system for staff” according to the related laws and regulations whereby a five-day work system and 8-hour standard working hour system are implemented in the office.
any overtime work of employees are provided with overtime pay or compensatory leave according to the system.
in addition, permanent staff of the group are entitled to paid holidays such as statutory holidays, annual leave, marital leave and maternity leave, family planning leave, breastfeeding leave and bereavement leave, etc. other benefits by complying with the legal requirements and general welfare systems of different cities, the group has made contributions to basic social welfare insurances such as basic endowment, basic medical, unemployment, work injury, childbirth and others, housing fund and other benefits, with an aim to improving the endowment and medical insurance for its staff.
environmental, social and governance report health and other benefits health and other benefits offered to employees as incentives include traffic accident insurance, annual medical check-ups, meal allowances, and holiday benefits.
the group has been accoladed with the "china's best employer 2007-08" award.
staff care and activities the group values and cares for its staff.
through providing various recreational activities e.grams., leisure tours, birthday parties, sports equipment, and facilities like treadmills and cycle machines , the group enhances loyalty and fosters a sense of belonging and team spirit.
based on the principles of equality, openness, and fairness, the group considers candidate calibre and position requirements, disregarding race, social status, nationality, religion, physical disabilities, sexual orientation, union membership, and relationships with government departments when making decisions on employment, remuneration, training, promotion, demotion, or retirement.
health and safety the group attaches great importance to employee health and safety, strictly managing occupational health in accordance with the labour law of the prc, the regulation on work injury insurance, and other national laws and regulations.
the group provides comprehensive protection plans, including free annual medical examinations and accidental injury insurance, and reasonable attendance and leave measures to ensure employees can focus on health rehabilitation.
environmental, social and governance report in order to reduce occupational hazard, prevent occupational diseases and protect the health and relevant rights and interests of employees, the group strictly abides by the law of occupational disease prevention and treatment of the prc, and provides its employees with a working environment and condition that meets the requirements of occupational health.
the principle of safety first and people-oriented has been rooted in the entire operation and management activities of the group's entire business in line with the strict requirements of the “safety culture management practice guidelines”.
safety education training policies and operation manual were established to clearly define the posts, staff and content in respect of safety education.
staff engaged in special operations are required to operate according to the standard operating procedures, to wear and use safety protective equipment correctly and carry out maintenance and pre-job checks on work tools and equipment.
during the year, no work-related fatalities with regard to occupational health and safety were reported and there were no lost days due to injury.
response to covid-19 pandemic during the covid-19, the group strictly implemented the epidemic prevention policies of various local governments and adopted appropriate office epidemic prevention measures to ensure that employees were protected from the epidemic and to maintain normal office operations.
the group has issued reminders to its employees to remind them the importance of practicing and maintaining good personal hygiene.
during the epidemic, the group took the initiative to implementing flexible work arrangements so as to protect its employees from exposing to the social crowd contact and infection risk.
the group also reduces face-to-face meetings by using video conferencing so as to reinforce social distancing practice.
b3 development and training employee development and training as the group attaches great importance to talents, it integrates the concept of employee cultivation into talent development, which offers training opportunities to employees, actively creates favorable circumstance for the growth and development of employees, and thus liberalise talents' potential to an optimal extent.
the group implements the “training management system of the group” continuously aiming to strengthening the development for all its employees on an ongoing basis.
each business unit regularly conducts training activities according to a pre-scheduled training program and the human resources department will do the assessment based on the training activities conducted such as frequency of the training classes scheduled, training attendances, results of tests and employee training duration etc. employee training and development fy2022 during fy2022, the group's employees received an average of approximately 42.92 2021: 44.95 hours of training per employee of training and development.
table: average training hours completed by gender and category indicator: by gender indicator: male, 2022: 43.52, 2021: 43.13, unit: hours of training per employee indicator: female, 2022: 42.32, 2021: 47.32, unit: hours of training per employee indicator: by employee category indicator: senior management, 2022: 17.80, 2021: 18.90, unit: hours of training per employee indicator: middle management, 2022: 44.10, 2021: 47.32, unit: hours of training per employee indicator: general staff, 2022: 50.80, 2021: 65.12, unit: hours of training per employee table end.
to adapt to the evolving digital landscape, the group's human resources department developed an online learning system via the wechat platform.
this system offers various audio-visual resources and learning courses to help employees understand cutting-edge information on business development and management innovation.
employees can utilize their free time to select relevant learning content to enhance their skills.
b4 labour standards prevention of child and forced labour all employment of the group abides by the national laws and regulations related to employment and labour, such as the labour law of the prc and the labour contract law of the prc.
the group has also formulated the internal regulations and relevant implementation rules of the “employee change management system”.
during the recruiting process, the group shall avoid child and forced labour, safeguard the legitimate rights of employees, and ensure that the recruitment process to be fair, just, and open.
at the same time, all job applicants are required to submit their credentials, like academic qualifications, professional skill certificates, references and identity card for verification and record purpose during recruitment.
any case of child labour or forced labour, when discovered, shall be investigated and acted upon and reported to the government authorities promptly in accordance with applicable laws.
during the year, the group was not aware of any child labour employment, forced labour or other occurrences violating human rights of employees.
b5 supply chain management supplier management in order to ensure the group companies' operation of construction projects and services are carried out in an environmental friendly manner, other than the above environmental protection measures, the group also formulates policies to encourage outsourced supplier to promote fulfilment of environmental responsibility in construction and services.
the qualified suppliers in the group's supplier management information database are mainly located in the cities where business has been deployed.
environmental, social and governance report when formulating policies related to outsourced supplier selection, the group uses an evaluation mechanism that considers social responsibilities and their contribution to environmental protection, in addition to standard commercial factors like product and service quality.
the group has established the “measures for management of suppliers and procurement of the group” and a strict management process for evaluating bids from outsourced suppliers.
before selecting suppliers, the group conducts on-site inspections and detailed assessments of performance in raw material inspection, waste treatment, and quality control, using a supplier appraisal report with a rating scale a, b, c, d, and blacklist . suppliers rated as blacklist are eliminated, while those rated class d are suspended and reassessed after one year.
after construction materials are delivered to the project site, the group checks specifications, licenses, and certificates against the guidance on operation of project site materials inspection to ensure materials meet quality and environmental protection standards.
green procurement concept the group is committed to green procurement and creating a green and environmentally friendly business environment with its supply chain partners.
sustainable development standards and requirements are incorporated into material selection, and material waste and environmental pollution in construction are fully considered.
the group promotes green and low-carbon work methods, including “paperless office” and “online operation,” to improve efficiency and reduce energy consumption.
this approach is widely recognized by suppliers.
the group works with partners to build a green and sustainable social and economic environment.
these standards are established, adhering to the core philosophy of “creating excellence together with customers”, to provide customers with quality products and services.
in addition to following completion acceptance regulations issued by local governmental construction authorities, we have also established a complete set of customer acceptance and inspection procedures, covering public space, entrance space, decoration, doors and windows, kitchen space, living room parts, sanitation, and meter readings.
during fy2022, the group did not experience any leakage of customer information.
environmental, social and governance report b7 anti-corruption anti-corruption and anti-money laundering the group unswervingly complies with the criminal law of the prc, the anti-money laundering law of the prc and other national regulations in relation to anti-corruption and anti-money laundering, and formulates a series of management policies, such as the disciplinary management system of the group and the “punishment rules for typical acts of omission of leaders of the group”, with an aim to prohibiting soliciting or accepting inappropriate commercial interests, improper use and appropriation of corporate properties as well as disregard of conflict of interests.
it also welcomes all sectors of the community to report any irregularities.
all employees of the group's headquarters and subordinate companies shall comply with the conflict of interest handling principles formulated by the management and report to the company and solve potential conflict of interests in the process of work.
on the other hand, the group advocates the maintenance and compliance of business ethics and regularly carries out training and communication in order to promote the awareness of staff at all levels on anti-corruption and anti-money laundering.
during fy2022, the group conducted one 2021: one staff training on anti-corruption and anti-money laundering, with a total of 38 2021: 41 participants, covering the topics including contractual anti-bribery, internet security, critical compliance obligations, insider information control, and other common issues.
such written communications are supplemented by quarterly internal round-table management/staff conferences, in which the concerns and recommendations of the staff are carefully listened and considered by the management.
the group endeavours to protect the whistle-blower from common concerns such as victimisation and potential retaliation.
b8 community investment one of the group’s core initiatives is to create a harmonious, sustainable and healthy community.
therefore, the primary focus of the group is on the health and welfare of the local communities.
the group believes that a healthy and supportive local community is of vital importance for maintaining a stable and prosperous society.
on that basis, the group proactively devises community public services and maintains a good community partnership with them.
the group responds positively to the national strategy on addressing the housing needs of low-income groups and contributes to the development of a harmonious society.
over the past years, the group has participated in the establishment of local housing security systems during the development of its projects in cities such as beijing and anshan.
for example, in order to resolve the housing problems faced by the families in haidian district, beijing, the group undertook the construction of beijing bay project, a commodity housing project with price preset ceiling which is located in changping district, beijing.
the group has proactively responded to the government's call for protecting livelihoods and supported the government in shared housing, offering assistance to the public with rigid demand in housing.
the group has built-in social responsibility into the core value of its operations since its inception.
over the past 30 years, the group has contributed funds to many social welfare programmes, and donated tens of millions of dollars to charity organizations.
furthermore, the group has made significant donations and sponsorships to different bodies and programme organisers such as the china youth development foundation, beijing's peace and development foundation, the teachers' training programme of the coastal mental health seed fund for schools in western china, the “tsinghua university scholarship” project, and the “water cellar for mothers” project of china women's development foundation.
further information about these donations and sponsorships are detailed below: september 2014: the group donated certain audio-visual equipment, children's books, household products, sports equipment and other materials to the qiliping town center school in hongan county in hubei province.
may 2014: the group made a sponsorship donation of hong kong dollar3 million to the 2014 hong kong youth music festival ymf , aimed at promoting cross-strait asian youth cultural exchanges.
2013: through the “emergency student relief action of hope project” of the china youth development foundation, the group donated rmb500,000 to 500 needy students in the ya'an disaster area to help them resume their studies.
2010: the group sponsored beijing's peace and development foundation in its initiatives for peace and development in china, which included teachers' trainings in sichuan and xinjiang, and contributions to local work on children's mental health.
2009: the group set up the “coastal mental health seed fund for schools in western china” to assist the associated teachers' training programme.
2008: the group donated rmb2.5 million to the “tsinghua university scholarship” project to establish the “coastal-tsinghua university scholarship fund” for poor students.
the group also donated rmb1.5 million to the dujiangyan red cross for the repairing of the dujiangyan center for disease control, marking a start of the group's participation in the post-disaster reconstruction work.
2007: the group donated rmb3 million to the “water cellar for mothers” project of the china women's development foundation, under which water cellars were built in regions suffering from water shortages.
vice-chairman of the fujian province foreign enterprises association and honorary professor at wuhan university.
graduated from xi'an jiaotong university in 1997 with a bachelor's degree in computer application.
graduated from the shanghai education institute.
he had been awarded with the honours of model labour and outstanding entrepreneur of guizhou province, outstanding entrepreneur of sichuan province and outstanding entrepreneur of the construction enterprises in the prc.
corporate governance report this corporate governance report the “cg report” presents the corporate governance matters of the group during the period covering fy2022 and up to the date of this annual report in which the cg report is included the “cg period” . corporate governance practices the company acknowledges the importance of good corporate governance practices and is committed to maintaining sound internal control, transparency and accountability to all shareholders.
having made specific enquiries, all directors confirmed that they have complied with the requirements as set out in the model code during the cg period or where appropriate during his/her tenure as a director in fy2022.
relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the group are also subject to compliance with written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the model code.
the board possesses a balance of skill and experience appropriate for the group's business needs.
an updated list of directors, their roles, and functions is published on the stock exchange and company websites.
details of appointments, re-elections, and resignations are in the "report of the directors – directors" and "report of the directors – directors’ service contracts" sections pages 54 and 55 . corporate governance report independence non-executive directors the independent non-executive directors have the appropriate professional qualification and accounting and related financial management expertise as required under the listing rules.
they provide a strong support towards the effective discharge of the duties and responsibilities of the board.
the board also ensures the good corporate governance policies and practices are implemented within the group, and is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including the following: to develop and review the company's policies and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the directors and the management; to review and monitor the company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct manual applicable to employees and the directors; and to review the company's compliance with the cg code and disclosure in the cg report.
the senior management is delegated with responsibilities to lead each operating unit for implementing the strategy and direction as adopted by the board from time to time, and conducting the day-to-day operations of the group.
corporate governance report board meetings regular board meetings are held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals, with additional meetings held as necessary.
the company secretary assists the chairman in preparing the agendas for meetings and ensures that all applicable rules and regulations are complied with.
corporate governance report access to information directors at all times have full access to information of the company.
directors' continuous professional development the company will provide a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction to each newly appointed director on the first occasion of his appointment to enable him to have a proper understanding of the business and operations of the company and be fully aware of his responsibilities and obligations under statute and common law, the listing rules and other relevant regulatory requirements and especially the company's business and governance policies.
corporate governance report in 2013, the board adopted a board diversity policy and revised the nomination committee's terms of reference.
the policy aims to achieve board diversity by ensuring a balance of skills, experience, and diverse perspectives appropriate to the company's business.
candidate selection considers gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, expertise, skills, knowledge, and work history.
senior management comprised 7 males and 2 females; among the 70 full-time employees, the male-to-female ratio was approximately 1:1.
a majority are independent non-executive directors.
corporate governance report the risk management and internal audit department helps the group accomplish its objectives by employing a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of the risk management, control, and governance processes.
risk assessments are conducted semi-annually by the risk management and internal audit department, whereby risk-based internal audit plans are formulated and executed based on interviews and discussions with senior management and staff.
the risk management and internal audit department issued reports to the chairman and relevant management personnel, covering various operational, financial processes, and project management issues involving risk management.
these written communications are supplemented by quarterly internal round-table management/staff conferences, where concerns and recommendations are considered by management.
employees reporting in good faith are assured protection against unfair dismissal or victimization, even if reports are subsequently proven unsubstantiated.
inside information policy the group has implemented procedures and measures to ensure compliance with the sfo.
these include: raising awareness to preserve confidentiality of inside information within the group.
people risk a majority of the group's development projects are located in the northeast or second-tier cities of the prc.
develop a manpower plan to fulfill the human capital resource needs for the group's business strategy.
company secretary mr. cheng wing bor is the company secretary of the company, responsible directly to the board and is responsible for providing advice to the board for ensuring the board procedures are followed.
he has complied with all the qualification, experience and training requirements under the listing rules.
shareholders' communications policy the company has established and maintained various channels of communication with the shareholders to ensure that they are kept abreast of key business imperatives.
external auditors will also attend the agm and to answer any question if necessary.
shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend.
corporate governance details of the corporate governance practices of the company are set out in the corporate governance report on pages 39 to 51 of this annual report.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the hkicpa’s “code of ethics for professional accountants” the “code” , and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the code.
the audit committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.
as part of an audit in accordance with hksas, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the audit committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
ii employee leave entitlements employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized when they accrue to employees.
employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognized until the time of leave.
