meet a refreshed sing investments & finance limited over the past 60 years, sing investments & finance has served the interests of both companies and individuals with distinction and pride.
whether it is partnering with the business community to meet their aspirations or providing a safe haven for individuals to protect and grow their funds, sing investments & finance has always sought to be a trusted partner to our clients.
committed to stellar service for our customers, sing investments & finance will continue to uphold our three core values – sincerity, integrity, and flexibility – each one represented by one of the three blue hexagons of the new logo.
the gold hexagon, in gold, is symbolic of the bright and prosperous future sing investments & finance aims to create for our customers.
company's name remains the same but even as we are changing the way we look, we are still sing investments & finance limited, a name that resonates with integrity, trust, and reliability over the years.
we began our journey in 1964 as a finance company that provided a tailored, thoughtful, and trustworthy experience to small and medium enterprises.
we have grown our footprint across the island by setting up four branches in strategic locations to ensure that we are always within reach of our customers.
sincerity, integrity, and flexibility are also a crucial part of our dna and we have always subscribed to the importance of strong corporate governance.
to this end, our work in creating strong structures has been validated by multiple wins at the singapore corporate awards and securities investors association singapore investors' choice awards.
but while we have been steadfast in keeping to our values, sing investments & finance has always stayed flexible and nimble to continually adapt to the changing business landscape.
but we are clear on one thing: we will continue to seize opportunities together with our partners, stakeholders, and clients.
our vision bridging futures at singfinance, we see the possibilities of dreams.
our mission bridging futures to create opportunities for you sincerity, innovation and future are the three words that underscore everything we do.
we believe in finance that genuinely creates and brings better possibilities to you.
we work towards innovating our products and services, partnering closely with you to create new opportunities, to achieve your goals, to unlock value for greater growth.
we serve with utmost sincerity and approach every customer's needs with a listening ear.
we understand and strive to bring the best to every customer.
it is the very heart and foundation we have built over the years to galvanize the trust bestowed on us.
it is what gives our customers the peace of mind and is a value we will continue to strongly uphold.
singfinance rebranding say hello to our new brand identity this year marks our 60th anniversary as a homegrown financial institution.
having grown with singapore for six decades, we are celebrating our new chapter with something different — a refreshed identity with the abbreviated 'singfinance' brand name.
we may have digitalised our services but we are always here for you because we understand the value of friendly and personal communication.
singfinance will continue to develop its business with integrity and high standards of business ethics, be responsive to its customers’ needs and provide flexible financing solutions to address their financing needs and be their go-to financial partner.
awards singfinance is honoured to have been recognised for its achievements in the industry.
2023 the edge centurion club awards in banking & investments services + collective investments + fintech & infrastructure + insurance sector : highest returns to shareholders over 3 years highest growth in profit after tax over 3 years overall sector winner singapore corporate awards 2023 in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category : best managed board award gold best risk management award gold best annual report award bronze singapore governance and transparency index special commendation award small cap 2022 sias investors' choice awards 2022 – small cap : singapore corporate governance award – runner-up shareholder communications excellence award - winner singapore corporate awards 2022 – best managed board award silver in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category 2021 singapore corporate awards 2021 – special edition corporate excellence and resilience award sias investors' choice awards 2021 – singapore corporate governance award small cap - winner singapore governance and transparency index special commendation award small cap 2019 singapore corporate awards 2019 – in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category : mr lee sze leong, best chief executive officer winner best risk management merit sias investors' choice awards 2019 – singapore corporate governance award small cap – runner up 2018 sias investors' choice awards 2018 – singapore corporate governance award small cap – winner 2017 sias investors' choice awards 2017 – singapore corporate governance award small cap – winner 2016 singapore corporate awards 2016 – best managed board award gold in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category singapore governance and transparency forum 2016 – special commendation award small cap 2015 singapore corporate awards 2015 - best managed board award bronze in the less than $300 million market capitalisation category chairman's statement "we are excited to unveil our new identity – singfinance – and new corporate logo that symbolises our dedication and commitment to our core values." on behalf of the board, i am pleased to present the annual report of the group and the company for the financial year ended 31 december 2023. celebrating a milestone founded in 1964, and listed on the sgx main board since 1983, sing investments & finance limited celebrates its 60th anniversary this year.
we are proud to be a member of singapore's financial community, serving our customers for six decades.
we have been honoured with numerous accolades that acknowledge our excellence in corporate governance.
introducing singfinance we have recently unveiled our new corporate identity – singfinance – and a new corporate logo that embodies our dedication to the values that have contributed to our success and continue to underpin the next phase of our growth.
as singfinance, we will remain your trusted partner and friend.
we will continue to serve our customers with the same enthusiasm and commitment that has been our hallmark.
we will continue to help our customers succeed and strive to preserve the trust and reputation that we have developed with our stakeholders.
at the heart of it is our original star of excellence.
the recognition by sca is a testament to our commitment to upholding the trust and confidence of our stakeholders through the highest standards of corporate governance.
chairman's statement in addition, we retained the 11th position out of 474 listed companies assessed in the 2023 singapore governance transparency index survey.
as we celebrate our 60th anniversary, we reflect on our digital journey with pride.
additionally, we collaborated with government agencies to launch eguarantee@gov and the housing loan application service for hdb flats to provide a streamlined user experience for our customers.
environmental risk and climate change singapore's 3rd climate change study issued in january 2024 projects more profound changes in key climate variables than previously estimated.
heavy rains and dry spells are expected to intensify, with more very hot days expected.
fighting climate change has become an even more pressing issue.
singfinance takes our role in combating climate change seriously.
in 2023, we conducted our first climate scenario analysis to assess the impact of climate change on our assets and operations.
understanding the potential outcomes under different climate pathways helps the board to make informed business decisions, develop risk mitigation strategies and improve our asset resilience.
additionally, we have added "low carbon transition" as a material esg factor and lifted "valuing environment" to be the first and most critical sustainability pillar details can be found in the sustainability report . as a responsible corporate citizen and prudent steward of our assets, we will continue to enhance our capabilities in climate risk mitigation and improve our asset resilience.
we will do our part in developing a more sustainable business and contribute to singapore's efforts in addressing climate risk.
appreciation as we commemorate our 60th anniversary, i would like to express our heartfelt appreciation to all our customers and business partners for standing by us over the past decades.
your support means a lot to us and motivates us to work harder to serve you even better.
integrity built over the years to galvanize the trust bestowed on us, integrity underscores everything we do to give our customers peace of mind.
www.singfinance.com.sg singfinance logo bridging futures & 8482; singfinance sing investments & finance limited corporate governance statement sing investments & finance limited “singfinance” or the “company” believes that strong and effective corporate governance is vital to protect the interests of all stakeholders of the company and to enhance long-term shareholder value.
our corporate governance policies and practices are reviewed regularly to take into account changes in corporate governance best practices.
singfinance has received accolades for our achievements in corporate governance practices.
for the financial year ended 31 december 2023 “fy2023” , singfinance has complied with and adhered to the spirit of the code of corporate governance issued on 6 august 2018 the “code” in its corporate governance practices.
our corporate governance practices described in this report demonstrate the board of directors’ “board” application of good governance which is underpinned by sound risk management and robust internal controls with reference to the code.
our corporate governance framework the foundation of singfinance’s corporate governance structure is supported by 3 key pillars as follows: 1. the board 2. the board committees – comprising the following: audit committee “ac” risk management committee “rmc” nominating committee “nc” remuneration committee “rc” 3. controls functions by the following key departments: risk management department compliance department internal audit department singfinance’s “3 pillars of corporate governance” is designed to assist the board in assessing and monitoring the company’s performance and compliance with the code and the guidelines on corporate governance.
key principles guiding the board the following key principles guide the board in ensuring effective corporate governance: leadership and strategy to establish and document the company’s medium and long-term strategic plans and review the results periodically against the strategic plans; to formalise terms of reference for the board and delegated board committees; to establish channels for whistle-blowing and feedback; and to establish a policy and plan for board renewal and succession planning.
accountability and audit to ensure independence of the ac and that the members of the ac are suitably qualified to discharge their responsibilities; to ensure independence of the risk management, compliance and internal audit functions in order for them to carry out their respective responsibilities effectively; and to ensure that a sound system of internal controls is maintained and monitored.
board matters principle 1: the board’s conduct of affairs board responsibility the board is responsible for overseeing and managing the company’s business and is accountable to shareholders for creating shareholder value within a framework that protects the rights and interests of shareholders.
the board acts objectively in the best interests of the company and holds management corporate governance statement accountable for performance, the board ensures an appropriate balance between promoting long-term business strategies and delivering short-term objectives.
identifying key stakeholder groups : recognizing that their perceptions affect the company's reputation, ensuring transparency and accountability.
setting the company's values, code of conduct, and standards : ensuring obligations to shareholders and stakeholders are understood and met.
maintaining a culture of integrity : reviewing and monitoring internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and compliance.
ensuring directors recuse themselves : from discussions and decisions where a potential conflict of interests exists.
board induction and training board induction, regular training, and continuous development programs are essential to equip all directors including executive, non-executive, and independent directors with the appropriate skills and knowledge to understand the company's business and operating environment and perform their roles effectively.
department heads conduct presentations to enable a better understanding of the business and operations.
in-house training on "anti-bribery and corruption," "fraud," "mas enforcement report 2022-2023," and "cybersecurity architecture principles" were conducted in 2023 for directors.
the courses helped equip directors with appropriate skills and knowledge to better discharge their responsibilities as members of the board and board committees.
the nc has assessed and is satisfied that the training, courses and seminars attended by the directors in fy2023 have adequately fulfilled their purposes.
delegation by the board the board delegates authority and powers to board committees to oversee specific responsibilities without abdicating its responsibilities.
these board committees have clear written terms of reference setting out their compositions, authorities and duties.
they report to the board periodically to enable the board to better discharge its stewardship and fiduciary responsibilities.
meetings of the board and board committees the board met 4 times in fy2023.
board papers are circulated to directors for review before the board meeting.
table: attendance at board and board committee meetings fy2023 board/board committees: no.
of meetings held, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : 4, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr michael lau hwai keong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr lee sze leong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : –, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : –, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr lee sze siong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : –, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : –, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr joseph toh kian leong, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : 4, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: 2, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: ms quan wai yee, board 1 : 4, audit committee 2 : 4, risk management committee: 4, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 3, annual general meeting agm : 1 board/board committees: mr kuah boon wee, board 1 : 3, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: –, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : –, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : –, annual general meeting agm : – board/board committees: mr chee jin kiong, board 1 : 2, audit committee 2 : –, risk management committee: –, nominating committee: –, remuneration committee 3 : 1, non-executive directors' meeting without presence of management 4 : 1, annual general meeting agm : 1 table end.
4 inclusive of meetings with external and internal auditors.
corporate governance statement access to information prior to each board meeting, the management provides the board with information relevant to matters on the agenda for the board meeting on a timely basis.
the board has separate and independent access to senior management and the company secretary at all times.
procedures are also in place for directors and the board committees, where necessary, to seek independent professional advice at the company's expense.
company secretary at least one of the company secretaries attends the board meetings and is responsible for, among other things, ensuring that board procedures are observed and that the board is in compliance with relevant regulatory and legal requirements, particularly under the companies act and the sgx rulebooks.
the company secretaries also record the minutes of board meetings.
principle 2: board composition and guidance the board, through the nc, strives to ensure that there is an independent element and diverse composition on the board to facilitate effective decision making.
the nc has ascertained that a majority of the board members are independent.
the nc also examines the skill sets and core competencies of all board members to ensure there is diversity of skills and experience among the directors.
corporate governance statement the nc seeks to ensure that the size of the board is conducive for effective discussion and decision-making, and that the board has an appropriate number of independent directors.
taking into account the scope and nature of singfinance's operations and the number of board committees, the board, in concurrence with the nc, is of the view that a board size of at least six 6 directors with a majority of members being independent is appropriate and necessary.
diversity singfinance has in place a board diversity policy and the nc is responsible for setting the relevant objectives that promote and ensure diversity on the board.
the board understands and embraces the benefits of having diversity and views board diversity as important to achieving the company's business objectives.
differences in background, skills, experience, knowledge, gender, and other relevant qualities will be taken into consideration in determining the composition of the board.
the appointment of directors should reflect a need to add complementary skills and experience to the board.
the board believes that all board appointments should be made on the basis of merit, with due regard to diversity.
the board is of the view that gender is an important aspect of diversity.
our plan is to upkeep this ongoing effort to promote gender diversity.
the main objective of the board diversity policy is to maintain an appropriate balance and diversity of experience, skills, gender, knowledge, and attributes among the directors.
rounded to 2 decimal places.
rounded to 2 decimal places.
board independence independent: 67.67% non-independent: 33.33% rounded to 2 decimal places.
corporate governance statement the chairman and managing director/ceo of the company are separate persons and are not related.
the roles of the chairman and the managing director/ceo are deliberately kept distinct through a clear division of responsibilities to ensure effective oversight, appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the board for independent decision making.
as non-executive and independent chairman of the board, he has the overall responsibility for the leadership of the board.
his key roles include: leading the board to ensure its effectiveness on all aspects of its roles and setting its agenda for board meetings; ensuring that the directors receive relevant information in a timely manner; ensuring effective communication with shareholders; encouraging constructive relations between the board and management; facilitating the effective contribution by non-executive directors; encouraging constructive relations between executive directors and non-executive directors; promoting high standards of corporate governance; and promoting a culture of openness and discussion at the board.
he also ensures that the directors are kept updated and informed of the company's business and operations.
the main terms of reference of the nc are as follows: to assess and recommend candidates for appointment and re-appointment on the board and board committees; to determine annually whether a director is independent.
the composition of the board is reviewed regularly to ensure that it has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience.
the selection and appointment process of new directors to the board is reviewed, formalized and endorsed by the board.
the formal and transparent procedures for the selection and appointment of new directors to the board help to promote understanding and confidence in the process.
diversity of experience and appropriate skills which are considered in the selection process include leadership, banking and finance industry experience, management expertise and knowledge in accounting, internal controls, compliance and risk management.
in addition, the nc takes into consideration the current board size and its mix, the additional skills and experience that will enhance the competencies and effectiveness of the board.
the board diversity policy provides that the nc shall endeavour to include female candidates for consideration when identifying candidates to be appointed as new directors.
the nc identifies and shortlists potential candidates for interview.
the nc then proceeds to assess the suitability of the candidates based on the following criteria before recommending the appointment to the board: independence whether the candidate can fulfil the monetary authority of singapore’s “mas” fit and proper guidelines other directorships held ability to commit sufficient time to the affairs of the company contribution to the overall balance of the composition of the board age, experience, track record and other relevant factors as determined by the nc the fit and proper test assesses the candidate based on honesty, integrity and reputation, competence and capability and financial soundness.
in recommending the directors to stand for re-election, the nc takes into consideration such director’s contribution and performance.
the assessment parameters include time commitment, attendance record, preparedness and intensity of participation at meetings of the board and its board committees.
as part of the review process, the nc decides on the commitment level of the director and whether he/she has been able to adequately carry out the responsibilities required of him/her as a director.
some of these guidelines include: a number of board memberships carrying out the duties and fulfilling the responsibilities of a director requires a significant commitment of an individual's time and attention.
the nc and the board are of the view that each director has been able to diligently discharge his/her duties.
corporate governance statement alternate directors singfinance has no alternate directors on its board.
succession planning for the board and key management personnel the nc conducts an annual review of succession planning to ensure the continuity of leadership for key board members and key management personnel.
the nc also reviews the board, board committees and individual director evaluation results for identification of candidates for appointment and retirement.
through careful consideration, the nc ensures that an effective board renewal and succession planning process is in place.
principle 5: board performance the nc ensures that the board consists of directors that possess the necessary experience, knowledge and skills required by the business so as to enable the board to make sound and well-considered decisions.
a consolidated report is prepared based on the responses from all directors and is discussed in the nc meeting and reviewed by the board.
the self-assessment criteria proposed by nc and approved by the board for assessment of board committee’s performance include: composition and quality including the independence, quality and skill sets ; committee responsibilities as required by the code and regulatory requirements; meeting and procedures; and overall assessment.
the board and the board committees have met the performance objectives for fy2023.
in addition, the nc also considers specific expertise of the individual director from the legal, business and risk perspectives.
in the process, areas for improvement are identified to enhance the effectiveness of the board and its various committees.
the primary role of the rc under its terms of reference is to assist the board in the following: to assist the board to minimize the risk of any potential conflict of interests by putting in place a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on executive remuneration and for determining the remuneration packages of individual directors and ensuring that no director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration; to review and make recommendations to the board on the group's general framework of remuneration or specific remuneration packages if any for the board and key management personnel with the aim of being fair and to avoid rewarding poor performance; to review the adequacy, fairness and terms of compensation for each of the directors, the ceo and key management personnel to ensure that the compensation is commensurate with the duties, responsibilities and risks involved in being an effective director, ceo or key management personnel; and to review the company's obligations arising in the event of termination of the executive directors' contract of service, to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous.
when reviewing the structure and level of directors’ fees, the rc takes into consideration the directors’ respective roles and responsibilities in the board and board committees.
the fixed component of the compensation package includes base salary inclusive of employer’s cpf and other allowance and benefits such as medical, car programme allowance and club membership allowance.
the performance targets will be set by the rc depending on each individual participant’s job scope and responsibilities.
accountability and audit principle 9: risk management and internal controls risk governance the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
under the group’s risk governance framework, the board has the overall responsibility for providing leadership, articulating the risk appetite and tolerance levels and ensuring that a robust risk management and compliance culture prevails.
the board is assisted by the rmc to oversee the development of a robust enterprise wide risk management “ewrm” framework, system, policies and processes which are aligned with the strategic direction set by the board, to identify and manage the material business risks as well as to establish kris, risk tolerance and internal limits to guide risk-taking activities of the group.
the ewrm now also covers the group’s environmental and climate risk management.
risk management committee the rmc is a board risk committee and is chaired by non-executive and independent director, mr michael lau hwai keong, and comprises ms quan wai yee non-executive and independent director , mr lee sze leong managing director/ceo , mr lee sze siong deputy managing director and heads of risk management, compliance, product management, finance and treasury/branches departments.
the risk management department assists the rmc in providing oversight of the development and implementation of risk models, monitoring limits set by the board, reporting risk measurements, gap analysis, risk profiling, stress testing and control systems, risk limits breaches, highlighting exceptions and deviations, providing risk assessments, risk strategies and recommendations for deliberations and decision making.
the board is responsible for approving the appointment, appraisal, resignation or dismissal of the head of risk management department.
corporate governance statement compliance department the compliance department assists the rmc by ensuring that the company, management and staff continuously observe all policies and guidelines set by the board and comply with applicable laws, regulations, regulatory guidelines and professional standards, including those for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism.
the compliance department reports independently to the rmc.
in addition, it encourages sound business practices and decision making that adequately balances risk and reward.
the group's ewrm framework establishes the governance, accountability, policies and processes to ensure that major risk types and exposures are identified, measured, managed, controlled and reported.
the framework provides the board and management with the necessary tools to anticipate and manage both the existing and potential risks.
they are to ensure issues relating to risk, regulatory compliance and internal controls are addressed before submission to the rmc for approval.
there are also no images, footnotes, or additional annotations to extract.
corporate governance statement enterprise wide risk management framework the diagram shows the framework's structure, illustrating the flow of risk management responsibilities from the board of directors to various committees, departments, and units within the organization.
accountability the board provides shareholders with the group's half-yearly and annual financial results.
the compliance department, with a direct reporting line to the rmc, ensures compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements.
mr. kuah boon wee is a fellow of the institute of institute name is missing . corporate governance statement chartered accountants of england and wales.
in discharging its oversight role, the ac is authorised and empowered to investigate any matter within its terms of reference and has full access to and cooperation of the management.
the ac holds meetings with the internal auditors and external auditors at least once a year without the presence of management.
corporate governance statement internal audit department effective risk management and internal control are vital to the effective execution of the company's business strategy.
the ac ensures that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the company.
the internal auditors have unfettered access to the ac, the board and the management where necessary, as well as the right to seek information and explanations from relevant parties in carrying out their function.
management is responsible for addressing issues identified by the internal auditors.
the ac is responsible for approving the appointment, appraisal, resignation or dismissal of the head of internal audit function.
the ac has appointed ernst & young advisory pte ltd "ey" to perform the internal audit functions for the information technology department of the company.
the ac is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent, adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the company.
external audit the ac is responsible for recommending to the board the proposal to the shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditors.
for appointment and re-appointment of external auditors, the ac took into consideration the audit quality indicators disclosure framework published by the acra to assess the auditors' commitment towards audit quality, integrity and training.
the ac also approves the external auditors' remuneration and terms of engagement.
whistle-blowing policy singfinance is committed to a high standard of ethical conduct with no tolerance for fraudulent practices.
corporate governance statement the whistle-blowing policy aims to encourage the reporting of matters in good faith, ensuring employees and the public are treated fairly and protected from reprisal.
internal audit and compliance departments reporting independently to the board investigate whistleblowing reports.
the audit committee oversees and monitors whistleblowing matters.
the company ensures whistleblower confidentiality and allows anonymous reporting.
shareholders participate effectively in general meetings, informed of the rules and procedures.
conduct of shareholder meetings the company strongly encourages shareholder attendance and participation at agms.
directors and senior management attend to address shareholder queries.
external auditors also attend to address queries related to the audit and reports.
the agm is held at a central location with convenient public transport access.
the company secretary prepares minutes of general meetings including board and management responses to shareholder questions.
for transparency, the company conducts voting by poll.
the company is committed to maintaining high standards of disclosure and corporate transparency.
feedback mechanisms are in place to solicit the views of shareholders and to address requests and concerns raised by shareholders outside of the agm.
communication with shareholders is done by the executive directors.
the policy and processes in place allow for exchange of views so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders.
the company has processes in place to identify and engage with its key stakeholder groups which will help to build the relationships and trust necessary for corporate sustainability.
details of directors and their related parties are maintained in the central database.
business and ethical conduct the board of directors adopts the directors' code of professional conduct "code of conduct" published by singapore institute of directors “sid" . the code of conduct seeks to ensure that all directors are committed to achieving the highest level of professionalism and integrity in the discharge of their office and is intended to complement the code.
while the code sets out the principles of corporate governance to be observed by listed companies, the code of conduct amplifies the standards of ethics which should be adopted by individual directors in order to bring out the highest standards of conduct in the discharge of their office.
the code of conduct embraces the values of honesty, integrity, personal excellence and accountability which should be the cornerstone of every director's conduct.
the company continuously exercises prudence in its business dealings and has in place personnel policy that sets out the standards and ethical conduct expected of employees.
in addition, all staff members are required to observe the guidelines stated in the finance houses association of singapore's code of conduct.
the principles covered in the code of conduct include confidentiality of information, conflict of interests, relationships with customers and insider trading.
scope this report covers the operations of the group and seeks to provide both internal and external stakeholders with an overview of the group’s strategies, management and monitoring of material factors, in relation to environmental, social and governance "esg" matters.
environmental matters include issues related to climate risk.
the contents aim to provide relevant esg data and information to singfinance’s stakeholders, which include our employees, our customers, our shareholders, our regulators and those who live in the same community as us.
the gri content index is available on page 75. the climate-related disclosures in the sr are consistent with the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” . the tcfd content index is available on page 79. board statement climate change in the 28th united nations climate change conference "cop28" , the first ever global stocktake revealed that the current stage of global climate actions is significantly inadequate in meeting the goal of the paris agreement on holding the rise in global temperatures.
this calls for swift actions and transformative changes to cut greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emissions and curb global warming.
a disorderly transition scenario in the mas analysis is when the concerted climate policy action begins only in 2026, which is less than 2 years from now.
singfinance agrees that there is no time to waste in transitioning to a low carbon economy.
following the launch of singfinance responsible financing, we continue to refine our approach and educate our colleagues so that esg considerations become instinctive and spontaneous to us when we make business decisions.
in 2023, we conducted our first scenario analysis on climate risk in accordance with the recommendations of tcfd.
the first assessment to explore the climate impact on our financial performance was based on qualitative narratives.
our climate-related strategy and management actions will now be informed by the outcomes of the transition pathways.
concurrently, we are exploring pragmatic ways to conduct the analysis in a more quantitative manner for a more accurate assessment of our financial positions under different climate scenarios.
governance and transparency we are once again honoured by the recognition given to our effort in upholding the standards of corporate governance and reporting.
we greatly appreciate their recognition of singfinance's efforts in maintaining high standards of corporate governance.
our corporate customers can now conveniently access accounts from various organizations using our mobile apps on a single device.
looking back at 2023, we are proud to remain committed to our esg agenda despite challenges and uncertainties.
we will continue to strengthen our capability to mitigate climate-related risks and to seize opportunities arising from the transition of singapore to a greener economy whilst upholding our standards in corporate governance and transparency.
sustainability governance governance structure this diagram shows the organizational chart for sustainability governance, including the board of directors, risk management committee, sustainability steering committee, and other relevant departments.
board of directors the board has an overall responsibility for sustainability, provides oversight of esg matters and has in place a strong governance framework to manage our business effectively and responsibly.
the board determines the material esg factors, approves the sustainability-related policies and the enterprise-wide risk management framework “ewrm” , which now covers the group’s environmental and climate risk management.
please refer to the corporate governance statement of this annual report for the independence, composition, diversity and other information on the board of directors.
the rmc meets quarterly, and reports and escalates esg-related matters to the audit committee, which has overall oversight responsibility for esg issues, and to the board.
chaired by an independent director, the rmc comprises 2 independent directors, 2 executive directors, head of risk management, head of product management, head of finance, head of compliance and head of treasury/branches.
sing investments & finance limited: sustainability report 2023 governance and sustainability committees the independent directors are subject to the tenure requirements for listed company directors imposed by the sgx.
of the rmc members, 56% are females and 44% are males, as at 31 december 2023, unchanged from a year ago.
sustainability steering committee the sustainability steering committee “ssc” supports the rmc in reviewing, monitoring and managing singfinance's sustainability efforts and material esg factors.
the committee reports regularly to the rmc, which in turn reports to the audit committee and board on matters and issues relating to sustainability.
audit committee the audit committee “ac” has overall oversight responsibility for esg matters.
through the internal audit function, the ac provides independent oversight on the design of policies related to sustainability, compliance with these policies, quality of data being collected and sustainability-related reporting and disclosure processes and practices.
other functions supporting sustainability efforts supporting the ssc are the relevant heads of department, who have been delegated specific sustainability responsibilities, tasks, and targets.
sustainability performance all singfinance personnel responsible for sustainability are expected to ensure full compliance with our esg-related policies, strategize to achieve the esg targets set by the board, and incorporate sustainability considerations into every initiative they oversee.
our remuneration policy takes into account the contributions of our personnel in enhancing singfinance's sustainability performance, which is now one of our strategic imperatives.
engagement with our stakeholders is essential for us to receive feedback and to understand their expectations.
the board of directors takes this input when directing and prioritizing our esg efforts.
46 sing investments & finance limited sustainability report annual report 2023 materiality assessment the sustainability steering committee, which comprises members of senior management and key managerial staff of singfinance, identifies and assesses the material esg factors, based on internal relevance and external expectations, for the risk management committee’s endorsement before recommending them to the ac and board for approval.
the material esg factors are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that they remain relevant to the group in the fast-evolving landscape.
we recognise that as a financial institution, the environmental factors are the most material esg agenda to singfinance.
our lending activities create environmental impact and our assets are exposed to environmental risks.
in 2023, we have added “low carbon transition” as a material factor under the “valuing environment” pillar and lifted “valuing environment” to be the first of the 3 sustainability pillars to focus our effort on environment.
policy commitments & targets the group reports our policy commitments to each material factor identified by the board of directors and communicates these commitments to all relevant stakeholders, including our employees and shareholders, through various engagement channels.
we have processes and mechanisms in place to identify and address grievances and complaints from our stakeholders.
the group believes that proper management of environmental risks of our financing business can yield positive results and help enhance our reputation and brand for our business.
we resolve to keep the exposures low to sustain the climate resilience of our portfolio and assets.
in 2023, we reassessed and enhanced our esg risk management to incorporate climate matters more thoroughly into our risk management.
singfinance esg risk assessment approach to support our customers in their transition to greener technologies and business models, we conduct a preliminary assessment of esg and climate risks before onboarding new customers.
customers with “high inherent esg risk" will be assessed with enhanced due diligence based on one of our 8 sector specific responsible financing checklists.
material factor - low carbon transition sustainability pillar: valuing environment material factor: low carbon transition why is this material?
recognising that the financial sector has a critical role to play in supporting the transition of singapore to a low carbon economy, singfinance is committed to supporting our customers in their transition journey to minimise the adverse impact caused by their business activities to people, the environment and community.
in response, we have implemented our environmental risk management policy to strengthen our resilience to environmental risks.
risks and opportunities based on our assessment, our assets, portfolios and operations are exposed to both transition risk , arising from the shift towards a low-carbon economy, and physical risk , relating to physical impacts of climate change.
the physical risk can manifest in the form of acute risk , driven by sudden and rapidly developing weather events, and chronic risk , caused by longer-term shifts in climate patterns.
singfinance assesses the environmental risks and opportunities through the short, medium and long-term time scales defined below.
sustainability report: environmental risks and opportunities the examples of environmental risks and opportunities facing singfinance are as follows: physical risks risk type: acute risk, level: m, l, examples: increased extreme weather events such as flood & heats, financial impact: reduced revenue due to physical disruptions financial impact: asset impairment financial impact: increased insurance premium risk type: chronic risk, level: m, l, examples: extreme variability in weather patterns; rising sea levels & mean temperatures table end.
scenario analysis in 2023, we conducted our first scenario analysis on climate risk, a key environmental risk, based on the recommendations of task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” . we took reference from the network for greening the financial system phase 2 “ngfs” climate scenarios, which are consistent with the climate scenarios used in the monetary authority of singapore's industry wide stress test “iwst” 2022. singfinance climate change analysis 2023 in line with the iwst 2022, singfinance used three climate scenarios adopted from the ngfs sub-category of net zero 2050: orderly transition, disorderly transition, and no additional policies.
table: singfinance climate scenarios singfinance climate scenario: orderly transition, ngfs sub-category: net zero 2050, description: timely and orderly global actions to move towards a low-carbon future, mean global warming in 2050: 1.6°c, global transition risk: moderate, physical risk: limited singfinance climate scenario: disorderly transition, ngfs sub-category: delayed transition, description: a delayed and disorderly shift to a low-carbon future, mean global warming in 2050: 1.8°c, global transition risk: medium to high, physical risk: limited singfinance climate scenario: no additional policies, ngfs sub-category: current policies, description: no additional climate policies are introduced, mean global warming in 2050: 3°c, global transition risk: limited, physical risk: high table end.
the participation of small and medium enterprises smes in these schemes is currently low, but opportunities for financing may increase as the schemes become more accessible.
in singapore, the cost of electric vehicle “ev” ownership has been decreasing with better battery technology and government incentives.
on the other hand, the cost of internal combustion engine vehicle is expected to rise with fuel prices, taxes and other government measures to curtail carbon emission.
according to ernst & young's mobility consumer index 2023 study, the ev buying intent among singaporean prospective car buyers reached 63%, up by 7% from a year before.
we also observe that while most consumers in singapore prefer privacy, convenience and security of owning cars, the subscription-based ownership has grown in popularity and is likely to continue trending up.
green cars and subscriptions: higher demand for green cars and subscription-based vehicle ownership creates opportunities for new products that could boost singfinance's brand among environmentally conscious and younger customers.
capacity building: continued efforts to equip staff with training and tools to manage environmental risks and explore business opportunities.
sustainability report: material factor - environmental footprint why is this material a clean and healthy environment is needed for every society and community to thrive and grow.
hence, as a responsible corporate citizen, we are committed to playing our part by actively reducing our own environmental footprint to protect the vital ecosystems that support life on our planet.
reduce, recycle, replace to fulfil our commitment to minimise our environmental footprint, a three-pronged approach via reducing , recycling , and replacing has been put in place.
we seek to reduce the consumption of electricity and water as well as the use of paper through various initiatives, including promoting e-statements to customers and implementing paperless processing internally.
we continue to embark on recycling programmes on paper, e-waste and to replace electrical appliances with eco-friendlier options.
on the other hand, the water consumption in total and in average per staff increased by 30.5% and 25.7% compared to 2022, respectively due mainly to a water leakage issue which has since been rectified.
greenhouse gas emission as part of our on-going effort to manage the group's environmental footprint, we measure scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emission of our operations.
the scope 1 emission increased in 2023 due mainly to a one-off air-conditioner refrigerant top-up.
we are exploring pragmatic ways to measure scope 3 greenhouse gas emission in order to capture our impact on climate more comprehensively.
table 2.1 - scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions year: 2021, scope 1 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 4.73, scope 2 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 444.54, scope 1 & 2/ staff: 2.74 year: 2022, scope 1 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 11.64, scope 2 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 468.37, scope 1 & 2/ staff: 3.00 year: 2023, scope 1 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 91.98, scope 2 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 433.91, scope 1 & 2/ staff: 3.17 table end.
note: the greenhouse gas emissions for electricity are calculated based on the operating margin of electricity grid emission factor "gef" published by energy market authority of singapore.
electric vehicle & charging facility conscious that electric cars emit significantly lower greenhouse gas than those powered by internal combustion engines, we have replaced one of our company cars with an electric vehicle and installed a charging facility at the car park of our premises at 96 robinson road.
recycling programme launched in 2019, singfinance recycling programme serves to encourage our staff and tenants to be mindful about sorting their trash for effective recycling.
we consistently create awareness of the importance of recycling through circulars and monthly e-newsletters.
in 2023, we recycled 1,250 kilograms of waste paper.
table 2.2 - recycled waste year: 2023, paper kg : 1,250 year: 2022, paper kg : 2,240 year: 2021, paper kg : 2,017 table end.
our recycling effort has saved 21 trees in the year 2023. . 21 trees saved through recycling paperless in a bid to be more environmentally friendly and reduce waste, we have ceased sending hardcopy annual reports to our shareholders since 2019, unless shareholders specifically request a copy.
the group’s sourcing policy requires due diligence checks on our suppliers in four areas as follows: human rights, health and safety, environment sustainability and business integrity and ethics.
our sourcing policy helps ensure that we only acquire supplies from vendors who are ethical and place emphasis on limiting environmental impact in their business conduct and activities.
our targets on environmental footprint are as follows: 2024 targets utility consumption: greenhouse gas emission, lower energy and water consumption per staff: lower greenhouse gas emission through technology change and efficiency table end.
we seek to connect with younger and more tech-savvy customers through technology as a way of building future generations of customers to sustain our long-term growth.
increasingly, our customers expect us to leverage technology to provide seamless, efficient, and uninterrupted services that can be accessed anytime and anywhere.
eguarantee@gov: this allows customers to apply for digital guarantees issued by singfinance for their obligations to government agencies and statutory boards through an electronic platform.
protection against online scams singfinance has enhanced security measures to combat rising digital and phishing scams, in line with mas requirements.
notifying customers of all changes made in mobile apps to their registered mobiles.
providing self-service emergency "kill switch" to suspend online accounts.
using singpass facial verification to authenticate customer identity.
health and safety of customers singfinance recognizes that its core strength lies in its ability to deliver personalized services.
the company continually assesses the risks to the health and safety of its customers at its branches.
our measures to mitigate health and safety risks a fire safety: placing fire extinguishers regularly inspected displaying prominent exit signs conducting fire escape exercises b precautions to contain transmission of infectious diseases: setting plastic screens at service counters cleaning and sanitizing premises regularly c movable ramps to help wheelchair users enter and exit branches safely and easily 2024 targets e-services apps ramp-up: higher penetration of apps among customers and higher deposit balances placed through digital channels digital capacity: more innovations in e-services to stay competitive and relevant material factor - community contribution sustainability pillar: creating values material factor: community contribution why is this material?
building strong bonds with our community is part of our company's core values.
we are committed to supporting vulnerable groups and promoting greater inclusivity.
walk for rice+ 2023 singfinance and its board of directors are committed to building strong relationships with our communities and promoting a healthy and active lifestyle.
this program aimed to accumulate walking and running distances among participants.
these efforts were exchanged for donations of rice and oatmeal to support needy and vulnerable families in the south east district by ntuc fairprice.
in addition, more than 80 singfinance staff members spent a meaningful morning on october 28th at gardens by the bay with about 40 children and parents from underprivileged families.
they walked together for the cause.
the event was jointly organized by singfinance and the south east community development council in conjunction with the walk for rice program.
children and parents enjoyed a morning of fun and games, had lunch with us, and received groceries to bring home.
this program is also an opportunity to promote social integration among our staff members, both local and foreign, and with the different ethnic groups in the communities.
walk for rice + 12,300 kilometer distance achieved for good cause care to make a difference other contributions in 2023, we also made donations to the pap community foundation, ren ci hospital, the lee kuan yew centennial fund and other local associations to support their worthy causes.
2024 targets giving back to the community sustainable giving back and community services with strong staff support and participation + further details on "walk for rice" could not be extracted from the image.
why is this material corporate governance protects the interests of all stakeholders of the group and enhances long-term shareholder value.
having effective corporate governance is also essential for us to safeguard our resources and to build and retain the trust of our stakeholders.
awards & accolades we are committed to upholding the highest standards of governance, integrity and ethics in conducting our business.
in 2023, we took pride in maintaining 11th place among 474 companies surveyed for the singapore governance and transparency index, a leading index for assessing corporate governance practices for singapore listed companies.
additionally, we were honored with the special commendation for smallcap companies.
for 10 consecutive years, we have consistently ranked among the top 5% of listed companies surveyed for this index.
these awards by sca are testament to singfinance’s unwavering commitment to upholding high standards of corporate governance, risk management and reporting transparency.
other recognition and voluntary compliance programmes cyber essentials mark certification: singfinance achieved the cyber essentials mark certification, a cyber security certification by the cyber security agency of singapore csa , demonstrating its commitment to securing it systems and protecting customer interests.
. protection against online scams: singfinance has stepped up measures to combat online scams and cyber threats.
2024 targets governance & transparency: continued excellence in corporate governance, investor communication, and reporting transparency.
sustainability report: risk culture why is this material a strong risk culture is vital to the success of the group's business.
the underlying principles of our risk culture are as follows: tone from the top: our board and senior management lead by example by setting the right tone in committing to a strong risk culture within the company.
respecting voices of control functions: respecting control functions is key to enhance effectiveness and efficiency of risk management.
code of conduct & ethics policies our staff members must adhere to singfinance's code of conduct, human resource "hr" personnel manual and the finance houses association of singapore's code of conduct.
they are also regularly reminded to observe the code of conduct in dealing with our customers and business partners.
sustainability report combat against bribery, corruption and financial crimes singfinance has implemented policies and procedures to ensure employee compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and professional standards related to corruption, bribery, money laundering, and other financial crimes.
for more information, refer to principle 10, "audit committee," in the corporate governance statement for whistle blowing policy and complaints handling procedures.
the board of directors stays updated on key developments and knowledge regarding anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, and other governance matters.
efforts to increase awareness and communication include: annual mandatory training on anti-corruption, bribery, and anti-money laundering for all employees, with regular training for relevant employees.
in 2023, all eligible employees and directors 157 staff members and 6 directors completed the abc training course.
2024 targets target: control excellence , description: maintenance of high-quality internal controls target: transparency & accountability , description: disclosure on significant non-compliance with laws and regulations; incidents of employee misconduct target: training , description: adequate staff training to raise awareness of the importance of proper controls table end.
sustainability report: talent management why is this material in a tight labour market, being able to attract and retain talent is important to the company's continued success and sustainability.
upskilling in tandem with digital transformation is also critical in ensuring that we maximise each employee's potential and drive productivity.
our employees are our key assets and we endeavour to help them stay relevant and future-ready.
we are also responsible in providing all employees a safe and inclusive workplace that supports their overall wellbeing.
diversity & equal opportunities diversity and equal opportunities for all employees engenders a trusting and respectful working environment.
such an environment would also help to foster greater teamwork, creativity and innovation.
we practise merit-based hiring and offer equal opportunities to job seekers without discrimination.
our total headcount and workforce mix by various diversity measures have remained stable through the years, with all staff being employed in singapore.
notably, around 12% of our employees have been with the company for more than 20 years.
4.2 employee gender diversity this chart shows the breakdown of male and female employees from 2021 to 2023. 4.3 employee age diversity this chart displays the age distribution of employees across different age groups from 2021 to 2023. 4.4 management by gender year: 2021, male: 45%, female: 55% year: 2022, male: 45%, female: 55% year: 2023, male: 45%, female: 55% table end.
2. temporary employees are individuals hired for short periods of time, usually a year or less.
3. full-time employees work more than 35 hours of training per employee a week; part-time employees work less than that.
4. non-guaranteed hour employees and interns are not included in total headcount as they are immaterial representation of the group's human resources.
5. there were no workers who are not singfinance employees involved in the company's operations.
6. in 2023, there was only one permanent part-time female employee.
there were no other part-time employees in 2023, 2022 and 2021. 4.5 new hire by gender table: new hire by gender 2021-2023 year: 2021, male: 63%, female: 37%, total: 100% year: 2022, male: 42%, female: 58%, total: 100% year: 2023, male: 44%, female: 56%, total: 100% table end.
learning and development with evolving landscape, challenging environment and changing demands of financial products and services, employee training and development remain central to the company's people strategy.
in 2023, we exceeded the target of 15 hours of training per employee of training per staff on average.
table 5 - average hours of training by gender year: 2021, male: 19, female: 13, all staff: 15 year: 2022, male: 18, female: 17, all staff: 17 year: 2023, male: 17, female: 21, all staff: 20 table end.
table 6 - average hours of training by employee category year: 2021, am & below: 11, avp to evp: 23, md and dmd: 16 year: 2022, am & below: 16, avp to evp: 18, md and dmd: 24 year: 2023, am & below: 20, avp to evp: 20, md and dmd: 15 table end.
employee engagement we endeavour to engage our staff through regular updates on the company via our e-newsletters, staff surveys, orientation sessions, team level activities and company-wide events.
sustainability report the highlights of our staff engagement initiatives in 2023 are as follows: quarterly staff e-newsletter started in 2021, the quarterly e-newsletter helps our staff stay connected with the latest developments in the company and provides an important platform to share updates on various topics, including workplace safety and health, conduct risk, sustainability-related ideas, and cyber security.
one page focuses on workplace safety and health, offering tips on stress management, healthy eating, and mindful practices.
the other page showcases employee achievements and awards, with a photo of an award recipient.
chinese new year dinner as part of our tradition, staff were treated to a sumptuous dinner to celebrate the festive season as a singfinance family.
team building we learnt to work together and recognize the talents and strengths of one another, through various well-thought-out activities in the team building event held in sentosa.
employee well-being the health and safety of our people is a key priority of singfinance.
all permanent full-time employees are eligible to participate in our in-house medi-care programme, which covers their medical and health-related expenses, including general and specialist consultation, dental, optical, traditional chinese medicine “tcm” and health screening.
our staff are insured under our workmen injury compensation, personal accident, group hospitalization and medical and term life policies managed by third party insurers, who are governed by strict policies of confidentiality.
in addition, responding to the feedback received from our employee pulse survey, we provide flexible work arrangements to help our staff achieve fulfillment at work and in life.
my best colleague a new initiative was implemented to promote peer affirmation and appreciation for one another where our staff vote for their ‘best colleague’ each quarter and we feature them in our staff e-newsletters.
each winner embodies qualities of professionalism, good work ethics, team spirit and kindness at work.
. staff went around the world during our annual dinner & dance to satisfy our wanderlust.
grouped by our choice of travel destination, everyone came together to prepare various performances and participated actively in the games throughout the night.
human rights singfinance promotes a work environment that is fair and respectful, and free from discrimination, bullying and harassment.
we support internationally accepted human rights principles, including those relating to non-discrimination, child labour and forced labour.
2024 targets area: equal opportunity, target: diversity in the workforce with a balanced mix of gender, age and other characteristics area: personal development, target: average training hours of training per employee per staff of 15 hours of training per employee annually area: well-being, target: sustained progress to harness technology to improve workplace safety and employee well-being area: feedback, target: annual employee pulse survey table end.
esg core metrics environment topic: greenhouse gas emissions "greenhouse gas" ¹ , sgx core metric: absolute emissions by:, metric: scope 1 greenhouse gas emission in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, 2023: 91.98, 2022: 11.64, 2021: 4.73 sgx core metric: a. scope 1 sgx core metric: b. scope 2, metric: scope 2 greenhouse gas emission in tco₂e, 2023: 433.91, 2022: 468.37, 2021: 444.54 sgx core metric: emission intensities by: a. scope 1 & 2, metric: scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emission per staff average headcount in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, 2023: 3.17, 2022: 3.00, 2021: 2.74 topic: energy consumption , sgx core metric: total energy consumption, metric: energy consumed in mwhs, 2023: 1,041, 2022: 1,124, 2021: 1,088 sgx core metric: energy consumption intensity, metric: energy consumed per staff average headcount in mwhs, 2023: 6.27, 2022: 7.02, 2021: 6.64 topic: water consumption , sgx core metric: total water consumption, metric: water in m³, 2023: 8,310, 2022: 6,369, 2021: 5,246 sgx core metric: water consumption intensity, metric: water consumed per staff average headcount in m³, 2023: 50.03, 2022: 39.81, 2021: 31.99 topic: waste recycled² , sgx core metric: total waste recycled, metric: waste recycled in ton², 2023: 1.25, 2022: 2.20, 2021: 1.99 table end.
of employees, 2023: 20, 2022: 17, 2021: 15 sgx core metric: average training hours of training per employee per employee by gender, metric: hours/male employees, 2023: 17, 2022: 18, 2021: 19 metric: hours/female employees, 2023: 21, 2022: 17, 2021: 13 topic: occupational health & safety , sgx core metric: fatalities, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 sgx core metric: high-consequence injuries, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 sgx core metric: recordable injuries, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 sgx core metric: recordable work-related ill health cases, metric: number of cases, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 table end.
footnotes: 1. greenhouse gas emissions include scope 1 and scope 2 emissions.
2. waste recycled data refers to total waste recycled.
notes: note 1: the greenhouse gas emissions for electricity consumed by the group are revised with the latest average operating margin of the electricity grid emission factor for 2022 and 2021 of energy market authority of singapore at the date of the report.
the 2023 emission is based on 2022 factor as the 2023 data is not yet available.
as a result, the scope 2 greenhouse gas emission increased by 19.67 and 10.02 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent for 2022 and 2021 respectively.
note 2: only recycled waste is disclosed as opposed to total waste proposed by sgx.
note 3: data for 2022 and 2021 was restated to report the number of employees participated in the training in replacement for the number of courses reported previously.
gri reference: 2-7, disclosure requirements: employees, reference and response: "talent management” gri reference: 2-8, disclosure requirements: workers who are not employees, reference and response: “talent management” gri reference: 2-9, disclosure requirements: governance structure and composition, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report and "sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-10, disclosure requirements: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report and “sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-11, disclosure requirements: chair of the highest governance body, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report and “sustainability governance" table end.
gri 2: general disclosures 2021 gri reference: 2-12, disclosure requirements: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "stakeholder engagement" gri reference: 2-13, disclosure requirements: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, reference and response: "sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-14, disclosure requirements: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, reference and response: "sustainability governance" gri reference: 2-15, disclosure requirements: conflicts of interest, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" and "additional information on directors seeking re-election" of annual report gri reference: 2-16, disclosure requirements: communication of critical concerns, reference and response: no critical concerns were escalated to board of directors and risk management committee during the year 2023. gri reference: 2-17, disclosure requirements: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, reference and response: all directors of singfinance undergo training on sustainability matters as prescribed by sgx in chapter 7 continuing obligations of its mainboard rules.
gri reference: 2-18, disclosure requirements: evaluation of the highest governance body, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" and "board of directors" of annual report gri reference: 2-19, disclosure requirements: remuneration policies, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report gri reference: 2-20, disclosure requirements: process to determine remuneration, reference and response: "corporate governance statement" of annual report gri reference: 2-21, disclosure requirements: annual total compensation ratio, reference and response: refer to the explanation in "talent management" for non-disclosure of the ratio.
gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018 gri reference: 403-6, disclosure requirements: promotion of worker health, reference and response: "talent management" table end.
gri 413: local community 2016 gri reference: 413-1, disclosure requirements: operations with local community engagement, impact assessment, and development programmes, reference and response: "community contribution" and "stakeholder engagement" table end.
tcfd content index table: tcfd recommended disclosures and references pillars: governance , recommended disclosures: a. describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: governance , recommended disclosures: b. describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: strategy , recommended disclosures: a. describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium, and long term, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: strategy , recommended disclosures: b. describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy, and financial planning, reference and response: "sustainability governance" and "low carbon transition" pillars: strategy , recommended disclosures: c. describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario, reference and response: "board statement" and "sustainability pillar - valuing environment" pillars: risk management , recommended disclosures: a. describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: risk management , recommended disclosures: b. describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related risks, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: risk management , recommended disclosures: c. describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: metrics & targets , recommended disclosures: a. describe the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management processes, reference and response: "our approach to sustainability" and "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: metrics & targets , recommended disclosures: b. describe scope 1, scope 2 and if appropriate scope 3 greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emissions, and the related risks, reference and response: "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" pillars: metrics & targets , recommended disclosures: c. describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and perform against targets, reference and response: "sustainability pillar – valuing environment" table end.
the audit committee performs the functions specified by section 201b of the act, the listing manual and the best practices guide of the singapore exchange, and the code of corporate governance.
the audit committee held 4 meetings during the financial year.
the audit committee has full access to and has the co-operation of the management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its function properly.
it has full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings.
the external and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the audit committee.
directors' statement auditors the auditors, deloitte & touche llp, have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra” code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code” together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is jeremy phua.
risk governance under the group's risk governance framework, the board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the group's risk management framework.
the rmc is chaired by a non-executive independent director and is tasked to oversee the development of robust enterprise-wide risk management policies and processes.
the risk management department “rmd” assists the rmc in developing risk management measurements and control systems, monitoring limits set by the board and reporting breaches, exceptions, and deviations.
compliance testing and internal audits are conducted on an on-going basis to confirm that these policies are being implemented effectively.
senior management is accountable to the board for ensuring the implementation of risk management policies.
environmental, social and governance risk the group is exposed to environmental, social and governance "esg" related risk through its lending activities via the loans to its customers, which operate in sectors with elevated esg risk.
to proactively manage operational risk, the group uses risk control self-assessment and process risk mapping to identify and resolve material weaknesses in existing operations.
rmd makes recommendations to the rmc to enhance the business continuity management “bcm” policies and procedures and carries out periodical bcp tests and ensures disaster recovery “dr” arrangements and tests are adequate.
all units and operations of the group are subjected to compliance testing by the compliance department and inspection by the internal auditors who prioritize their audit tasks by developing a risk-based audit plan.
the compliance testing and internal audit plans for the year are approved by the rmc and the group's audit committee respectively.
the findings of the internal audit and the compliance teams are discussed with the heads of the business and operation units and submitted to the group’s management for information and action.
in the event members encounter covid-19 like symptoms prior to the meeting, members are strongly encouraged to exercise social responsibility to rest at home and consider appointing a proxy ies to attend the meeting.
we encourage members to mask up when attending the meeting.
3 relevant intermediary a member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead at the agm.
responsible for managing the business and operations, driving financial performance, and spearheading strategic development and execution of plans set by the board.
