connecting people empowering businesses annual report 2022 the image primarily consists of a visual representation of the company's activities and its annual report cover.
people development: we value and develop our people and trust each other in delivering their best, fostering cooperativeness, teamwork and providing a supportive environment.
integrity: we are open and fair in our dealings while maintaining highest integrity at all times.
we strive for excellence and professionalism in what we do.
the phoenix symbolises the link to our history and our desire to retain many of the qualities that have served us well over the years.
the phoenix, being the emperor of all birds, signifies our ambition to become the leading financial institution of choice for singaporeans.
a bird that soars towards ever greater heights of success, it is a symbol of singapura finance's determination and eagerness to seek and tap unexplored avenues of growth.
our chinese name our chinese name, 富雅, stands for prosperity and elegance.
the singapura finance brand our brand is built on the characteristics of 'optimism, inspiration and confidence'.
as an expression of these aspirations, our products and services cater to the everyday man.
we equip our customers with product literature and our relationship managers will assist them in making an informed decision.
we understand their needs and package practical deals to suit their lifestyle and fulfil their dreams.
we will continue to engage our customers' needs in bringing their every vision into reality.
even as covid-19 eases, the group will continue to forge ahead with our digital transformation initiatives to improve and streamline our work processes.
our journey to implement digital touch points adopts a security by design and zero-trust strategies.
the group is committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and is actively playing our part to reduce our carbon footprint.
in our support to align its corporate philosophy, strategy and goals to the government's vision of green finance, the group has in place a framework for its environmental risk management in a manner that commensurate with the group's size.
the underlying structure of the framework recognizes that environmental risk poses potential financial and reputational impact to the company.
the group continues its aim to stay relevant and competitive as we continue to forge ahead with our digital transformation to sustain the group's long-term growth for the benefit of all our stakeholders.
mr. teo holds a bachelor of arts in psychology & asian studies and a masters in business administration from the university of adelaide, australia.
mrs. yu-foo is the chairperson of the nominating committee and a member of the audit and remuneration committees.
she retired from politics in 2011 after 27 years of service.
board of directors mrs. yu-foo justice of the peace member of the board of visiting justices & board of inspection trustee of the ntuc building construction & timber industry employees' union advisor to the hardware network, singapore china friendship association - women's alliance, foo clan association, hainan business chambers, singapore palm island club and jurong hong san see association executive council member of the hainan university in china graduated from nanyang university with a bachelor of commerce and from nanyang technological university with a master's degree in business awarded honorary doctorate of education by wheelock college of boston in 2008 mr. teoh eng hong independent non-executive director joined the board on 18 june 1992 last re-appointed as director on 22 april 2022 chairman of the remuneration and executive committees member of the audit, nominating and risk management committees served the board for more than nine years approved for continued appointment as an independent director via two-tier voting extensive experience in oil and chemical related businesses shell group for over 30 years holds various senior management positions and directorships in oil and chemicals companies consults for energy companies director of ngee ann academy holds a bachelor of economics 1st class honours from the university of adelaide, australia mdm.
tan hui keng, martha independent non-executive director joined the board on 1 november 2011 chairperson of the audit committee member of the nominating, remuneration, and risk management committees last re-elected as director on 22 april 2022 served the board for more than nine years approved for continued appointment as an independent director via two-tier voting audit partner of kpmg now kpmg llp from 1989 to 2005 more than 25 years of experience in public accounting auditing, taxation, public listings, due diligence, mergers and acquisitions, internal control reviews, and general business advisory services holds a degree honours in accountancy from the university of singapore fellow member of the institute of singapore chartered accountants 1 based on rule 210 5 d iii of the sgx-st listing manual which came into effect on 1 january 2022, a director who has been a director for an aggregate period of more than 9 years whether commencing before or after listing is not independent if his/her continued appointment as an independent director has not been sought and approved in separate resolutions by a all shareholders; and b all shareholders, excluding shareholders who also serve as the directors or the chief executive officer of the company, and associates of such directors and chief executive officers "two-tier voting" such resolutions to remain in force until the earlier of retirement or resignation of the above directors; or the conclusion of the third annual general meeting of the company following the passing of the resolution.
mr. khoo is a member of the audit, nominating, remuneration, risk management and digitalization committees.
the hands holding the globe suggest a nurturing and responsible approach.
board statement the board of directors “the board” is pleased to present our sixth sustainability report the “report” . at singapura finance ltd “sfl” and the “company” , we consider environmental, social, and governance “esg” issues in our business strategies and operations while driving business growth.
this year, sfl re-validated the material esg factors that were identified previously as of high importance to our business and stakeholders.
the sustainability steering committee “ssc” continues to support the board in overseeing the management and monitoring of these factors.
we will continue our sustainability efforts in order to enhance the long-term value and trust to our stakeholders.
the board appoints senior management team members to the ssc who manage sustainability.
the stf comprises of representatives across functions who drive the sustainability programme in sfl.
corporate sustainability reporting stakeholder engagement sfl's sustainability depends on strong connections to our diverse range of stakeholders.
this allows us to refine our sustainability strategy in line with stakeholder concerns to remain agile and able to address emerging challenges.
we have identified five key stakeholder groups in previous years, which we have reviewed and reconfirmed for fy2022.
we support the sustainable development goal “sdg” of decent work and economic growth by providing financing and other financial services to smes, local companies and individuals.
additionally, sfl indirectly drives and contributes to the local economy by providing employment opportunities and sourcing from local suppliers.
in fy2022, we have increased our percentage of local spending to 99% table 3 , thereby continuing our goal of providing support to the local suppliers.
going forward, sfl aims to continue enhancing our positive influences on the local economy by growing our lending business and sourcing from local suppliers.
since fy2022, sfl has started to operationalise the environmental risk management framework based on guidelines provided by mas and abs.
employees will be provided with training on sustainable finance to build up capability.
11 mas, "financial stability review, 2022” https://www.mas.gov.sg/-/media/mas-media-library/publications/financial-stability-review/2022/financial-stability-review-2022.pdf environmental energy and emissions gri 3-3, gri 302-1, gri 302-3, gri 305-2, gri 305-4 in line with singapore's climate action plan to build a "climate-resilient singapore, for a sustainable future", sfl strives to continue contributing to this movement by reducing our own environmental and carbon footprint.
to do so, we have implemented policies and procedures to manage our energy use such as educating our employees and engaging them in matters concerning energy consumption.
as part of our “go green” initiative, we have communicated green information periodically using both formal and informal communication tools to encourage our employees to be more energy efficient.
for example, we remind our employees to increase the temperature on air-conditioners where possible and to switch off it devices and air-conditioners when they are not in use.
sfl monitors our electricity bills diligently to identify and address any abnormal usage as well as rectify any equipment malfunctioning.
since fy2019, recycling bins have been installed in our office and we continue to encourage our employees to adopt better recycling habits.
electricity usage is our main source of energy consumption.
in fy2022, sfl achieved our target of maintaining the energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.
additionally, in fy2022, we converted all lightings in head office and all customer centres to led lighting.
sfl's annual electricity consumption decreased by 11.6% from fy2021 to fy2022, with a 19% decrease from fy2017 figure 1a . energy intensity per employee also reduced by more than 10% from fy2021 to fy2022 with an overall decrease from fy2017 to fy2022 by 17% figure 1b . in fy2023, our energy target is not to exceed the previous year's energy consumption by more than 2%.
going forward, sfl has plans to start the process of adopting the task force on climate related financial disclosures tcfd recommendations in line with sgx requirements.
figure 1. annual energy consumption of sfl from fy2017 - fy2022.
a shows the annual energy consumption of all sfl premises.
b shows the annual energy consumption per employee in all premises.
table 4. total annual greenhouse gas emission and greenhouse gas emission intensity by number of employees : total annual greenhouse gas emission total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e , 2016: 143, 2017: 136, 2018: 132, 2019: 129, 2020: 119, 2021: 120, 2022: 106, percentage change % : -12% : greenhouse gas emission intensity by number of employees total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e/employee , 2016: 1.34, 2017: 1.31, 2018: 1.16, 2019: 1.12, 2020: 1.13, 2021: 1.17, 2022: 1.04, percentage change % : -11% table end.
the adoption of e-submission has enabled sfl to reduce usage of paper and ink, contributing to our "go green" efforts and reducing cost of waste.
in fy2023, sfl will begin to utilise google cloud, a carbon-neutral service provider to host some systems and servers.
notes: 12. ministry of foreign affairs, “climate change” https://www.mfa.gov.sg/singapores-foreign-policy/international-issues/climate-change 13. percentage change from base year 2021 14. conversion factors used are derived from the latest grid emission factors adapted from singapore energy statistics 2016, singapore energy statistics 2017, singapore energy statistics 2018, singapore energy statistics 2019, singapore energy statistics 2020 and singapore energy statistics 2021 corporate sustainability reporting water consumption gri 303-5 in fy2020, sfl added water consumption as an additional disclosure non-material gri factor . population growth, increasing meat consumption and economic activity are putting a heavy strain on the world's water resources.
although water consumption was not considered as a material factor to sfl in the previous years, sfl has been raising the awareness of water conservation among employees.
water consumption is the amount of water used in sfl premises annually.
water consumption intensity is the amount of water used per employee annually.
from fy2020 to fy2022, water consumption decreased by 63% and water consumption intensity decreased by 62% figure 2 . the following figures present sfl's annual water consumption cubic meters and water consumption intensity by number of employees cubic meters/employee . table: sfl's annual water consumption and intensity fy2020-fy2022 year: fy2020, water consumption cubic meters : 1,205.2, water consumption per employee cubic meters/employee : 11.5 year: fy2021, water consumption cubic meters : 568.9, water consumption per employee cubic meters/employee : 5.5, % change from previous year: -51.9% year: fy2022, water consumption cubic meters : 443.2, water consumption per employee cubic meters/employee : 4.4, % change from previous year: -21.0% table end.
figure 2: sfl's annual water consumption in all premises from fy2020 to fy2022.
a shows the annual water consumption and year-on-year percentage reduction of water consumption cubic meters . b shows annual water intensity per employee and year-on-year percentage reduction of water intensity.
we continue to encourage the reduction of water consumption for all employees by reminding employees in customer centres to use water conservatively at all times.
going forward, sfl will continue to assess initiatives to reduce water consumption and aim to maintain current consumption levels as per previous years.
social employment gri 2-7, gri 401-1 i recruitment we continue to embrace the tripartite guidelines on fair employment practices in recruiting talents regardless of their gender, race, religion, cultural and family background.
for example, sfl values the experience of the older generation and supports them to re-join the workforce.
where eligible, sfl extends re-employment opportunities to eligible staff upon their retirement.
sfl recruits potential employees through a vast range of channels such as collaborating with professional recruitment consultants, leveraging on internet recruitment platforms and encouraging staff referrals.
in fy2022, we've maintained online interviews to suit current hybrid working models.
singapura finance ltd annual report 2022 corporate sustainability reporting ii employment practices we have set in place various schemes such as cross-training and inter-departmental transfers to enhance the diversity of employees' job scope where possible.
this practice provides employees with new learning opportunities and cultivates expertise.
this platform also encourages meetings between colleagues from different departments, which helps bridge inter-departmental understanding and synergies.
this will help improve camaraderie and collaborative culture within sfl.
furthermore, conversing with colleagues from other departments can inspire more creative solutions as they are able to offer fresh perspectives.
we also adopt an open appraisal system for our employees to set goals and receive feedback.
sfl dedicates its time and efforts on an open-door policy by establishing a platform for employees to clarify policies, raise concerns to management, and initiate discussions on areas for improvements as well as career aspirations with their heads of departments “hod” or hr.
salary revision and any variable benefits are reviewed and approved by management annually to ensure fairness in rewarding our employees.
other than a competitive remuneration policy, sfl hopes to enrich the work life of our employees by providing a wide variety of staff benefits, such as medical, dental, insurance, and wellness for the employee.
since fy2019, we have integrated dental and health screening benefits into wellness benefits to enhance the flexibility of employee benefit claims.
specifically, employees can decide the proportion of dental or health screening benefits to use depending on their needs.
figure 3. differences in diversity in new employee hires in fy2022.
a new employee hires by gender.
table: employee hires by gender fy2022 gender: male, percentage: 25% gender: female, percentage: 75% table end.
table: employee hires by age fy2022 age group: under 30 years old, percentage: 25% age group: 30-50 years old, percentage: 21% age group: over 50 years old, percentage: 54% table end.
corporate sustainability reporting iv employee well-being we believe that a good workplace is where employees can achieve work-life balance and establish a strong sense of belonging.
therefore, we offer different initiatives and benefits to promote health and well-being, to build a healthy work environment.
since fy2018, we have implemented flexible working arrangements where employees can opt for flexible working hours of training per employee to balance their personal and work commitments.
we managed to achieve our target of having more employees on board this program, with 12 employees enrolled in the program in fy2022.
we have received positive feedback from our employees on this arrangement.
sfl aims to continue to support our employees in achieving work-life balance.
sfl encourages our employees to exercise and stay healthy.
every year, sfl participates in the national steps corporate challenge, organised by the health promotion board to encourage the adoption of an active lifestyle.
for 2022, we encourage staff to participate and close to 45% of employees sign up for the national steps corporate challenge.
we also aspire to build better teamwork within the company to strengthen our cohesiveness and efficiency.
every year, we aim to promote a positive and engaging work environment for all employees by conducting at least three company events each year.
this encourages participation from our staff and fosters a stronger sense of recognition.
moving forward, we aim to encourage flexible working arrangements to more employees when needed, as a means of supporting work-life balance.
v exit sfl conducts exit interviews with employees to understand their reasons for leaving and schedule follow-ups as part of our efforts to improve on our retention policies and practices.
we collect ad-hoc feedback from our employees and conduct benchmarking analysis against industry practice and government initiatives to make improvements to our staff policies and initiatives.
in addition, we analyse the difference in gender and age category in turnover figure 4 which reflects our total employee gender and age split.
a turnover by gender.
table: turnover by gender fy2022 gender: male, percentage: 64% gender: female, percentage: 36% table end.
for talent retention, the hods engage our employees actively, and conduct annual performance appraisals.
hods are also responsible for assigning projects to high-potential staff to assess their capability and competencies.
rewards in the form of performance bonus and merit increment/promotions are given to high-performing employees to retain talents.
diversity and equal opportunity we believe in enforcing fair employment practices across all levels of the company.
active promotion of diversity and equality at work can generate significant benefits for both sfl and our employees.
there were no members below the age of 30 years old in fy2021 or fy2022.
figure 7. percentage of permanent employees by gender in fy2021 and fy2022.
there were no temporary employees in fy2021 or fy2022.
training and education gri 3-3, gri 404-1, gri 404-2 we aim to nurture our employees through extensive training and development programs.
in the fast-paced and ever-changing financial industry, sfl enables employees to have the opportunity to upskill themselves, allowing them to improve their existing skillsets and stay relevant.
examples of other trainings and education initiatives conducted during the year are listed in table 7. table 7: examples of training for sfl employees in fy2022 training category: compliance, aml/cft trainings , description: provide new joiners with aml/cft training in the first 6 months to equip them with necessary knowledge and skillsets.
sponsor staff to participate in training courses relating to professional certification or academic qualifications for career advancement.
moving forward, we will continue to identify and offer relevant trainings to employees to enhance their career and professional development and ensure they continue to meet 100% attendance for all mandatory training requirements for their roles.
furthermore, we aim to develop more online trainings to ease employees’ access to trainings.
for fy2022, our digital banking team have provided trainings to all employees from the customer centres to enhance their knowledge for better customer 22 singapura finance ltd annual report 2022 table 8. total and average training hours received per employee by gender gender: male, total number of hours: 524, average number of hours per employee: 16.9 gender: female, total number of hours: 789, average number of hours per employee: 11.1 gender: total , total number of hours: 1,313 , average number of hours per employee: 12.9 table end.
our compliance department also signs up for the mas mailing list for regular updates and the accounts department will check masnet daily for any announcements or circulars which will be forwarded to the compliance department.
the compliance department then ensures that any changes in regulations are communicated to the relevant departments within three working days for further action.
marketing and labelling gri 3-3, gri 417-2, gri 417-3 sfl recognises the importance of fair representation through labelling and communication to ensure customer confidence in our services and to protect our corporate image.
for instance, we adhere strictly to our marketing and advertising guidelines and practice good corporate governance within the company.
sfl provides trainings for our relationship managers “malaysian ringgit” for products, policies, market updates etc. we ensure that our rms are trained to deal with customers clearly and fairly, and that they receive coaching on aml and our company’s internal policies.
other screening methods include conducting research on the property agents who refer property loans to sfl online.
we categorize our customers and initiate know your customer “kyc” procedures to meet our business needs.
customers such as individual applicants and personal guarantors are screened via credit bureau singapore “cbs” , litigation and blacklist search as well as world-check search.
different functions share responsibilities to ensure the effectiveness of our assessment.
in 2022, all new referral agents were screened for their responsible practices before we engaged them.
we have achieved our targets and will continue the good practice, to maintain 100% screening for new customers and agents in the following year.
customer experience we strive to explore more innovations to bring a better customer experience to our diverse customers.
to allow for more immediate feedback, we also implemented a new feedback system via facebook messenger.
customers have responded well to this new feedback channel with most enquiries centred on sfl's vivid savings accounts.
we also achieved our target of ensuring that all call back requests received via the tablets at our customer centres are addressed in a timely manner.
footnotes: 16. a fico score is a credit score created by the fair isaac corporation fico . 17. for more information, please visit https://vividcard.sg/ occupational health and safety gri 403-9, gri 403-10 in fy2021, we added occupational health and safety as an additional disclosure non-material gri factor . this year, sfl achieved its target of maintaining zero cases of work-related injuries and ill-health table 9 . going forward, we aim to continue maintaining a zero case in fy2023.
this will be achieved through educating staff on the importance on safety through company policies on workplace health and safety policies.
the below charts show that we have zero case of work-related injuries and ill health in fy2022 table 9: total number of work-related injuries in fy2021 and fy2022 : number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury, fy2021: 0, fy2022: 0 : number of high-consequence work-related injuries injury that results in a fatality from which the worker cannot recover fully to pre-injury health status within 6 months , excluding fatalities, fy2021: 0, fy2022: 0 : number of recordable work-related injuries, fy2021: 0, fy2022: 0 table end.
local communities gri 413-1 sfl provides opportunities to engage our people in corporate social responsibility projects.
leveraging on their time and efforts, employees contribute meaningfully to the communities we live and work in.
we believe that engaging with communities will help sfl to build a caring and giving culture, which will bring our people together and strengthen the community we live in.
in fy2019, sfl kicked off the new practice to better facilitate employee volunteerism.
our employees could apply for time off to volunteer on a regular basis with approved charities table 10: total number of work-related ill health cases in fy2021 and fy2022 : number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health, fy2021: 0, fy2022: 0 : number of cases of recordable work-related ill health, fy2021: 0, fy2022: 0 table end.
corporate sustainability reporting governance socioeconomic compliance gri 3-3, gri 2-27 trust is an important trait of a company.
hence, we are committed to ensure that we conduct our business with utmost integrity and high standards of business ethics, in line with our core company values.
sfl is compliant with relevant laws and regulations by taking actions through the compliance department team.
the team takes steps to assess the implications of any updates of regulations and report to operational & technology risk committee “optech” every two months and hods quarterly.
they are also responsible for communicating new regulations or changes to existing regulations to the relevant hods within three working days.
next, we have in place a compliance risk management framework.
it consists of the objective for the management of compliance risk, governance and oversight structure, roles and responsibilities as well as the compliance risk management process.
the purpose of this framework is to serve as a guide to the board of directors, management, compliance department, and all employees on the key areas to note when dealing with compliance risks.
we are also pleased to announce that 100% of our employees were proactive in attending trainings related to compliance, aml and cft.
as a form of deterrence, we have taken the initiative to put in place several anti-corruption policies available on the company's general online drive for all employees to access.
in fy2022, a total number of 102 employees 100% of eligible employees attended our aml/cft training.
sfl also engages an external consultant every two years to train all staff about new and recent developments in aml/cft to keep staff aware of the aml/cft developments.
sfl does not have a significant portion of its activities being carried out by workers who are not employees.
corporate governance singapura finance ltd the “company” is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of corporate governance so as to ensure greater transparency, accountability, and maximisation of long-term shareholder value.
board matters the board’s conduct of affairs principle 1: the company is headed by an effective board which is collectively responsible and works with management for the long-term success of the company.
directors’ fiduciary duties and conflicts of interest provision 1.1 the board is collectively responsible for providing overall strategy and direction to management in order to achieve sustainable and successful performance for the company and its subsidiaries collectively, the “group” . all board members bring their independent judgement, diversified knowledge and extensive experience in fulfilling its oversight responsibility of the group’s business and affairs, to enable the group to meet its objectives for the long-term success of the group.
the board also sets the tone for the group where ethics and values are concerned.
establishing a framework of prudent and effective controls which enables risks to be assessed and managed, including safeguarding of shareholders’ interests and the company’s assets.
setting the company’s values and standards including ethical standards and ensure that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and met.
considering sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation.
assuming responsibility for corporate governance.
each director should as far as possible, avoid situations where there might reasonably appear to be conflicts of interest.
when facing a potential conflict of interest, the affected director should make prompt disclosure to the board and recuse himself/herself from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict, unless the board is of the opinion that his/her participation is necessary.
corporate governance delegation of authority by the board to its board committees provision 1.4 to ensure that specific issues are subject to in-depth and timely review, certain functions have been delegated to various board committees, which would submit their recommendations or decisions to the board.
the six board committees are: audit committee “ac” risk management committee “rmc” nominating committee “nc” remuneration committee “rc” executive committee “exco” digitalization committee “dc” these board committees are formed with clear written terms of reference “tor” approved by the board, setting out their compositions, authorities and duties, including reporting back to the board.
nc principle 4 rc principle 6 rmc principle 9 ac principle 10 in addition to the six board committees, the board is also supported by sustainability steering committee “ssc” , comprising management and head of various departments of the company.
board and board committees meetings and attendance provision 1.5 regular board and board committee meetings are held.
the annual meeting dates of the board and board committees are scheduled in advance each year, in consultation with the directors to assist them in planning their attendance.
corporate governance the number of board and board committees meetings as well as general meetings held during fy2022, and the attendances of the directors during these meetings are as follows: table: meeting attendance of directors fy2022 : no.
\ by invitation directors' orientation, induction, training and development provision 1.2 a formal letter is sent to newly appointed directors upon their appointment explaining their duties and obligations as directors.
new directors receive appropriate training and briefing in areas such as accounting, legal, the roles and responsibilities of his or her duties as a director of a listed company and how to discharge those duties when they are first appointed to the board.
the company will conduct orientation programme to familiarise the incoming directors with the company's organisation structure, business and governance practices.
the directors are also provided with updates and/or briefings from time to time by professional advisers, auditors, management and the company secretary in areas such as directors' duties and responsibilities, corporate governance practices, relevant legislations and regulations, risk management and financial reporting standards.
to keep pace with regulatory changes, the directors are encouraged to attend seminars, workshops and receive training in areas such as directors' duties and responsibilities, changes in regulations and regulatory framework including financial reporting standards and the sgx-st listing manual which are relevant to the company's business and operations, so as to enable them to perform effectively as directors.
management and the company's auditors, who can provide additional insight to the matters for discussion, are also invited from time to time to attend such meetings.
minutes of the board and board committees meetings are circulated to all directors so that each director is apprised of the topics discussed and deliberated during each board committee meeting.
access to management, the company secretary and independent professional advice provision 1.7 all directors have separate and independent access to management at all times, and unrestricted access to the company's records and information.
they received detailed financial and operational reports from management during the year to enable them to carry out their duties.
the directors have separate and independent access to the advice and services of the company secretary or his/her representative s who attends and records the minutes of all board and board committee meetings.
the company secretary or his/her representative s attends all board meetings and is responsible for, among other things, ensuring that board procedures are observed and that applicable rules and regulations are complied with.
corporate governance board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
the independent non-executive directors “ineds” , comprising majority of the board, are able to exercise objective and independent judgment on matters of the group.
there is a strong independent element on the board as at the date of this report.
the nc takes into account the annual confirmation of independence completed by each ined.
ineds are required under the annual confirmation to critically assess their independence.
having performed a rigorous review of their independence, the nc and the board are of the view that these directors continue to be independent notwithstanding their length of service.
each of these directors has consistently demonstrated strong independence of judgment and integrity of character in discharging his/her respective responsibilities.
all the ineds are sitting in the respective board committees which require special skillset and experience and their contribution are still required at the committees level.
their vast experience enables them to provide the board and the various board committees which they serve, with pertinent experience and competence to facilitate sound decision-making.
the board trust that they are able to continue to discharge their duties independently with integrity and competency.
the board considers its ineds to be of significant influence and their views to be invaluable such that no individual or small group of individuals can dominate the board’s decision-making processes.
corporate governance board composition and diversity provision 2.4 the board, assisted by the nc, reviews the board size and composition regularly to ensure its appropriateness in facilitating robust engagement and effective decision-making under the group's current scope and nature of operations and business requirements.
board diversity the company recognises the need and benefits of embracing diversity at the board level to enhance stewardship and decision-making capabilities that commensurate with the ever-evolving operating environment.
to promote diversity of the board, the company has adopted the board diversity policy, taking into consideration the following aspects: age gender nationalities ethnicity experience educational background skills knowledge length of service independence if applicable other relevant qualities considered essential for the effective governance of the company.
selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives as mentioned above.
board composition the current members of the board are prominent business leaders and professionals with financial, banking and business management backgrounds.
corporate governance gender male: 75% female: 25% age 81-90: 1 71-80: 3 61-70: 1 51-60: 1 41-50: 2 independence executive directors: 25% independent directors: 75% tenure of service up to 10 years: 2 11 to 20 years: 3 21 to 30 years: 1 31 to 40 years: 1 41 to 50 years: 1 setting targets, plans and timelines the nc discuss and agree annually the relevant measurable targets for promoting and achieving diversity on the board and make its recommendations for consideration and approval by the board.
meeting of independent directors without management provisions 2.5 the ineds constructively challenge, assist with development of strategic proposals, review the performance of management in meeting goals and objectives and monitor the reporting of performance.
chairman and chief executive officer principle 3: there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
he ensures the members of the board receive accurate, timely and clear information, in particular, the company's performance, to enable the board to make sound decisions, monitor effectively and provide advice to promote the success of the company.
he also encourages constructive relations between the board and management, and between the executive and non-executive directors.
board membership principle 4: the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
the lid, mrs yu-foo yee shoon, is the chairperson of the nc.
b identify and nominate suitable candidates to the board based on merit and independence, and against objective criteria while paying due regard to the need for diversity on the board.
any search firm engaged to assist the board or board committees in identifying candidates for appointment to the board will be specifically directed to include diverse candidates.
the nc identifies and interviews short-listed candidates before recommending them for appointment formally to the board and, where applicable, to the board committees.
the decision on the selection of new director s will be based on merit against objective criteria that complements and expands the skills and experience of the board as a whole, having considered the overall balance and effectiveness of a diverse board.
when considering the nomination of directors for re-appointment, the nc takes into account their contribution to the effectiveness of the board as well as their time commitment, especially for directors who have multiple board representations, and also reviews their independence.
corporate governance succession planning for the board, the board chairman and senior management the board believes in carrying out succession planning for itself, the board chairman and the senior management team to ensure continuity of leadership.
board performance principle 5: the board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.
when assessing the overall board performance, the nc takes into consideration the feedback from individual directors on areas relating to the board's competencies and effectiveness.
the nc assesses the performance of all the board committees with the assistance of self-assessment checklists completed by each of the board committees.
board evaluation criteria the qualitative criteria are set out in a questionnaire covering three main areas relating to board composition, roles and responsibilities, conduct of meetings and access to information.
board committee evaluation criteria the qualitative criteria are set out in a questionnaire covering areas relating to composition of the board committee, its roles and responsibilities, conduct of meetings and access to information.
corporate governance individual director evaluation criteria factors taken into account in the assessment of a director's performance include his abilities and competencies, his objectivity and the level of participation at board and board committee meetings including his contribution to board processes and the business strategies and performance of the company.
the rc's recommendations are submitted for endorsement by the board.
corporate governance the remuneration packages of executive directors and kmp are approved by the board upon recommendations by the rc.
when reviewing the structure and level of directors' fees, the rc takes into consideration the directors' respective roles and responsibilities in the board and board committees, effort and time spent, and changes in the business, corporate governance practices and regulatory rules.
corporate governance the rc has recommended that the board tables for shareholders' approval at the agm, the payment of directors' fees of singapore dollar480,000 for fy2022.
the board concurred with the rc that the proposed directors' fees for fy2022 are appropriate and not excessive, taking into consideration the level of contributions by the directors, the effort and time spent serving on the board and board committees, as well as the responsibilities and obligations associated with their duties as directors.
accountability and audit risk management and internal controls principle 9: the board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
design, implementation and monitoring of risk management and internal control systems provision 9.1 accountability of board and management the directors recognise that they have overall responsibility to ensure accurate financial reporting for the group.
environmental risk environmental risk issues, in particular climate change, have become a major global challenge and urgently require a coordinated global response.
in singapore, there is a growing momentum to build a financial landscape which is conducive to achieve environmentally sustainable growth while contributing to the global efforts to transition to a low-carbon, climate resilience economy.
in december 2020, the mas issued a set of environmental risk management guidelines for the financial sector with the aim to enhance the sector’s resilience to and management of environmental risk through the setting of sound risk management practices, including governance & strategy and disclosure of environment risk information.
financial institutions are encouraged to integrate environmental risks into their business and investment decisions and disclose meaningful information that would enable its stakeholders to evaluate their performance in addressing environmental issues as a risk and an opportunity.
while the scale, scope and business models of financial institutions can differ vastly, mas expects approaches to managing and disclosing environmental risk to mature as the methodologies for assessing, monitoring and reporting such risk evolve.
in its support to align its corporate philosophy, strategy and goals to the government’s vision of green finance, the company has in place a framework for its environmental risk management.
the underlying structure of the framework will recognize that environmental risk poses potential financial and reputational impact to the company in the form of: credit risk - adverse climate change can impair the value of assets held by our customers, or impact supply chains affecting our customers’ operations and profitability, and potentially, their viability.
the compliance department is responsible for the group's satisfactory compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements and internal policies, including applicable rules and policies on anti-money laundering and counter financing of terrorism.
the compliance department is an independent function within the organisation which provides support such as carrying out independent checks upon implementation of new or changes in policies and procedures, as well as providing advice on regulatory requirements to relevant departments.
audit committee principle 10: the board has an audit committee which discharges its duties objectively.
how the ac reviewed these matters and what decisions were made: the ac was satisfied with the governing procedures and controls that have been put in place.
the ac is satisfied that the external auditors has the requisite expertise and resources to perform their duties.
accordingly, the ac has nominated kpmg llp for re-appointment as the external auditors at the forthcoming agm.
corporate governance internal audit provision 10.4 the group has a well-established internal audit function with formal procedures for the internal auditors to report their audit findings directly to the ac.
the annual internal audit plan is prepared in consultation with, but independent of management, and submitted to the ac for approval.
the ac ensures that the internal audit function has appropriate standing within the company.
the findings and recommendations made by the internal auditors have been adequately followed through and implemented by management in the financial year.
the ac participates in and approves the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the internal audit function.
the internal auditors are given unfettered access to all company documents, records, properties and personnel, including access to the ac.
staffed by suitably qualified executives with relevant qualifications and experience, the primary role of the internal audit function is to assist the board to evaluate the reliability, adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and risk management processes of the company.
in doing so, the ac takes into consideration the service level, attentiveness, professionalism and calibre of the assigned personnel who carried out the internal audit activities during the financial year.
the ac is also responsible for approving the appointment, remuneration, evaluation, resignation or dismissal of the head of internal audit department.
in carrying out its function, our internal auditors are guided by the standards for the professional practice of internal auditing set by the institute of internal auditors.
the ac has appointed ernst & young llp singapore to perform the internal audit functions for the information technology services department of the group.
based on its assessment, the board, with the concurrence of the ac, is of the opinion that the internal audit function was independent, effective and adequately resourced during fy2022.
the group has a separate compliance function to help ensure adherence with applicable legislation, rules and regulations in the conduct of its business.
meeting with external and internal auditors provision 10.5 the ac meets with the external and internal auditors without the presence of management at least twice during the year.
the ac has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its tor, full access to and co-operation of management and the internal auditors and has full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings.
the auditors, both internal and external, have unrestricted access to the ac.
the whistleblowing policy is reviewed by the ac and approved by the board annually to ensure that it remains current and relevant.
the ac is responsible for oversight and monitoring of whistleblowing.
all shareholders are entitled to attend the general meetings and will be given ample opportunity and time to participate effectively and vote at the meetings.
corporate governance separate resolutions at general meetings on each substantially separate issue provision 11.2 separate resolution and full information on each distinct issue are provided in the agenda for the meetings.
attendance at general meetings provision 11.3 all directors, including the chairman of the board and the chairmen of the ac, rmc, nc, rc, exco and dc, and management will endeavor to attend the general meetings to address questions from shareholders.
the external auditor will also be present to assist directors in addressing shareholders’ queries on the conduct of audit and the preparation and contents of the auditors’ report.
engagement with shareholders principle 12: the company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meeting and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.
regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders provision 12.1 the company believes that a high standard of disclosure is key to good corporate governance.
the company's agm and other general meetings are the main forum for dialogue with shareholders.
the board endeavours to address all substantial and relevant questions from shareholders either before or at the general meetings.
investor relations provisions 12.2 and 12.3 as a demonstration of the company's commitment to transparency and fair disclosure, the company has in place an investor relations policy which provides guidance on when and how the company engages and communicates with shareholders.
corporate governance managing stakeholders relationships engagement with stakeholders principle 13: the board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.
management of stakeholder relationships provision 13.2 the board sets the tone from the top for matters such as values and standards including ethical business practices and brand reputation.
recognising that perceptions of key stakeholders can affect an organisation's reputation, the executive directors and management actively identify and engage with key stakeholders of the group, and updates and any relevant feedback received are communicated to the board.
ethical standards the company manages its business according to the core values of integrity, performance excellence, teamwork, trust and respect to which staff subscribes to and are assessed on.
the company has an internal code of conduct which defines the company's business principles and practices with respect to matters which may have ethical implications.
easily accessible to all employees via the company's shared drive, it provides a framework for staff to observe the company's principles such as honesty, integrity, responsibility and accountability at all levels of the organisation and in the conduct of the company's business in their relationships with various stakeholders, including situations where there are potential conflict of interests.
in line with the board's commitment to maintain high ethical standard, the company has a suite of corporate policies and procedures in place.
the company has a sustainability steering committee “ssc” which supports the board in overseeing the management and monitoring of environmental, social, and governance “esg” issues.
the audit committee held four meetings since the last directors' statement.
it has full authority and the discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings.
the audit committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and has recommended to the board of directors that the auditors, kpmg llp, be nominated for re-appointment as auditors at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities “acra code” together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
the report covers the audit responsibilities, a report on other legal and regulatory requirements, and identifies the engagement partner.
benefits are only applicable to employees who joined before 28 december 2002 and completed 12 years of continuous service.
in addition, internal audits are conducted on an on-going basis to confirm that these policies and procedures are functioning effectively and any deviations are duly highlighted for special attention.
any material changes to the ecl framework, methodology and policies are reviewed by sc before recommendation to the audit committee for concurrence and approval.
the group has internal governance frameworks and controls in place to assess the appropriateness of pmas.
member of the audit, nominating, remuneration and risk management committees.
