resustainability limited integrated annual report fy 2021-22 reimagining the future the image depicts a circular design with various icons representing sustainability initiatives, including renewable energy, recycling, eco-friendly transportation, and responsible consumption.
there are no tables or charts in this image to extract.
our narrative also highlights the company's governance, business strategy, and emphasis on creating sustainable ecosystems globally.
the report discusses our relationship with key resources that help us to create long-term stakeholder and environmental value.
these resources are organized under six key capitals, namely, financial, manufactured, human, intellectual, natural, and social & relationship.
feedback we value your interest in our sustainability efforts and invite you to share your feedback and questions with us.
along this journey, we set several benchmarks – we established the first biomedical waste management facility in the country, the first industrial waste management facility in the country, the first integrated municipal waste management facility, and many others.
today, we stand at a point where we are managing 7 million tons of waste every year.
as evidenced by the 2022 intergovernmental panel on climate change's ipcc recent sixth assessment report, the urgent call for sustainable development has never been stronger than in the present.
for sustainable development goals to be realised, the waste management sector needs to undergo a transformational change.
we believe that, as pioneers and sector leaders, we need to be at the forefront of this transformation.
therefore, as we reaffirm our purpose to create a more sustainable future for all, we have commenced a journey to redefine ourselves, from a leading waste management business to a global resource management and circular economy business.
our re-branding from ramky enviro engineers limited reel to re sustainability limited resl and our new visual identity is an expression of this intent.
as part of this transformation, we are reshaping our ambitions, refocusing our goals and realigning our expertise along a set of strategic priorities that include: sustainability impact at scale; innovation, inclusion & partnerships; operational excellence and digitalization; and a great place to work.
it is in this context and with this intent, we have set out to reimagine the future – a world with infinite resources and zero waste.
resl highlights fy 2021-22 ramky enviro engineers limited reel is now re sustainability limited 336 million units of electricity generated from waste to energy recovery facilities 22% fleet substitution with electric vehicles geographical expansion of operation at northeast - bmw under commissioning at agartala, tripura 5,000 tonnes per day of waste recycling first of its kind: precious metal recovery plant is under construction, hyderabad salt recovery from industrial waste trial runs in progress capacity addition facilities operations commenced : 2 tsdfs 1 c&d 1 msw 1 recyclables collection centre facilities under commissioning/expansion : 6 tsdfs 2 wte 7 msw 3 bmw 2 cetps advancing digitalization for internal operations and external stakeholder connect enhanced women empowerment women workforce initiative at narela, delhi marine waste management oman maritime waste treatment s.a.o.s initiative dei council diversity, equity and inclusion at workplace zero fatalities 50k+ csr beneficiaries financial highlights: 24.5% roce inr 459 cr pat inr 551 cr capital expenditure inr 940 cr ebitda notes: the image contains various icons representing each initiative or achievement.
leadership message the image shows a graphic design representing a leadership message, with a line drawing of a group of business people.
leadership message worldwide, leaders of developed and emerging economies are pledging billions of dollars for investment in sustainable development and solutions aimed at decarbonization.
parallelly, the idea of a circular economy is fast gaining traction, creating an immense change in waste generation, production, and consumption practices across industry sectors.
today, there is an increasing focus on minimizing waste generation and on viewing it as a resource of value.
these significant global changes are reason for hope and optimism.
as we move ahead, we remain dedicated to leveraging the best of technology and innovation to create value at scale for the business and our varied stakeholder groups.
collaborations and targeted partnerships have a major role to play as we strive to realize our ambitions.
the impending launch of the unique innovation fund is a unique step, aimed to attract innovation efforts and partnerships that will enable us to move closer to fulfilling our aspirations.
in the coming years, we look forward to widening the scope of our collaborative associations by making the fund accessible to changemakers worldwide.
our people remain the bedrock of resl's sustained growth and success.
our commitment to increasing social inclusion and diversity will be achieved through internal initiatives such as the recently established diversity and inclusion council and through corporate social responsibility programmes among underserved communities.
the environmental impact of businesses is a critical consideration for many stakeholders, not least investors and communities.
this aspect is rapidly gaining recognition not only globally, but in india as well.
resl's focus on energy efficiency, decarbonization and effective water management are high priorities for the business while the implementation of circular economy principles in the company's processes will continue to find novel applications in our expanded scope.
as we move forward in a post-pandemic world, i would like to acknowledge everyone at resl and our many stakeholders for the resilience and fortitude they have displayed through some very trying times.
my sincere gratitude goes to the board members of resl, the executive team, our people and all other stakeholders who enable us to dream big, reimagine our role in the world and reshape our ambitions.
leadership message fy 2021-22 has been a landmark year as we evolved from being ramky enviro engineers limited reel to re sustainability limited resl . powered by reshaped ambitions and a reimagined sustainable future, resl embodies the expanded scope of our business, transitioning from waste management to embracing sustainable resource recovery and a circular economy.
our new identity is an expression of our values and demonstrates the importance we place on technology and innovation at scale.
as a leading global resource management specialist, we are dedicated to creating a sustainable world that is abundant in resources and devoid of waste.
resl's expanded ambitions and consistent growth are rooted in ensuring our customer's sustainability objectives are addressed to high levels of satisfaction.
we continue to prioritize customer engagements and strive to introduce innovative solutions that support their growth trajectories.
innovation is key among these.
continuing to emphasize a culture of innovation within the organization, we are establishing a center of excellence research & innovation in hyderabad and envisage that it will lead, guide, and monitor all ongoing and future innovation projects.
through this fund, we would encourage innovation in decarbonization technologies, support the development and transition to a circular economy, and emphasize social inclusion as this shift occurs.
we have rolled out reeloop, a digital platform which gives our institutional customers a transparent view of the waste management process.
having seen its success in 8 cities in india, we now plan to make it more widely available in additional cities.
another technology-led initiative is the internal audit management system iams which supports improved risk and compliance management.
the integrated resource information system iris is soon to be deployed, with the aim of easing the process of monitoring our operations, from the collection of resource material to its disposal.
staying true to our vision of delivering world-class solutions with upgraded technology, resl rolled out several new initiatives in 2022. among these is the first-of-its-kind construction & demolition c&d recycling facility in hyderabad that provides a sustainable solution for waste generated during urbanization.
our hyderabad integrated municipal solid waste himsw site witnessed the inauguration of the world's first and india's largest landfill gas to compressed biogas plant which will support affordable transportation.
by 2025, india is estimated to have over 2 crore vehicles close to the end of their lifecycle.
taking the opportunity presented by the government of india's policy on vehicle scrappage and end-of-life vehicle management, resl announced a nationwide network of end-of-life vehicle recycling facilities on world environment day, supporting the theme of generationrestoration and reiterating our commitment to large-scale sustainable solutions.
the launch of our fleet of iot-enabled pickup trucks for hyderabad and secunderabad is envisaged to not only transform the waste management systems in the twin cities but also ensure the protection of the environment and people by deploying the latest technology.
resl's many endeavors include initiatives directed towards enabling citizens to adopt sustainable living practices.
our efforts have been appreciated in the coveted cii 3r awards for excellence in waste management among several others that we have received in the current year.
resl's people have often extended themselves in moments of crisis and did so yet again as chennai was inundated late in 2021. resl's chennai team not only ensured efficient waste collection but also facilitated cleaning to minimize the risk of environmental and health hazards.
our people are the organization's most valuable resource, and their overall wellbeing and professional development is accorded due primacy.
it is also a priority for us to build capacity to support employee productivity and to equip them with the skills to accept new challenges and responsibilities.
we also place strong emphasis on inculcating a culture and mindset of sustainability throughout the organization and have implemented initiatives that involve employees' active participation in achieving the company's sustainability goals.
while a periodic employee survey serves as a barometer of how we fare on supporting employee wellbeing and development, an external certification would enhance our credibility as an employer of choice.
to this end, we are working towards achieving a great place to work certification.
social inclusion is integral to resl's sustained growth.
we are making concerted efforts to enhance the diversity of our workforce and to be recognized as an equal opportunity employer.
deepening our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion, we established a diversity and inclusion council in fy 2021-22.
comprising members of our executive team and business operations, this council oversees the formulation and implementation of plans to enhance diversity and social inclusion within the organization.
our upstream value chain comprising our supply partners play a crucial role in fulfilling our sustainability ambitions.
we also support local procurement and, in the reporting year, directed 10% of our procurement expenditure towards local suppliers.
over the years, our corporate social responsibility csr initiatives have made a meaningful difference to the lives of the communities we work within.
in fy 2021-22, we maintained focus on each of the key thrust areas.
this report is a testimony to our efforts to reach for the highest levels of sustainability as an organization and to contribute to making the world more sustainable.
he has helped to lead and grow some of india's largest public services companies.
she is a member of the nomination & remuneration and csr committees of resl.
she also serves as the chief sustainability, csr and communications officer at renew power, one of india's largest renewable energy ipps independent power producer . under the ambit of renew india initiative rii , vaishali drives the company's csr and sustainability initiatives and is also founding chair, renew foundation.
after that, with her return to india, she pursued her journey as a social entrepreneur.
he has the credit and distinction of establishing india's first integrated hazardous waste, medical waste and municipal waste management facilities and has been part of developing india's largest waste to energy project.
along with that, he is also a member of executive board committee, esg committee and risk committee at the company.
he has worked with leading global corporations, investors and financial institutions on large capital projects, m&a, risk management and sustainability issues for over 25 years, across four continents.
mr. mallick has also advised the government of india on environmental policy and legislation, including regulatory standards and the country's sustainable development goals.
in fy 2021-22, we reaffirmed our purpose and directed our expertise and goals to creating long-term value and building resilience for a more sustainable world.
from being a business primarily focused on waste management, we redefined ourselves as a sustainable resource recovery and circular economy business.
we are now re sustainability limited, resl , a best-in-class global resource management specialist, committed to enabling a resource-abundant and zero-waste future with scale, speed, and innovation.
we continue to be a leader in the resource management sector in india, providing services to manage significant amounts of industrial and municipal solid waste as well as bio-medical waste.
more information about us is available on our corporate website https://resustainability.com/ our business solutions industrial waste management 1.1 mn+ tons of industrial waste handled per annum end-to-end secure logistics and processing of all types of hazardous waste municipal solid waste 4.6 million tons of waste processed and disposed 4.1 million tons waste collected and transported smart and holistic solutions e.grams., street sweeping, doorstep pickup, transportation, processing and disposal bio medical waste serving 400k+ beds across 40,000 healthcare establishments safe transportation and disposal of hospital and pharmaceutical waste including covid-19 waste , rejected or expired products waste to energy 336 million units generated from 2 wte plants with a combined capacity of 43.8 megawatt design, build and operate waste-to-energy plants recycling circular economy through value recovery from industrial, commercial, domestic waste, electronic waste, and construction and demolition waste etc. integrated environmental services integrated solutions blue-chip clientele best-in-class technology and r&d capabilities other business integrated end-to-end automated car park management facilities management marine waste management marpol a picture of a waste management truck.
our clientele we are a preferred partner for leading pharmaceutical, manufacturing, it, and fertilizer companies, as well as governments, municipal bodies, and healthcare establishments.
map illustrating resl's operational locations across various countries.
best employer award, 2020 awarded in 2021 : times ascent and world hrd congress best epr strategy award, 2022: bw recycling for greener tomorrow awards covid 19 excellence award, 2021: global safety summit image depicting various award trophies.
values integrity quality, timely and budgetary deliverance customer satisfaction safety, health and environment innovation social commitment purpose to be a leading provider of sustainability solutions across emerging economies strategic priorities sustainability impact @ scale inclusion, innovation and partnerships operational excellence and digitalization great place to work //image of a person looking through a telescope on an arrow, representing progress.
we aim to reposition, scale up and actively grow priority businesses such as integrated waste management, bio-medical waste and recycling while restructuring the growth roadmap for other solutions.
we are laying the groundwork to be widely known as the partner of choice for sustainable solutions and for making zero waste to landfill a reality in india and emerging economies.
image of a female employee inclusion, innovation and partnerships our focus on inclusion, innovation and partnerships will see resl foster an ecosystem of innovation through the innovation fund, as well as reinforce and forge new partnerships in technology research with cleantech innovators, academic institutions and corporates.
we are also working to promote a culture of innovation within the organization through targeted activities.
industry partnerships play an important role in realizing our ambitions and we aim to continue to participate actively in various forums.
community development, in many different dimensions, is integral to how we do business.
our sustained growth includes the wellbeing of the communities around us who will continue to receive support for socio-economic development through our corporate social responsibility csr initiatives.
further, it will play a key role in increasing transparency as we employ it to expand and upgrade our easy payment mechanism.
we will continue to augment the sustainability of our business by identifying opportunities that help us lower our carbon footprint and achieve net negative carbon status e.grams., through alternate fuels, electric mobility, solar energy, creating tree cover on scale etc. we also aim to be a water positive business in the coming years.
image of employees working together great place to work resl's people are our most powerful growth engine and ensuring the highest levels of employee wellbeing and satisfaction are among our foremost priorities.
we endeavour to create and deliver outstanding employee experiences and look forward to being certified as a great place to work by 2025. image of a diagram showing communication and work there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
corporate governance we believe that corporate governance is about creating sustainable value for the organization and all our stakeholders by ensuring sound decision making, and management underpinned by integrity, accountability, transparency, and an inclusive approach.
corporate governance at resl is driven by the highest standards of quality and ethical conduct.
the board's committees and our well-established policy framework guide the ethical governance of the company, so essential to our continued growth towards greater sustainability.
additionally, the audit committee updates the board and organization on changes and developments in the business and regulatory environment and promotes high standards of ethical conduct, transparency, and fairness in the organization’s operation and management.
this committee is tasked with various governance, finance, risk, compliance related works including: selecting or reappointing statutory auditors and paying their fees reviewing financial statements before they are submitted to the board as well as internal audit findings participating in the company’s significant financial transactions overseeing implementation of the whistle blower mechanism nomination and remuneration committee the nomination and remuneration committee develops and sets the standards to appoint directors and senior management for the company.
the committee makes recommendations on board diversity and criteria to assess the performance of board members.
executive board committee this committee comprises resl’s executive directors who together are responsible for managing the company’s daily operations.
in doing so, this committee enables the board to focus on ensuring high standards organizational governance and helps the management to effectively manage the day to day operations.
esg committee the esg committee is responsible for upholding the company’s commitment to environmental sustainability and conservation, including climate change, health and safety of its employees and the communities in which it operates, corporate governance, reputation management, and diversity.
policy framework the board of directors has approved governance policies that are formulated to protect the organization's interests as well as those of all internal and external stakeholders.
code of conduct and business ethics at resl, we are committed to lawful and ethical behaviour.
resl's code of conduct and business ethics describes how we aspire to work and guides us in our business relationships.
this code helps us to build long-term relationships with our clients, suppliers, authorities, business partners, employees and all other stakeholders.
it also carries guidelines that help the board to regulate and monitor the ethical governance and culture of the organization.
over the past four years there have been no significant incidents of code of conduct breaches.
it calls for identified risks to be immediately mitigated with oversight from the board committee.
prevention of sexual harassment posh of women at workplace resl has zero tolerance for sexual harassment and gender-based discrimination and treats complaints of harassment seriously.
the company's posh policy adheres with india's sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013. it describes the conditions/scenarios that constitute harassment during the company's business and provides instructions on how to file complaints and seek redressal.
the organization's posh policy is implemented by the posh committee, a management body, which also oversees the prompt and proper resolution of complaints.
the company periodically conducts trainings to enhance awareness and information about sexual harassment, the channels for filing complaints, and resl's zero-tolerance stance.
the event comprised multiple engaging activities that attracted the participation of resl employees from across the company's many sites and locations.
knowledge sessions were conducted on sustainability, information security and technology for sustainability, governance, risk and compliance, hr policies, diversity and social commitment.
awareness sessions to reduce fear of emissions from plants.
response/mitigation plan/action: local workforce has been hired to create more awareness and relationships.
continuous dialogue with the local communities to improve relationship and understanding of resl's business.
risk category: compliance risks, risk summary: severe operational and reputational consequences from non-adherence with legal and regulatory requirements, response/mitigation plan/action: a compliance tool has been implemented with a comprehensive list of applicable compliances.
regular audits at different levels have been conducted to ensure proper monitoring of compliances.
continuous trainings have been provided.
risk category: human resource risks, risk summary: gaps in talent attraction and retention can adversely impact revenues and profitability, response/mitigation plan/action: performance-based leadership development programs and role enhancements have been implemented to retain and develop leaders and key talent internally.
daily toolbox talks and briefings on safety trainings.
weekly and monthly trainings are implemented.
response/mitigation plan/action: graphical awareness posters and trainings have been implemented to increase awareness.
facilities have been assessed for risk of natural disasters and mitigation plans have been developed.
cultural changes to ohs have been developed.
procedures and standards have been updated.
sustainability @ resl sustainability has been the cornerstone of resl's business from its inception, over 25 years ago.
reiterating our commitment to sustainable development, in fy 2021-22, we transitioned from ramky enviro engineers ltd to re sustainability, embedding sustainability across our value chain.
our commitment confirms our endeavours to reimagine the world sustainably and is demonstrated in our commitment to building a robust business ecosystem, ensuring that we create value for our people and communities and exemplify leadership in climate action, effective resource management and environmental protection.
we have adopted the esg approach to sustainable growth and value creation and have ensured that these considerations underpin all aspects of the business.
each pillar comprises clearly defined objectives and is supported by a well-defined roadmap that enables us to align our work with the sdgs and contribute to their fulfillment.
recommiting to sustainable development goals strengthen the means of implementation & revitalize the global partnership and sustainable development partnership with iits - landfill design validation and sustainability policy advocacy - ficci, cii, assocham partnership with neeri for environmental assessments partner with the national bank for agriculture and rural development nabard to enable farmers to conserve and manage natural resources such as soil and water promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels human rights redressal system grievance redressal system protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss diversion of waste from landfill through coprocessing and other means incorporation of vertical landfills 30% project area under green cover conserve and sustainably use the oceans, sea and marine resources for sustainable development oman maritime waste management s.a.o.s treatment project target shipping related industries in the port that generate waste take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts around 32% of fleet consist of compressed natural gas cng and electric vehicles ev 12% aux power consumption maintained in wte ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns salt recovery plant reduces the load on landfills and the salt being hygroscopic, does not generate leachate, thereby prevents soil contamination 1,83,561 paver blocks/kerb stones/bricks made from c&d waste 83,678 mt of compost generated from municipal solid waste make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable 45,94,402 mt of msw processed and disposed 3,10,985 mt of c&d waste handled 49,035 mt of bmw handled toilets, solar lights, drainage works, road repairs, are part of our csr activities reduce inequality within and among countries current share of women employees in all management positions has significantly increased diversity, equity and inclusion council and equal opportunity employer end hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture inclusion of organic farming, consumers got nutritious food which was free from chemicals our csr activities increased beneficiaries crop yield by 200 kgs per acre cost of cultivation reduced from inr 28,000 to inr 18,000 through organic farming ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages employee wellbeing initiatives robust ohs system, trainings, initiatives, and presence of a safety committee food, ppe material, oxygen concentrators, support to phcs, medical camps, flood relief activities, drinking water facility through 13 ro plants bore wells & medical aid 15,000 families benefitted from resl's health initiatives ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all school renovation activities isha- integrated school holistic approach project wherein government schools receive assistance in the form of scholarships, educational materials, classroom construction, hygienic sanitation etc. impact: 3,500+ students across 5 states to achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls women's day celebration diversity, equity and inclusion council ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all 500 - 1,000 lph capacity ro plants installed across multiple states recycle and reuse of water: ro, mee, atfd, spray drier, mvr plants ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all the solar plant at hyderabad integrated municipal solid waste treatment facility produced 0.225 mu of electricity 2 wte plants at hyderabad and delhi that generate 336 mu of electricity promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all inr 2,996 cr revenue and inr 551 cr capital expenditure 24.5% roce making employees a part of sustainability goals innovation fund build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization & foster innovation mechanized stabilization introduced to automate the treatment process 11,42,583 mt of industrial hazardous waste handled re sustainability limited image of the sustainable development goals wheel value creation model drivers: integrity , inputs: financial capital capex allocated for organization's growth: inr 551 cr working capital: inr 847 cr debt-equity ratio: 0.30, value created: financial capital ebitda: 940 cr 5-year cagr: 14.05% revenue growth roce at 24.5% in fy 21-22 sustainable growth driven by operational performance drivers: customer satisfaction , inputs: manufactured capital india: - msw: 20 facilities - tsdf: 17 facilities - plastics recycling: 3 facilities - recyclables collection centre: 4 facilities - e-waste: 2 facilities singapore – car park management & facilities management middle east – marine waste facility, material recovery facility, medical and hazardous waste treatment facility, value created: manufactured capital 16 facilities are certified for iso 9001, 14001, and 45001 standards waste to resources: - energy produced: 335,883 megawatt-hours - number of paver blocks/kerb stones/bricks made: 183,561 - rdf sent to cement industry : 162,200 mt - plastics recycled: 5,986 mt - compost produced: 83,678 mt - cbg generated from landfills: 47.5 mt drivers: innovation , inputs: intellectual capital 11 researchers/scientists in resl r&d centers across 3 indian states resource allocation for advancing towards digitalization, value created: intellectual capital digitalization tools for internal operations and external stakeholder connect – reeloop, iris, iams unique initiative: - marine waste management marpol - innovation fund - salt recovery from industrial waste drivers: quality, timely and budgetary deliverance , inputs: human capital total number of regular full-time employees in india: 10,204 28,537+ hours of training per employee of training provided 94,703 total man-hours of training per employee of safety training provided to management employees cost for external training incurred: inr 8,61,000 dei council constituted, value created: human capital 25% representation of women on the board 100% of employees receive performance and career development reviews zero reported fatalities employee engagement score: 5.3 drivers: safety, health and environment , inputs: social & relationship capital resl csr expenditure: inr 10 cr approx.
we engage with them on an ongoing basis on numerous topics using a variety of appropriate channels, both formal and informal.
table: stakeholder engagement channels and topics stakeholder group: employees, engagement channels: internal employee communications, townhall meetings, trainings, leadership webinars, engaging leadership sessions, team building activities and employee engagement initiatives, social media, topics/areas of concern: company's mission, vision, values, health and safety, compliance; capacity building; internal communications and achievements; sustainability objectives and initiatives stakeholder group: customers, engagement channels: in-person dialogues, grievance redressal system, trade shows, topics/areas of concern: customer satisfaction; trust and transparency-based relationship building; achieve customer sustainability goals stakeholder group: suppliers, engagement channels: quarterly review meetings, supplier audits and onboarding system, topics/areas of concern: transparency; sustainable procurement stakeholder group: local communities, engagement channels: csr and social development initiatives, topics/areas of concern: community development; enhanced quality of life; environmental preservation stakeholder group: government & regulatory authorities, engagement channels: mandatory compliance reports, industry forums, statutory meetings, policy advocacy, topics/areas of concern: compliance with esg requirements stakeholder group: investors, engagement channels: board meetings, annual general meeting, investor meets, topics/areas of concern: governance and financial performance; approvals and information rights as required by the articles of association; esg performance; business updates; growth plans stakeholder group: bankers, engagement channels: in-person meetings/visits, topics/areas of concern: transparent financial transactions; debt repayment as per agreed schedule; funding arrangements table end.
materiality assessment we believe that true value is created only when we channel our resources to address issues that are significant for our stakeholders and impact their lives meaningfully.
table: resl materiality matrix s.no.: 1, universe of issues: fleet fuel management, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: manufactured, natural capital s.no.: 2, universe of issues: air emissions, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: low, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 3, universe of issues: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 4, universe of issues: water efficiency, recycle and reuse, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 5, universe of issues: biodiversity management, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 6, universe of issues: hazardous and non-hazardous waste management, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: low, capital type: manufactured capital s.no.: 7, universe of issues: sustainable supply chain management, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: all capital s.no.: 8, universe of issues: chemical safety, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: manufactured capital s.no.: 9, universe of issues: product safety and quality, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: manufactured capital s.no.: 10, universe of issues: sustainable raw materials, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: natural capital s.no.: 11, universe of issues: occupational health and safety, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: human capital s.no.: 12, universe of issues: community engagement/ csr, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: social & relationship capital s.no.: 13, universe of issues: human rights across value chain, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: social & relationship capital s.no.: 14, universe of issues: employee training and skill development, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: human capital s.no.: 15, universe of issues: talent attraction & retention, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: low, capital type: human capital s.no.: 16, universe of issues: promotion of diversity and inclusiveness, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: medium, capital type: human capital s.no.: 17, universe of issues: sustained profitability, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: medium, capital type: financial capital s.no.: 18, universe of issues: corporate governance, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: high, capital type: all capital s.no.: 19, universe of issues: branding and reputation, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: medium, capital type: all capital s.no.: 20, universe of issues: customer support and satisfaction, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: low, capital type: social & relationship capital s.no.: 21, universe of issues: regulatory compliance, importance to external stakeholders: high, importance to resl: medium, capital type: all capital s.no.: 22, universe of issues: innovation and r&d, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: low, capital type: intellectual capital s.no.: 23, universe of issues: data privacy & cyber security, importance to external stakeholders: low, importance to resl: low, capital type: all capital s.no.: 24, universe of issues: sustainability disclosures, importance to external stakeholders: medium, importance to resl: high, capital type: all capital table end.
material issues and reasons for importance the rationale behind choosing the material issues is as mentioned below: table: material issues and reasons for importance material issues: natural capital material issues: fleet fuel management, reason for importance: fossil fuels are a major source of greenhouse gas emissions increasing cost of fossil fuels impacts operational costs material issues: air emissions, reason for importance: area of high concern and risk for health emissions are a priority with respect to regulatory compliance material issues: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, reason for importance: high risk to the climate and health increasing focus on renewable energy among investors and global peers regulatory requirements require action on greenhouse gas emissions material issues: water efficiency, recycle and reuse, reason for importance: rapid groundwater depletion and increasing contamination resl operates a few facilities in water stressed areas and needs continued access to water the regulatory environment with respect to water is dynamic and calls for different responses material issues: chemical safety, reason for importance: health risks potential risk of customer backlash and damage to resl image in the event of an accident material issues: hazardous and non-hazardous waste management, reason for importance: regulatory risks arising from non-compliance as waste management is a core business area, any gaps pose high reputational risks note: this issue is also relevant to natural capital material issues: human capital material issues: occupational health and safety, reason for importance: health of the organization's workforce is high priority employees' health and safety have significant implications for operational continuity material issues: human rights across value chain, reason for importance: high regulatory demand for adherence area of high risk for resl's reputation material issues: social and relationship capital material issues: community engagement/csr, reason for importance: communities are key to operational continuity and sustainable business growth non-adherence poses risk of reputational loss material issues: sustainability disclosures, reason for importance: key to building and maintaining transparent and trust-based relationship with investors and other stakeholders material issues: financial capital material issues: sustained profitability, reason for importance: area of priority to ensure business continuity and growth as well as to prevent bankruptcy material issues: across all capitals material issues: corporate governance, reason for importance: essential to operating to high standards of transparency and accountability any governance lapses could result in lowered trust and credibility among investors and other stakeholders material issues: regulatory compliance, reason for importance: key to operational continuity and to resl's reputation table end.
illustrative image depicting a sustainable city.
financial capital image of a money bag and coins 62 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 63 there is no tabular or chart data in the provided image.
the image primarily contains a graphic representation of the concept of "financial capital." financial capital as corporates across the globe are riddled with the pressing challenge of the climate crisis, resl has ensured that cities remain clean, and residents stay safe by provisioning continual resource management services.
more than 70% was for the growth of new projects across msw, iwm, wte, bmw, and recycling.
projects across singapore and jvs/associates in the middle east also received investments.
wte 95%+ plant load factor in hyderabad wte hyderabad wte fully ramped up in fy 22 and started delivering better results than expected due to better waste quality, operational excellence.
one more recyclables collection centre has been added.
improved it security systems to enable: end-point security and encryption periodic security assessments establishment of security csirt and command center developed and implemented msw operations command center for process excellence and kpi monitoring.
capability building, leadership development and upgradation and institutionalization of key processes.
under project shikhar, we approved 53 ideas worth inr 54.4 crores.
ideas worth inr 5.6 crores were implemented.
fight against covid-19 despite covid 2nd wave, resl did not stop business for even a single day.
our employees were at the forefront of the nation's covid fight through the year, keeping our cities clean and handling 50 tons+ covid waste daily to ensure no reinfections occur.
recycling business: significant focus on recycling business – operational excellence in plastics manufacturing process.
e-waste and end of life vehicle elv plants to be commissioned and operate at full scale under new segments.
manufactured capital 72 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 73 waste handled resl's waste management facilities across the country manage several million total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of waste each year, employing environment-friendly technologies to convert waste into sustainable products.
the table below shows the total waste handled under different categories for fy 2021-22.
table: total waste handled fy 2021-22 waste: municipal solid waste msw processed and disposed , quantity of waste handled mt : 45,94,402 waste: msw collected and transported, quantity of waste handled mt : 41,16,239 waste: industrial/hazardous waste, quantity of waste handled mt : 11,42,583 waste: biomedical waste bmw , quantity of waste handled mt : 49,035 waste: construction & demolition c&d waste, quantity of waste handled mt : 3,10,985 waste: plastics recycled, quantity of waste handled mt : 5,986 waste: recyclables collected and redirected to authorized recyclers, quantity of waste handled mt : 8,043 waste: e-waste treated, quantity of waste handled mt : 411 table end.
\ including compost, rdf, wte etc. municipal solid waste management resl processed and disposed 45,94,402 mt of municipal solid waste at 11 locations in india, including 2 waste to energy wte plants.
with a staff of more than 8,000 people and one of the biggest transportation fleets in the country, we primarily serve municipal corporations as our clients.
our offerings include waste collection, which includes doorstep pickup and street sweeping, as well as the delivery of municipal solid waste to processing facilities.
resl collected and transported 41,16,239 mt municipal solid waste at 13 locations during the fy 2021-22.
industrial waste handled at treatment, storage, and disposal facilities tsdf we collect, transport, store, and handle hazardous material at our facilities, and ensure they are disposed of appropriately.
either secure landfills or thermal decomposition, commonly referred to as incineration, are used for disposal.
when a landfill is fully utilized, we permanently seal it and keep an eye on it to ensure relevant central pollution control board cpcb guidelines and the hazardous & other waste management & transboundary movement rules, 2016 and its subsequent amendments, are complied with.
1.14 million mt of various hazardous waste as follows: direct landfill dlf : 2,52,379 mt stabilization: 7,96,310 mt incineration inc : 84,171 mt alternative fuel & raw material afr : 9,723 mt our processing facility is fully geared up to segregate waste and extract as much value from organic material, plastic, glass, metals, and construction debris as is feasible.
from msw, the following products were generated: compost: 83,678 mt rdf to cement industry: 1,62,200 mt rdf to energy production: 10,49,264 mt cbg generated: 47.5 mt recyclables recovered: 26,425 mt energy generated: 3,35,883 megawatt-hours we have state-of-the-art dual chamber incineration facilities and laboratories that are accredited by the national accreditation board for testing and calibration laboratories nabl /ministry of environment, forest, and climate change moef&cc . we also have mechanized stabilizing systems, and other facilities and services that meet international standards.
high-end machinery like excavators, backhoe loaders, forklifts, dozers, compactors, incinerators, weighbridges, and specially designed waste carrying vehicles are some of our assets.
we have also put in place state-of-the-art equipment to track emissions and the effect of our operations on the quality of the air continuous emission monitoring system cems . we have leveraged digital tools, such as sap sd module to automate the processes from waste weighment to disposal and from disposal to invoicing.
in the reporting period, total quantity of plastics and glass recovered from the waste and then sent for recycling are 5,298 mt and 1,813 mt respectively.
in addition to the healthcare establishments, pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms are among our clients, for whom we handle the secure disposal of rejected goods and expired products.
with prompt customer collections, safe waste treatment and disposal, we strive to deliver world-class service.
we continuously upgrade our vehicles, shredders, autoclaves, and incinerators to meet international requirements as part of asset management for bio-medical waste.
case study: entry into emerging geographies with the establishment of environmental infrastructure at the active pharmaceutical ingredients api manufacturing park at munshigonj, bangladesh bangladesh, with its proximity to india and rapid economic and industrial growth, offers an opportunity for resl's expansion ambitions.
being a large producer of textiles, leather goods, pharmaceuticals, etc., the country's industries generate considerable quantities of industrial waste which are hazardous in nature.
in addition, urban populations produce large quantities of solid waste and sewage.
except for a few municipal solid waste dump yards and medical waste handling facilities managed by city corporations, the country has limited facilities for waste management.
however, this situation is changing as there is now considerable emphasis on waste management, by the government as well as industries.
the bangladesh association of pharmaceutical industries bapi , with support from the government, planned to establish an industrial park to house api manufacturing industrial units.
however, no plans had been made for the management of other waste.
resl spotted an opportunity in this situation and emphasized to bapi that it should also install infrastructure to sustainably manage all other types of waste.
in addition, we also made a case for maintaining the industrial park as a clean and green industrial area.
our plan was accepted, and bapi and resl agreed to develop and maintain environmental infrastructure in the industrial park.
these include a variety of construction, demolition, and worksite waste from excavation, road building, demolition, and maintenance activities.
during fy 2021-22, we processed 3,10,985 mt of c&d waste.
we currently have six functioning facilities, and two more are being built specifically to process c&d waste.
waste material is crushed, cleaned, and sized appropriately at our facilities so that it can be used to make lean concrete, tiles, paver blocks, bricks, etc. nearly 92% of the waste gets converted to useful products as represented below: coarse aggregates: 24% fine aggregates: 9% coarse sand: 7% fine sand: 18% soil: 34% c&d facilities have manufactured 1,83,561 paver blocks/kerb stones/bricks in fy 2021-22.
we continued to increase the durability of paver bricks and tiles in fy 2021-2022, decreased the amount of brick in aggregates, and minimized the amount of silt in sand, all of which increased the usefulness of recycled output.
this initiative showcases our commitment to creating and managing resources responsibly and to helping to protect the environment by preventing its degradation.
management of e-waste, plastics, and recycling at present resl has two e-waste recycling facilities.
one facility for 'recycling of e-waste and industrial hazardous and non-hazardous waste with precious metal recovery' is under construction.
resl has 3 plastics recycling facilities in operation and 4 recyclables collection centres where we collect waste and redirect to authorized recyclers for recycling.
the following wastes are collected and sent for recycling: paper/corrugate: 7,129 mt plastics: 635 mt metal: 62 mt wood: 216 mt case study: construction and demolition c&d waste management our c&d waste recycling plant in noida receives waste from 14 collection points.
the recycled aggregate is converted into lean concrete, paver blocks, tiles, bricks etc. at the plant and is then sold in the market.
initially, the sale of tiles was slow, resulting in a growing stock of recycled aggregate.
simultaneously, the quantities of c&d waste we received also increased and we faced an acute shortage of storage space in the facility.
undeterred, we formed a team of existing employees drawn from different functions.
they were provided with basic information about the c&d sectors.
once the surplus stock was sold, the team was dismantled, and case study: advanced e-waste processing technology to tackle e-waste problem in india one of the fastest-growing waste streams in the world today is electronic waste e-waste , which refers to the waste produced by end-of-life electrical & electronic equipment including computers, mobile phones, and others.
according to the e-waste global monitor 2020 a programme co-hosted by the united nations study, the world generated a staggering 53.6 million tons of e-waste in 2019, or 7.3 kilograms on average per person.
with 24.9 million tons, asia produced the most e-waste in 2019. according to ngt/official cpcb's estimation records for the financial years 2018-2019, india is expected to produce 7,71,215 mt of the 21 types listed in the e-waste guidelines.
it is estimated that more than 90% of the waste is processed in the informal sector, which dominates e-waste treatment in india and some other developing nations.
several rare earth metals, precious metals, ferrous, and non-ferrous metals can be found in e-waste.
unscientific methods used in the processing of e-waste are linked to serious negative effects on the environment, human health, and the economy of the nation.
the informal sector also makes sourcing, channelling, and collecting of e-waste the main challenges, because the market is value driven and there are no trans-boundary constraints.
although there are a growing number of recyclers and dismantlers for the processing of electronic waste, they are only able to do primary processing up to the printed circuit board level due to economic reasons.
advanced technology is required to process them further to recover metal.
against this backdrop and keeping in view the country's need for scientific and advanced e-waste processing, resl partnered with reldan metals of the usa to establish an electronic and industrial waste recycling facility with the capability to recover precious metals.
in 2021, resl initiated advanced e-waste processing technology to tackle the e-waste problem in the country at dundigal.
state of the art facility advanced thermal, pyro, hydro metallurgical process technology 20,000 mt feedstock processing capacity in 13.36 acres first leed platinum certified facility in asia designed to reduce environmental impact advanced e-scrap processing facility fully secured and isolated facility 200+ direct and indirect jobs hub and spoke model with hyderabad as processing hub and collection points in tier 1 & 2 cities all over india . image shows the exterior and interior of the facility.
recycling lithium-ion batteries the urgency to mitigate the climate crisis by lowering greenhouse gas emissions is driving countries worldwide to promote electric mobility, renewable energy, and energy storage solutions.
lithium-ion batteries lib are integral to the ongoing mobility and energy transition.
however, the acquisition of lithium through ore mining and brine extraction involves the use of large quantities of chemicals and water and jeopardizes natural ecosystems as well as the availability of safe water for communities and agriculture.
the environmental and social hazards of lithium extraction make it imperative to recycle and reuse the metal to the greatest extent possible.
along with its emphasis on adopting renewable energy and promoting electric mobility, the indian government envisages the country as a manufacturing hub for lib.
however, accessing raw materials is foreseen to be challenging and it is crucial that the country prioritize recycling of lib to realize this ambition.
adopting circularity in lib will also offer the advantage of recycling and reusing other components such as nickel, cobalt, magnesium, and graphite.
the global lib recycling market is estimated to reach $22.8 bn by 2030 while the opportunity in india is assessed at $1,000 mn in the same time frame.
with our commitment to promoting circularity, resl has recently entered the lib recycling space.
we have initiated processes like collection, discharging and primary processing and aim to eventually recover key materials.
waste to resources millions of tons of waste are handled annually by our waste management facilities across the nation, which use environmentally friendly technology to turn waste into products like compost, refuse derived fuel rdf , energy, and compressed biogas cbg , among others.
the ideal way to manage waste that is neither recyclable nor compostable, according to resl, is to convert municipal solid waste into energy.
the process is depicted below: equipment used in wte process: rdf handling cranes rdf fired boilers semi dry flue gas cleaning system & bag filter steam turbine air cooled condenser water treatment plant transformers using air-cooled condensers, low temperature steam is transformed into water after energy production.
this water is recycled in boilers to produce steam that is extremely heated and then used in turbines to produce energy.
case study: waste to energy plant at dundigal, hyderabad it was observed that most of the projects in the waste-to-energy sector took a long time for construction and erection.
resl took the initiative to combat this challenge by setting up a system that catered to manpower availability, machinery run time, manual bar bending timing, fixing and removal of shuttering works.
through this initiative, resl helped reduce the execution time by parallelly working on procurement, construction, erection, and installation.
timely work order issuance, timely procurement with execution along with manpower mobilization were used as measurable indicators that demonstrate the outcome of this intervention.
systems and certifications across all our sites, we uphold the highest standards of quality in our operations.
we are in the process of getting 42 more other facilities certified.
the process of choosing supplier partners is also centred on upholding the highest standards.
we have specialized services such as bus stop cleaning and maintenance business along with façade cleaning and pest control services rendered by designated teams led by our subject matter experts in the said fields.
additionally, we also have medical and hazardous waste treatment facility at abu dhabi and other epc and o&m projects in the middle east.
highlights: 13,253 mt recyclables recovered at dubai's material recovery facility.
we continually develop technologies that help us customize solutions to advance our commitment to customers for sustainable operations and development.
importantly, the solutions we deploy contribute to preserving the environment, not only in terms of air, water and soil health, but also ensuring cleaner, healthier and safer surroundings.
we emphasize inculcating a mindset of innovation among our people.
we conduct regular brainstorming and training sessions across our sites and run annual events like the sustainability and innovation month, which invites the participation of employees in large numbers.
we are in the process of setting up a center of excellence research & innovation in hyderabad which will serve to spearhead, guide and monitor all ongoing and future innovation projects.
our innovation activities a flowchart depicting the company's innovation activities, including scaling up recycling, diverting high-moisture waste, improving compost quality, salt recovery, and mechanization of stabilization.
in one of our innovative initiatives, we are working to divert waste away from landfill and incineration to reduce the landfill footprint, reduce leachate generation and minimize emissions.
we are scaling up recycling of bottom ash from wte and construction debris converting them into construction aggregates and products for construction.
we are converting various hazardous and other wastes to useful materials that can reduce natural resource consumption.
participants would be shortlisted from the pool of applications received, who will be provided with guidance and support from the industry experts to fine tune their entries for the second level.
through the structured "innovation funnel", participants would be able to take their project from proof of concept/ pilot scale to full-scale implementation.
themes fuels and energy from waste waste segregation and treatment technologies social inclusion and community engagement towards circular economy recycling and resource recovery technologies new circular economy and decarbonization business models what we offer?
financial support up to inr 5 crore go to market support 1:1 mentoring technology validation customised incubation program long term partnership opportunity process and operational excellence digitalization is an area of high priority at resl.
we are working to enhance our capabilities to connect and engage digitally with key stakeholders such as employees, customers and suppliers.
collaboration tools: our investments in analytics and capabilities to digitally connect with suppliers and service providers enable us to ensure we engage with the right providers while protecting resl's interests.
digitalization reeloop reeloop is a digital platform that formalizes the highly informal waste management system that comprises of safai sathis, informal waste collectors, waste aggregators, and kabadiwalas.
it collects data pertaining to the geographical location from where the waste is collected, the person from whom the waste is collected, the amount and type of waste collected along with the amount paid to the person against the waste collected.
this app ensures transparency to our customers in the institutionalized system of waste management by tracking and tracing the waste from collection to processing.
we are currently operational in 8 indian cities, and we plan to scale it up to other cities and other waste materials.
integrated resource information system iris waste management coupled with resource recovery and recycling provides a great opportunity for resl to emerge as a circular economy company and act as a catalyst to india's sustainability journey.
the monitoring of material flow across the various waste management spectrum's coupled with waste characterization, end-use tracking, recycling & resource recovery can provide valuable information about the overall business operations.
iris is a digital platform of resl for the integration of economic, environment, and resource factors.
it is a tool that integrates all our solutions and provides real-time information about the material we have collected, treated, stocked, recovered, recycled, and disposed of.
resl implements well-established it security and cyber security policies and procedures that enable us to run safe and secure operations and enjoy the trust of our employees, customers, and suppliers.
we use google-enabled security processes to protect our operations against cyber threats.
while systems provide physical protection, we support our employees with awareness and training to ensure that they also ensure privacy of sensitive digital data through their everyday practices at the workplace.
internal audit management system iams internal audit management system helps not only in reducing risks but also supports risk and compliance management teams with an intelligent, collaborative, and connected risk management platform.
iams is a platform that tracks everything on one dynamic dashboard and spots trends, compares performance across sites/teams, drills down into details protecting organization and addresses risk gaps as and when they arise.
illustrative diagram of the iams system illustrative diagram of the data security system illustrative diagram of the data privacy system human capital . 98 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 99 human capital the vision of resl is to create a diverse, agile, and engaged workforce.
our human resources department works tirelessly to achieve set objectives to support the vision and to provide effective results in hiring, developing, retaining, and engaging staff members.
the importance we place on developing our workforce starts with a structured and comprehensive induction and onboarding process.
it also helps them to understand their own roles, responsibilities, and employment benefits, as well as the opportunities available to them to engage and contribute to resl’s development.
at resl, the development of our people is at the forefront.
our well-organized performance management system helps employees advance in their careers by empowering them to establish high standards and objectives to reach their full potential.
darwin box, the human resources management system hrms , was introduced across the organization as part of our ongoing commitment to enhance employee delight and process automation.
with real-time data availability, this system has allowed a transparent and effective decision-making system which serves as the self-service portal for critical information for employees.
we also introduced vibe on demand, an enterprise social networking tool that enables staff members to actively shape the culture of the company through casual social interactions.
at resl, employee safety on the job is of utmost significance.
in line with the directions of the board of directors and senior leadership team, health and safety systems have been strengthened and best-in-class safety standards have been achieved at 10 sites and further 45 sites are in the process of achieving best-in-class safety standards under phase 2. employee wellbeing we periodically hold medical camps for physical health check-ups for our staff as it relates to their wellbeing.
we recognize the significance of mental health and aim to foster an environment of openness and acceptance.
we encourage flexible working hours of training per employee for employees.
we conduct employee engagement events on a monthly basis ranging from festival celebrations to sports and outdoor activities.
every team is encouraged to go on a quarterly team outing event sponsored by the company as per our team outing policy.
employment at resl, our goal is to revitalize and transform the company so that it is prepared for the future.
we are pursuing process excellence and strengthened capacity building through the implementation of project shikhar to effectively compete in dynamic international markets.
currently, resl has 10,204 full-time employees in india and we ensure that we hire the top talent available since our organization aspires for best-in-class standards.
our onboarding and induction process makes sure that the organization's processes, cultures, and policies are clearly communicated.
it also makes it easier for new hires to adjust to the company and their new positions and responsibilities.
table: resl personnel gender and age breakdown fy 2021-22 employee category: top management, <30 years male: -, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 3, 30-50 years female: -, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 2, 50 years female: -, total: 5 employee category: senior management, <30 years male: -, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 8, 30-50 years female: -, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 12, 50 years female: -, total: 20 employee category: middle management, <30 years male: -, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 67, 30-50 years female: -, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 24, 50 years female: 1, total: 92 employee category: junior management, <30 years male: 12, <30 years female: -, 30-50 years male: 233, 30-50 years female: 11, 30-50 years others: -, 50 years male: 32, 50 years female: 2, total: 290 employee category: associates/non-management, <30 years male: 2,603, <30 years female: 134, 30-50 years male: 4,720, 30-50 years female: 1,653, 30-50 years others: 5, 50 years male: 450, 50 years female: 232, total: 9,797 employee category: grand total , <30 years male: 2,615 , <30 years female: 134 , 30-50 years male: 5,031 , 30-50 years female: 1,664 , 30-50 years others: 5 , 50 years male: 520 , 50 years female: 235 , total: 10,204 table end.
table: resl employee category fy 2021-22 employee category: regular full time, male: 8,166, female: 2,033, others: 5 employee category: regular part time, male: 27, female: 3, others: 0 table end.
parental leave data for fy 2021-22 : male, number of employees entitled to parental leave: 2,349, number of employees who took parental leave: 54, number of employees due to return to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 54, number of employees who returned to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 54, return to work rate: 100% : female, number of employees entitled to parental leave: 153, number of employees who took parental leave: 10, number of employees due to return to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 10, number of employees who returned to work in reporting period after parental leave ended: 10, return to work rate: 100% table end.
benefits provided to employees resl provides various benefits to its employees through the group personnel accident policy, group health insurance policy, and stock ownership facility.
all permanent employees of resl are entitled to 24 days of earned leave, 9 days of sick leave, and 6 days of casual leave per year.
in the post-covid return-to-work setup, there are flexible working hours of training per employee and work-from-home arrangements to help employees adapt to situational changes.
a corporate buffer of inr 10 lakhs from the existing health insurance policy was allocated to employees affected by covid-19 across sites in india.
a covid corpus of inr 2 crore was set aside for employee emergency requests, provided as a short-term loan.
sites were equipped with oxygen concentrators to handle emergencies.
hardship allowance was extended to employees.
eligible female employees are extended maternity leaves as per the act, and male employees are given 3 days of paternity leave.
learning and development we at resl maintain that an organization is only as good as the individuals it develops.
therefore, continuous growth is only feasible if the people who make up our foundation consistently improve their skills and realize their full potential.
we are dedicated to the all-around development of our staff members and carry out several programs to foster their professional and personal development.
we provide in-depth training and development courses centrally and locally, led by outside experts.
hours of training received by category and gender of employees, fy 2021-22 india table: hours of training by category and gender description: top management m12 and cxo , male: 25, female: 0, total man-hours of training per employee: 25 description: senior management m9-m11 , male: 768, female: 14, total man-hours of training per employee: 782 description: middle management m5-m8 , male: 4,639, female: 176, total man-hours of training per employee: 4,815 description: junior management trainees - m4 , male: 5,563, female: 702, total man-hours of training per employee: 6,265 description: associates/ non-management s&og , male: 16,640, female: 10, total man-hours of training per employee: 16,650 description: total , male: 27,635 , female: 902 , total man-hours of training per employee: 28,537 table end.
training received by category and gender of employees, fy 2021-22 india table: employee training programs training programs offered to employees: success program, male: 120, female: 42, total hours of training per employee: 1,296, brief about the training: project based training program for cespl employees training programs offered to employees: 100 day cdp for chemists, male: 19, female: 1, total hours of training per employee: 720, brief about the training: competency development program training programs offered to employees: my life my choice program, male: 52, female: 11, total hours of training per employee: 4,032, brief about the training: 7 habits of highly effective people training programs offered to employees: creating wow factor program for marketing, male: 12, female: 2, total hours of training per employee: 112, brief about the training: for marketing and business development employees training programs offered to employees: managerial skills effectiveness, male: 3, female: 0, total hours of training per employee: 144, brief about the training: for f&a employees table end.
programs for upgrading employee skills transition assistance programs table: skill upgradation programs description: internal courses for skill upgradation, total number of hours of training per employee offered: 36, number of employees attended: 20 description: external courses for skill upgradation, total number of hours of training per employee offered: 56, number of employees attended: 17 table end.
employee engagement and wellbeing employee engagement initiatives employee huddle ideathons & compliance trivia questions living the values leadership webinars promote relationships employee engagement boost morale initiatives for healthy institutional interaction coffee & conversation enables open employee conversations with general counsel & chief compliance officer professional and personal conversations with senior leadership boosts interconnectedness and employee satisfaction ask me anything provides a platform to have conversations with senior leadership to bolster relationships and interconnectedness within the organization speakopen program promotes an open culture within the company provisions for a platform to voice opinions and concerns hotline allows voicing concerns regarding potential violations of the company's principles and ethics without the fear of repercussions on themselves employee contributions and recognition employee contributions and successes are recognized and honored in a variety of ways, including financially and through rewards.
employee health & wellbeing a graphic depicting various aspects of employee health and wellbeing, including online courses on health and wellbeing, presentations on healthy pursuits, regular medical camps, and the encouragement of a healthy work-life balance.
we conduct an employee engagement survey to gauge the effectiveness of our efforts to increase employee engagement.
participants must have worked for resl for at least one year to participate.
the results of this poll reflect both areas where the company has satisfactorily handled employees' requirements and those that need improvement, which we work to address.
we received a score of 5.3 out of 10 on the employee engagement survey during fy 21-22.
employees & sustainability goals an image depicting hands holding a young plant, symbolizing the company's commitment to sustainability.
making employees a part of sustainability goals integration of esg goals in all business operations celebration of sustainability events at regular intervals for active participation of employees and to develop sustainability as a culture specific kras related to sustainability, safety, and innovation selection of sustainability champions based on performance diversity, equity and inclusion 20% women hiring in fy 2021-22 illustrative graphic showing diverse symbols representing people.
resl has made efforts to increase the diversity of our workforce.
women made up 20% of our new hires in fy 2021-22, and we made sure that personnel from under-represented groups had higher representation.
ramky women network has been merged with dei council as a platform that enables women to actively contribute to the expansion of the company.
resl is extensively working to build the social fabric of the communities we work in and to be an equal opportunity employer we consistently work to advance diversity within the company and make sure that our hiring procedures reflect this goal.
by adding female candidates to our teams, resl promotes initiatives aimed at increasing the number of women in the workforce.
we commemorated women's day in 2021 and highlighted the numerous steps taken with respect to their greater inclusion in the resl workforce.
diversity, equity and inclusion council resl strives to maintain a diverse workforce as a global company.
resl strives to maintain a diverse workforce with representation of people from various age groups, identities, cultures and religions.
currently, we have 8 women drivers who operate lmvs and 8 helpers who handle door-to-door collection of waste.
out of 118 vehicles, 8 of them are handled and operated by women.
highlights: women drivers/helpers adequately emphasize the importance of source segregation during waste collection and create public awareness.
good care is ensured for the vehicles, including proper washing and servicing done on scheduled timings.
inspires more women to be involved in such roles.
we are planning to implement a similar model in other wards and target to achieve 25% women participation in the nearest future.
as an equal opportunity employer, resl does not accept employee discrimination based on gender, religion, or other factors.
for instance, when we hire a private security firm, we make sure that their staff is trained in line with the private security agencies regulation act, 2005. our concern for human rights and intolerance of discrimination extends to all our operations.
we adhere to the rules that each nation sets forth for the management of its workforce, and we have developed systems for handling complaints.
in the reporting year for our operations in india and abroad, we did not receive any reports of discrimination, sexual harassment, and other human rights violations.
forced and child labour resl abides by the company's policy that mandates us to only hire people above the age of 18 years.
we follow model standing orders and make sure that all of our sites are in conformity with labor regulations, which prevents us from hiring anyone who is underage or who is being forced into employment against their will.
freedom of association and collective bargaining we support the right to collective bargaining.
due to the existence of unions at three of our sites, staff members are able to communicate with the company's management and, if necessary, use mediation to settle disagreements.
when necessary, the audit committee intervenes to look into major violations of conduct and ensure prompt and appropriate resolution.
this timeframe was established in accordance with the model standing orders and was agreed upon with the unions.
occupational health & safety ohs workforce occupational health and safety is one of our key areas of focus for continuing improvement.
through routine trainings, reviews, audits, and communication via regular newsletters, our system to manage h&s aligns and enables all locations to comply with corporate ohs policies and protocols.
roadmap of resl's health & safety management system in india image of roadmap the image depicts a roadmap with the following steps: support the sites with corporate h&s directives sops, guidelines and policies : icon - document align all the sites under a unique and harmonized system: icon - sliders weekly catch-up meetings, monthly mis review and quarterly review meetings: icon - meeting measure the site performance with a score card/kpi formats: icon - speedometer conduct corporate audits at all sites for improvement and bringing down unsafe situations: icon - audit conduct corporate trainings for the site team and other stakeholders towards building competency levels: icon - training newsletter published quarterly and annually – compilation of all sites, mapping the improvements made, incident trend, leading and lagging indicators: icon - newsletter follow-up site visits to review the progress and support h&s and line management for a smooth h&s drive: icon - follow-up coordinate iso 45001 audits and support the sites in getting certified: icon - certificate support and monitor h&s regulatory compliances: icon - magnifying glass there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
h&s governance structure for all overseas operations, specific national directives are followed with the support of their respective governance bodies.
the corporate zonal coordinators have their sites allocated.
the plans and directions from the head of sustainability & innovation and corporate h&s lead consultant are cascaded down for implementation through zonal coordinators across the sites.
for the regular management of ohs-related concerns at sites, the company has also established safety committees with representation from management and workers.
every site has a safety committee which meets on a monthly basis to resolve any issues.
the safety committee identifies and takes suitable decisions on the issues related to operations on health, safety & environment at the project or at the company level.
the committee comprising of representatives from operations, maintenance, logistics and workshop, human resources, occupational health committees ohc , security and others with equal representation from workmen is formed under the above guidelines.
they discuss issues related to health, safety and environment in operations and recommend mitigation strategies to present to the appropriate level of management.
health and safety training all resl locations receive proper guidelines, safe operating procedures, trainings, and regular safety-related communication in accordance with this management system.
details about the safety trainings given to resl staff during the reporting year are shown in the table below.
table: key performance indicators kpis for health and safety training - fy 2021-22 kpi: total number of occupational health and safety training provided number , fy 2021-22: 3,284 3,231 by sites and 53 by corporate kpi: man-hours of training per employee of training management , fy 2021-22: 94,703 kpi: man-hours of training per employee of training contract , fy 2021-22: 154,084 table end.
a diagram showing the structure of the safety committee, including its relationship with workers, security, operation, maintenance, logistic & workshop, and human resources.
work-related fatalities and injuries category: all employees, description: fatalities as a result of work-related injury, fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 0, fy 2020-21: 2, fy 2021-22: 0 description: the number of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities , fy 2018-19: 3, fy 2019-20: 3, fy 2020-21: 4, fy 2021-22: 2 description: the number of recordable work-related injuries, fy 2018-19: 17, fy 2019-20: 20, fy 2020-21: 67, fy 2021-22: 8 category: all workers who are not employees but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization, description: fatalities as a result of work-related injury, fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 1, fy 2020-21: 2, fy 2021-22: 0 description: the number of high-consequence work-related injuries excluding fatalities , fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 0, fy 2020-21: 0, fy 2021-22: 1 description: the number of recordable work-related injuries, fy 2018-19: 0, fy 2019-20: 15, fy 2020-21: 16, fy 2021-22: 2 table end.
at resl, we have significantly reduced work-related injuries and strive to put continual efforts for the maintenance of the same.
we have had zero work-related fatalities for fy 2021-22 and strive to continue the same with our best in place workplace safety measures and equipment.
we follow the hira process which includes: activity, hazard, associated risk, probability l/m/h , severity l/m/h , controls existing / adequate , risk level and remarks job security analysis jsa for all critical operations associated risks activity / event: brake failure, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: preventive maintenance, current available controls in place at site: weekly preventive maintenance, skill requirements: driving skills, training requirements: road safety associated risks / hazard: speed control device, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: speed control device, training requirements: defensive driving activity / event: tire burst, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: preventive maintenance, current available controls in place at site: preventive maintenance, skill requirements: trained person, ppe requirements: na, training requirements: preventive maintenance associated risks / hazard: speed control device, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: defensive driving, skill requirements: defensive driving, training requirements: defensive driving activity / event: logistics, associated risks / hazard: over speed, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: trainings, current available controls in place at site: defensive driving, ppe requirements: reflective jackets, training requirements: defensive driving associated risks / hazard: hazardous waste transport license and training, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: hazardous waste transport license and training, skill requirements: na, ppe requirements: organic vapor mask, training requirements: na associated risks / hazard: vehicle fitness certificate, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: vehicle fitness certificate, ppe requirements: helmets, signage requirements: speed limit activity / event: spillage, associated risks / hazard: spill control kit, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: spill control kit, ppe requirements: hand gloves, signage requirements: hazardous waste symbols, training requirements: spill control activity / event: loading / unloading of wastes, associated risks / hazard: incompatibility of different types of waste, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: close monitoring while loading, current available controls in place at site: close monitoring, skill requirements: static discharge methods, ppe requirements: hand gloves, training requirements: fire fighting associated risks / hazard: static charge, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: static discharge methods, current available controls in place at site: trained drivers, ppe requirements: cotton dress code, training requirements: static discharge methods associated risks / hazard: fall / trip hazard at time of waste covering, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: certified ladder, current available controls in place at site: certified ladder, skill requirements: working at height, ppe requirements: hand gloves, nose mask, safety belt, signage requirements: work at height, training requirements: height work associated risks / hazard: small nuisances while loading and unloading, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: ppe, current available controls in place at site: organic vapor mask & goggles, skill requirements: usage of ppe as required, ppe requirements: organic vapor mask & goggles, signage requirements: ppe usage, training requirements: usage of ppe associated risks / hazard: dust nuisances, required controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: ppe, current available controls in place at site: dust mask, skill requirements: usage of ppe as required, ppe requirements: dust mask, training requirements: usage of ppe table end.
the process emphasizes following the hierarchy of controls, focusing on engineering and administrative controls, defining appropriate ppes, signage, and stakeholder training.
ohs initiatives deep assessment on focus pillars fire safety electrical safety machine safety transport safety ppes hygiene safety infrastructural improvements based on assessment recommendations process & sub-process review and study for generating safe operating procedures for performing job safety analysis jsa behaviour based safety steering committee activation 5s to 6s conversion life saving rules, reporting unsafe activities & conditions safety mascot for resl counter measure verification review and measure the progress hand-hold the implementation process across different sites table: hazard/risk assessment and control measures activity / event: handling of hydraulic devices, associated risks / hazard: accidents / incidents, required / standard controls for minimizing the risk / hazard: preventive maintenance inspection by 3rd party competent person, current available controls in place at site: preventive maintenance every six months 3rd party competent person inspection, skill requirements: handling of hydraulic devices, ppe requirements: nose mask, ear plugs, hand gloves &safety shoes, signage requirements: handling of hydraulic devices, training requirements: ppe usage handling of hydraulic devices activity / event: biannual checking hydraulic devices by competent person, associated risks / hazard: biannual checking hydraulic devices by competent person table end.
notes: our sites utilize job security analysis jsa and hazard identification and risk assessment hira for a comprehensive safety process, including app-based reporting for unsafe activities and conditions.
social & relationship capital image of people holding hands in a circle 126 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 127 there is no textual content or tables to extract from the provided image.
the image is primarily a graphic design element representing social and relationship capital.
social & relationship capital customer engagement customers across markets look for value-added solutions and experiences from service providers in today's highly dynamic and competitive market.
at resl, maintaining a continual and engaging client connection and ensuring their satisfaction is given top priority.
we are dedicated to researching and implementing new ideas to improve our customers' experience with resl.
we seek out interactions with our clients and meet with them once a month to resolve problems and discuss any requirements that they may have.
to enable each resl unit to communicate pertinent information to their respective customers, we also make sure that each unit is regularly updated with the most recent policies and regulations.
in addition, we also use social media to provide relevant information that promotes discussion and keeps us connected.
a diagram illustrating customer engagement channels including resl official website, tsdf website, linkedin, facebook, and updates through the corporate office.
customer satisfaction customer feedback forms are maintained at sites corrective actions are taken periodic feedback from customers customer relationships engagement with different stakeholder associations online and in-person training programs offline seminars customer grievance redressal customers can address their concerns through a site-level escalation matrix as under: level 1: manager business development mbd head level 2: project head customer can reach corporate office via email or helpline number provided on the website in case concerns are not being addressed at the site.
campaigns environmental awareness programs trade shows iec programs there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
supplier engagement we make sure that the suppliers', employees', officials', and directors', as well as all other members of their staff, uphold sustainability values.
a flowchart depicting the supplier assessment process, including supplier assessment, engagement, and audit.
supplier assessment for fy 2021-22, resl had 3,700 tier 1 suppliers.
supplier assessment: based on their manufacturing and financial capabilities e.grams., turnover, order book value, quality management system ; and resources e.grams., manpower and machinery, ehs and eco-friendly initiatives . third-party assessment services for assessment of the vendors.
supplier engagement: scheduled half-yearly meetings with major suppliers to maintain healthy interconnectedness with critical suppliers to maintain long-term relationships and strengthen trust between resl and suppliers.
half-yearly/annual feedback is taken from the project/user team regarding vendor performance on quality, timely completion, and safety.
measures taken by resl to enhance the capacity of local and small vendors regular feedback to suppliers on their performance.
timely payments to small contractors.
board & managerial level responsibilities.
compliance with social standards with suppliers included in legally binding agreements.
engagement with non-compliant suppliers to reach compliance.
toolbox talk with suppliers.
parameters of resl's social standards for suppliers the diagram illustrates resl's commitment to social responsibility by outlining key parameters for suppliers, including optimum working hours of training per employee, freedom of association and collective bargaining, non-discrimination, health and safety, minimum living wages, acceptable living conditions, and the prohibition of corporal punishment, disciplinary practices, forced labor, and child labor.
resl maintains a robust feedback mechanism with suppliers through relevant departments.
furthermore, the government itself acts as a regulator in this sector, e.grams., the pollution control board ensures effective management and disposal of waste as per various laws laid down by the government of india.
we have a team under the general counsel and chief compliance officer to monitor this compliance tool.
we also have a dedicated process to provide necessary training and guidance to employees regarding the usage and benefits of this tool.
we also have a provision for the internal auditors to evaluate the effectiveness of the compliance monitoring mechanism, and they in turn present their findings and recommendations to the audit committee of resl.
corporate social responsibility resl's csr efforts align with our focus on reimagining the future and contributing to making the world more sustainable.
our initiatives are designed not only to create opportunities for socio-economic development in the communities we work among, but they also ensure environmental improvement.
our csr initiatives' impact is measured against the national priorities and sustainable development goals.
vision: to focus on equitable, sustainable, and accessible development opportunities for the communities we serve, employees, consumers, stakeholders, and the public at large.
csr at resl we channel our csr activities through the ramky foundation and engage with several partners, including financial institutions and not-for-profit organizations.
we endeavor to engage resl's sites in implementing at least one csr project and also encourage employees to participate in csr initiatives one day a year.
the areas we emphasize to create enduring and sustainable value reflect our organizational focus as well as national priorities and the sdgs.
csr thrust areas our csr activities span 13 states and union territories in india across varied geographies.
of beneficiaries/families/villages/units: 6 villages and 1,500 beneficiaries s.no: 4, thrust area: education, activities: school renovation & integrated school holistic approach isha , locations: rajasthan, telangana, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu, karnataka, maharashtra, punjab, west bengal, odisha, uttar pradesh, no.
of beneficiaries/families/villages/units: 30 schools and 15,000 students table end.
caption: distribution of oxygen concentrators under covid care facility promoting health we promote health by directing our efforts on various aspects including access to safe drinking water, hygienic sanitation facilities as well as community-based nutrition and disease preventive measures.
through our efforts, we endeavor to improve access to healthcare and address topics that are widespread national challenges in health and sanitation today.
mother and child healthcare over the years, we have been working to address malnutrition , mother and child health , which are major concerns for the country.
the integrated child development services icds , a pan-india community-based project provides nutrition and maternal healthcare to expectant and new mothers as well as infants and children, through anganwadis located within their communities.
aligning our emphasis on healthcare with this service, in fy 2021-22 resl supported the construction of anganwadis in udaipur rajasthan . impact: the construction of anganwadi school is complete and 45 children attend it regularly.
safe drinking water india's jal jeevan mission rural aims to ensure adequate and safe drinking water for each household in rural india by 2024. at resl, we strive to make safe drinking water available to the communities that surround our operations and have enabled this with the installation of ro plants 500 - 1,000 lph capacity across multiple states.
impact: 8 ro plants and 1 water dispenser/cooler in a women's college across 5 states.
this requirement not only addresses health issues related to sanitation but also the challenge of student attrition and completion of schooling.
resl supports education and health by constructing toilet facilities in government schools.
impact: 1,500 students and 60 teachers.
case study: transforming education by developing infrastructure in government schools years of research and psychological investigations have shown that the physical environment and infrastructure of schools play a significant role in academic performance.
a pleasant and conducive learning environment, coupled with facilities that promote hygiene and health encourage regular school attendance, resulting in better learning and academic outcomes.
senior secondary school in gandhipura, barmer district rajasthan, classrooms were wholly inadequate for the students enrolled in the school.
they were overcrowded as lessons for students of three different classes were held in a single room.
in other instances, teaching took place in uncovered spaces.
before: classrooms and learning environment image description: a picture showing the inadequate state of classrooms before improvements.
under the isha program, resl provided 6 additional classrooms and an ro plant for safe drinking water.
education we actively support integrated school holistic approach isha through which government schools receive assistance in many forms such as student scholarships, educational material, uniforms, construction of new classrooms, provision of hygienic sanitation and drinking water facilities, refurbishing existing infrastructure etc. in the reporting year, we supported government schools in multiple states with building and repairing classrooms and other infrastructure.
additionally, we enabled students in dundigal, telangana to gain free of charge access to vidya volunteers and paid for the honoraria of the volunteers.
as a result, not only have farmers contributed to bettering land health and greening the environment, but they have also gained from healthy yields, lower cost of inputs and opportunities for improved livelihoods.
in other initiatives in natural resource management, we have also promoted chemical-free cultivation of paddy and introduced sustainable farming in tribal communities.
our efforts in water management include construction of ground level reservoir and supporting rural communities to upgrade and maintain water bodies such as ponds.
impact: immediate impact: the cost of cultivation was reduced by inr 10,000 and the yield increased to 200 kgs per acre of land.
environment impact: fertility of the soil increased.
residue from the pesticides decreased.
growth of farmer-friendly microbes in the soil was noticed.
case study: organic farming in swayambu varam while there is growing awareness and demand for organic foods in india, farmers in the country continue to make extensive use of chemical methods, primarily to achieve higher yields and income.
the inputs include natural fertilizers and pesticides such as farmyard manure, green leaf manure, neem oil and cake, vermicompost, bio fertilizer, trichoderma cards, etc. in order to incentivize farmers to adopt these new methods, all inputs are funded by resl and provided free of charge.
the cost of cultivation per acre has reduced from inr 28,000 to inr 18,000.
at the same time, crop yield has increased to 200 kgs per acre.
moreover, they are contributing to the health of the consumers of their produce.
importantly, their new practices contribute to improving soil health as pesticide residue has decreased and the growth of plant and soil-friendly micro-organisms have increased.
farmer polavarapu apparo has been cultivating paddy for the last 3 decades and has subscribed to the belief that increased use of chemicals generates higher crop yields.
after several awareness creation and training sessions, he was convinced and cultivated paddy organically on 1 acre under the guidance of state government agriculture officials and the resl team.
although the field continued to be affected by pest and disease, these were of a lower intensity compared to chemical farming and the crop yield increased.
case study: wadi project kalipada das and kanai das are farmers in gobrageria village, west bengal.
they had half an acre of land that was lying barren owing to a scarcity of water.
the core objective of this project was to ensure comprehensive tribal development including natural resource management, micro-finance initiatives, health development, and women's empowerment, through people's participation.
keeping in view the tribal ways stemming from their history as well as socio-cultural and geographical realities, resl along with nabard's support with tribal development fund helped implement the project to benefit tribal families.
the project incorporates a sustainable way to use locally available resources and ensures that it not only benefits the farmers but the environment as well.
at keshiary block, west midnapur district in west bengal , the project provides 450 land-owner families 'wadi' orchard support and 50 landless families with micro-enterprise support.
he did the necessary work to grow eggplant on 10 decimals of land.
this effort has yielded a profit of inr 8,000 for him.
142 integrated annual report 2021-22 143 re sustainability limited rural development our efforts in rural development are directed towards enabling rural communities to live better quality lives by making sustainable changes.
in fy 2021-22, our initiatives included construction and upgradation of drainage systems, constructing facilities e.grams., community hall for multi-purpose use by village residents, installation of solar lights and drinking water infrastructure.
impact: 25 solar lights in the state of odisha.
skill development and training at resl we strive to contribute to the nation by enabling the youth from marginalized communities to learn employment-oriented skills and find appropriate livelihood opportunities.
our skill development centers provide vocational training to youth from nearby communities and train them in a variety of vocations such as assistant electrician and entrepreneurship among women etc. we also support them to set up their own businesses, if they wish to become entrepreneurs.
impact: 50 individuals successfully completed the assistant electrician course in association with tata strive.
60 individuals benefited through our entrepreneurship skills program which was conducted in association with we hub.
women's empowerment it is a priority for resl to ensure the inclusion and empowerment of women, within the organization as well as in the communities in which we work.
through our initiatives, we support them to achieve financial sufficiency and improved socio-economic parity in the societies in which they live and work.
we have adopted a holistic approach to empowering women.
therefore, our programs address different yet interrelated dimensions that help women to be self-relevant.
we assist them in learning income-generating skills and financial management and facilitate access to government schemes.
we also disseminate information on women's rights.
aligning with our focus on promoting health, we conduct health camps and awareness sessions on women's health and hygiene.
impact: 30 women completed training from the nellore centre and 150 women have completed training in mumbai.
most of the women reported that they have started earning a steady income by using the skills they learnt.
one of our training centers received a work order for stitching school uniforms.
while 86.5% of the women up-skilled themselves through our training centers and 88.5% of them claimed that their training brought a positive change to their lifestyle.
case study: income generating opportunities for women a college graduate, kajal bhoir is in the early-mid-twenties and lives in a joint family which includes her parents and siblings.
the family income amounts to approximately rs 12,000 per month and is insufficient for them to make ends meet.
kajal enrolled for a tailoring course at resl resource center at bhoirwada, taloja in navi mumbai, maharashtra.
although she was initially uncertain about the benefits of doing the course, she soon realized that the training in tailoring as well as the soft skills she was learning could help her set up her own enterprise, earn an income and achieve financial sufficiency.
today, she is convinced that the new vocational training she has received as well as communication and financial management skills that she has learnt will help her fulfill her dream of starting her own design and tailoring boutique.
case study: resl and tssdc resl, along with tata strive skill development centre tssdc , collaborated to train 50 rural youth as assistant electricians.
of the certified 50, 88% were placed, and 91% of these joined the job.
ravula spandana's success story 23-year-old ravula spandana, from thalamadugu, a small village in adilabad district, telangana, participated in this course.
her family's sole reliance on agriculture was insufficient to fund her education, leading her to seek job opportunities.
she learned about the collaboration between resl and tssdc in hyderabad, which offered tata strive's assistant electrician course.
this course improved her practical knowledge and skills in electrical maintenance.
upon completion, the tata strive team prepared her for a placement interview, and she secured a position as a maintenance technician at wipro through amaze facility management services, hyderabad.
she began with a salary of inr 16,000 per month and is committed to working harder for a better future.
tata strive expressed satisfaction with her progress and noted a significant positive change in spandana before and after completing the course.
this shift will have not only economic impacts but will also influence people's lifestyles and health.
importantly, growing urbanization has implications for waste management and the current and future state of the environment.
according to government estimates, india currently produces 65 million tons of waste each year.
a major problem in india's waste management system is the lack of scientific and organized waste segregation at the source.
the environmental balance is greatly threatened by unattended dumps, unsorted waste, and a lack of garbage bins in residential and commercial locations.
finding new landfills and moving the garbage piles, along with the lack of waste segregation by dumping recyclables, organic waste, and toxic waste together, makes waste management a greater burden for the indian fabric.
urban landfills are coming under more pressure as a result of growing urbanization, and the laws governing this industry are not being adequately applied on the ground.
resl believes in being future-ready and, with the backing of our investors, is working to address environmental challenges that accompany socioeconomic growth.
we are transitioning from a waste management to a resource management organization with a conscious focus on fostering circular economies.
as we expand our portfolio to meet evolving market demands, r&d for creative resource management solutions also receives sustained attention.
we continue to emphasize efficient consumption of water and energy while lowering emissions and waste generation.
our focus on minimizing our environmental impact encompasses all our operations in india.
snapshots table: resl sustainability initiatives initiative: biogas plant, description: generates 48 tons of compressed biogas cbg used as automobile fuel and for flaring.
initiative: solar plant, description: generates 225 megawatt-hours at himsw treatment facility.
initiative: waste-to-energy plants hyderabad & delhi , description: generate 336 mu of electricity.
initiative: fleet composition, description: around 32% consists of compressed natural gas cng and electric vehicles ev . initiative: water consumption reduction, description: achieved significant reduction through the use of a dry scrubbing system.
initiative: incinerator emissions control, description: uses cems for all incinerators and caaqms/ocems at a few locations.
caption: image showing a landfill.
energy and emissions electrical energy consumption we aim to reduce purchased electricity consumption through different initiatives like shifting to solar, led, power factor maintenance, control on power losses etc. in the reporting year, the solar power facility at hyderabad integrated municipal solid waste treatment facility produced 0.225 mu.
waste to energy our waste to energy wte facility operates by using waste as a fuel to generate steam for turbines used in electricity production.
msw, which is neither readily compostable nor easily recyclable is used as fuel for the wte plant.
this helps us to significantly reduce waste sent to landfills and for minimizing adverse environmental impacts.
resl's auxiliary consumption stands at 12.49% which showcases our energy usage efficiency for power generation operations.
energy efficiency and optimization are our prime focus and we ensure that regular external audits are conducted.
initiatives such as energy efficient pumps, vfd installation for motors and compressed air network optimization are implemented across our operations.
notes: the image shows an aerial view, likely illustrating the company's commitment to environmental sustainability.
case study: energy optimization measures it was observed that the auxiliary consumption of the power plant was at the higher end since the commissioning of the project.
its goal is to reduce the footprint of the waste dump site by using 1200 tpd of processed municipal solid waste as fuel while maintaining continuous operation with no significant outages.
with this initiative, the next export of the plant increased up to 2% and the auxiliary consumption reduced from 12% to 10%.
thermal energy consumption resl uses diesel for operations and fleet management.
we use biomass, coal and furnace oil in boilers along with cng for our cng fleet.
the tables depict the usage of diesel and other sources of energy for fy 2021-22.
the addition of operational sites in this cycle has been the reason for the increase in the total diesel consumption.
table: other energy consumption gigajoules fuels: coal, total gigajoules : 37,837 fuels: furnace oil, total gigajoules : 305 fuels: biomass, total gigajoules : 67,703 fuels: compressed natural gas, total gigajoules : 47,551 table end.
approaches for optimization of energy a diagram illustrating various approaches such as auto logic for differential pressure control for bfp, super heater steam temp correction to differential pressure control incorporated, blade angle changed for air cooled condenser fans and control logic developed for air cooled condenser, and atmospheric temp correction incorporated in acc logic.
emissions as a responsible business entity we are dedicated to reducing carbon emissions.
our company's actions demonstrate our strong position against climate change through our two-pronged decarbonization strategy, which entails increasing the proportion of renewable energy and improving energy efficiency.
scope 1 emissions presented below cover diesel, cng, furnace oil and coal only, and scope 2 emissions account for electricity purchased from the grid.
for fy 2021-22, we see an increase in scope 1 and scope 2 emissions as our msw business has grown by 36% tpd overall and by 10% in iwm, tonnage grew by 10%.
the emission factor used in the calculation of scope 1 and scope 2 emissions in the last two financial years has been updated, and the revised emission values are reported in the table below.
table: emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent type of emission: scope 1, fy 19-20: 42,947, fy 20-21: 46,602, fy 21-22: 53,312 type of emission: scope 2, fy 19-20: 8,257, fy 20-21: 9,342, fy 21-22: 15,438 type of emission: total emissions tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent , fy 19-20: 51,204, fy 20-21: 55,944, fy 21-22: 68,750 table end.
waste at resl, waste is a significant resource.
we make sure that the waste we collect is handled in a way that has the least negative impact on the environment.
in keeping with our commitment to incorporating principles of circular economy into how we manage waste, we invest in r&d and in infrastructure to recover materials for use in our operations and to provide eco-friendly solutions.
the tables below depict the types and quantities of waste generated within our facilities and the proportion of waste diverted from the landfills for fy 2021-22.
waste management data mt table: waste generated, diverted, and landfilled waste: ash, waste generated within the facilities mt : 229,940, waste diverted from landfill mt : 66,550, waste diverted to landfill mt : 163,390 waste: sludge, waste generated within the facilities mt : 97,642, waste diverted from landfill mt : 20,999, waste diverted to landfill mt : 76,643 waste: mee salt, waste generated within the facilities mt : 4,341, waste diverted from landfill mt : 0, waste diverted to landfill mt : 4,341 waste: others, waste generated within the facilities mt : 2,744, waste diverted from landfill mt : 4, waste diverted to landfill mt : 2,740 waste: total , waste generated within the facilities mt : 334,667 , waste diverted from landfill mt : 87,553 , waste diverted to landfill mt : 247,114 table end.
others include: iron scrap, plastic scrap, and used oil etc. additionally, in our efforts to optimize reagent usage and save landfill airspace, we are substituting acceptable waste streams for traditional reagents.
reagent optimization reduced landfill volume by 59,894 cubic meters while conserving resources like cement and lime.
the diagram illustrates the process of recovering salt from industrial waste, involving the mixing of dissolved sodium sulphate waste with activated carbon and the subsequent recovery of salt.
leachate management leachate from waste disposed in landfills is an environmental hazard as it contaminates both soil and water sources.
however, this risk can be mitigated by converting leachate into usable water.
an agitated thin film dryer atfd plant that showcases the best technological solution for treating leachate will soon be commissioned at hyderabad tsdf.
the aim of this installation is to augment the leachate disposal system without any adverse impact to the environment.
the process involves evaporating the leachate under controlled conditions by using steam as the source of heat.
the evaporated liquid is then captured in a condenser where it is collected as condensate.
in turn, the condensate can then be used for different activities at resl sites where it can be appropriately used.
water india is the second most populous nation in the world, with 1.41 billion people.
more than 6% of this population does not have access to clean water.
water availability per person depends on a nation's population, and in india, the country's per capita water availability is declining because of rising population.
in 2001 and 2011, the average annual water availability per person was estimated to be 1,816 cubic metres and 1,545 cubic meters, respectively.
these figures may further decline to 1,367 cubic metres by 2031. water is needed at our locations for various purposes such as cooling, domestic use and landscaping our premises.
due to the increase in the data coverage and the addition of new facilities in fy 2021-22, our water withdrawal has increased from the last financial year.
during the reporting year, 6,54,622 kl of water was withdrawn to be used at different sites.
water conservation is a priority at resl and the following reuse/recycling methods were planned and implemented to reduce our water intake: 8 multiple effect evaporators mee / evaporation plants in operation 1 mechanical vapour recompression mvr plant in operation 1 mvr plant and 2 mee/atfd plant will be in operation soon 2 mvr plants and 1 atfd plant in planning stage leachate management: best practices for minimizing the leachate quantity for treatment have been adopted.
at our waste management facilities, closed sheds with impermeable flooring are preferred for waste storage, processing etc. at msw facilities, leachate is utilized for spraying on landfill for dust control, circulated to compost plants to keep the windrows moist.
excess leachate is sent to lined storage ponds, treated in leachate treatment plants with an option to reuse the treated water in different processes.
at tsdfs, leachate is utilized for spraying on landfill for dust control, for stabilization of waste etc. part of the leachate, after adequate treatment, is utilized in spray driers attached to the incinerators for flue gas cooling.
oman maritime waste treatment omwt s.a.o.c: clean seas.
your choice, our mission the waste generated by maritime waste is a growing environmental hazard.
the international maritime organization's marpol regulations require ships to dispose their waste at port reception facilities and every port is required to provide suitable services.
we collect all types of solid and liquid waste from ships either with our specially built collection barges or using trucks, as desired by shipping companies.
we use the best available technologies to treat, process and purify waste contaminated water and return it to the oceans, suitable for marine life.
we commenced providing services in early 2022 and have fulfilled 25 jobs.
apart from waste collection from ships, we are targeting other shipping-related industries in the port that generate waste.
recycling options reverse osmosis ro plants multiple effect evaporators mee & agitated thin film dryers atfd mechanical vapour recompression mvr plants dry scrubbing system at some bmw facilities, a water-saving initiative called dry scrubbing system dss is implemented, which is detailed in the diagram below: reduces temperature of the exit gas from 1000+ °c to 200°c controls the particulate matter controls other pollutants diagram showing components like air cooled heat exchanger, ceramic filters, activated carbon, lime powder image of a ship at the port directors' report & financial statements 164 integrated annual report 2021-22 re sustainability limited 165 1. financial results: in compliance with the provisions of section 133 of the companies act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, the company has prepared its standalone and consolidated financial statements as per the indian accounting standards 'ind as' for the fy 2021-22.
2. performance & state of the company affairs: during the financial year, the company changed its erstwhile name from "ramky enviro engineers limited" to "re sustainability limited” resl , with effect from 10th february 2022. the new identity unites the company's various service offerings with its purpose to build a circular economy model and reflects its commitment to the philosophy that there is no such thing as waste—everything has the potential to be a resource.
the intent is to be synonymous not just with ‘recycle,’ but also with ‘rethink, reduce, reuse, repurpose, replenish and restore.’ this brand positions the company as a leader in environmental sustainability, with scale, expertise across industries, and an array of innovative technological solutions that turn waste into value.
the board recommends his reappointment.
the board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on company/business policy and strategy apart from other board business items.
b. secretarial auditor: pursuant to the provisions of section 204 of the companies act, 2013 and the companies appointment and remuneration of managerial personnel rules, 2014, the board, on the recommendation of the audit committee, appointed m/s r & a associates, company secretaries, hyderabad as the secretarial auditors of the company at the board meeting held on 05th august 2021 for the financial year 2021-22.
b. secretarial auditor: the secretarial auditors have submitted their report, confirming compliance by the company of all the provisions of applicable corporate laws.
following are the observations raised by the secretarial auditors in their report along with the explanation/ comments given by board.
observation: pursuant to e-waste management rules, 2016, the company has filed annual return in form-3 for the financial year 2020-21 for tukkuguda project site with the state pollution control board beyond the prescribed time., boards response: the filing has been acknowledged with a delay of 3 days only which was due to reason that the person acknowledging the report in pcb was not available during that time due to ongoing covid pandemic.
18. number of board meetings: the board meetings were held at regular intervals to discuss and decide on strategies apart from other regular board related items.
however, in case of a special and urgent business need, the board’s approval was taken by passing resolutions through circulation, as permitted by law, which were noted in the subsequent board meetings.
the role and function of nrc includes criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the board a policy, relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees.
50,000,000 rupees five crore only individually or rs.
21. disclosures as per the sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013: the company has adopted zero tolerance for sexual harassment at the workplace and has formulated a policy on prevention, prohibition, and redressal of sexual harassment at the workplace in line with the provisions of the sexual harassment of women at workplace prevention, prohibition and redressal act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder for prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at the workplace.
of awareness programs or workshops against sexual harassment conducted during the year, remarks: 22 no.: 5, particulars: nature of actions taken by the employer, remarks: na table end.
22. vigil mechanism/whistleblower policy: in line with the requirement under section 177 9 & 10 of the companies act, 2013, read with the companies meeting of the board and its powers rules 2014, the company has adopted vigil mechanism policy for directors and employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud, or violation of company's code of conduct and ethics.
further, the internal auditors are empowered to oversee & report to the audit committee about the status of internal financial controls on a quarterly/half yearly basis.
25. related party transactions: as a part of its philosophy of adhering to the highest ethical standards, transparency and accountability, your company is following the practice of undertaking related party transaction on arm's length basis.
the nomination & remuneration committee is empowered to evaluate the performance of all the directors by seeking their inputs on various aspects on the following: 1. the contribution to and monitoring of corporate governance practices, participation in the long-term strategic planning.
2. the fulfilment of directors’ obligations and fiduciary responsibilities, including but not limited to, active participation at the board and committee meetings.
29. conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earning and outgo under section 134 3 m of the companies act, 2013: the disclosures required under section 134 3 meter of the companies act, 2013 read with the companies accounts rules, 2014 for the year ended 31st march, 2022 are as follows: a. conservation of energy: company’s operations require electric energy for its industrial and bio-medical incinerators, leachate treatment equipment, municipal waste processing equipment, shredders, blenders, computer systems, air conditioners and offices etc. however, adequate measures have been taken to reduce energy consumption, wherever possible.
steps taken on conservation of energy and impact thereof: setting up of rooftop solar plant of 1.5mw in 8 sites which will have impact on: electricity bill cost reduction.
for example at hwmp we are carrying out 245kwp 1kwp = 4units to generate renewable source of 980kwp per day with net savings of inr 1.2l per month.
reduction of co₂ emissions.
by using the renewable energy solar , dependency on thermal power is reduced and also co₂ emissions.
inr 565 lakhs worth of renewable power purchase is committed by the company for the next 10 years.
investment is usage of steam for treatment of leachate: the company has conducted trials to use the waste steam from wte plant and is currently in the process of investing inr 300 lakhs to use this waste steam to reduce 11,520 tons of coal annually.
steps taken by the company for utilizing alternate sources of energy: the company has offered 1.5mw solar rooftop installations at 8 sites namely hwmp 245kwp , tnwml 200kwp , wbwml 100kwp , mpwmp 132kwp , cwmp 310kwp , mwml 241kwp , raipur 100kwp , bilaspur 100kwp . we have completed net metering for all the sites and in about 4 sites modules, mounting structures, ladder access has been delivered and execution works in progress.
the company is moving towards utilizing compressed bio-gas clean fuel for its incinerator and other equipment in hyderabad waste management project.
salt recovery project: pilot plant for recovery of sodium sulphate from industrial waste.
impact: reduction in waste going into landfill, reducing landfill footprint and air space.
reduced leachate generation due to the hygroscopic nature of the salt.
stabilization of leachate: stabilization of leachate on a large scale implemented at various sites hwmp, kwmp . impact: leachate generated from landfill stabilized with neutral dry landfill waste, reducing leachate quantity at large scale.
critical waste management: dynamic issue to identify appropriate and customized solutions for different wastes.
ensures compliance.
significant business opportunity 19.19 cr worth of business during 21-22 using critical waste disposal methods . optimization of reagents used for stabilization: replacement of cement and lime with low-cost ground granulated blast furnace slag ggbs . implemented at hwmp.
impact: reduced reagent consumption and landfill air space savings diversion from landfill . financial savings: inr 17.97 cr.
non-financial: conservation of natural resources and landfill air space savings.
other innovation projects in progress: diversion of waste from landfill: measuring the quantity/volume of waste/reagents disposed into the landfill.
impact: reduced landfill footprint and increased landfill air space.
setting up decontamination and recycling of plastic drums: pilot plant planned at hwmp.
impact: better compliance and circular economy through recycling.
setting up pilot plant for drying of high moisture waste sludge dryer : bench-scale experiments conducted showing high potential benefit from diverting high moisture wastes from landfill.
impact: reduced waste going into landfill.
reduced leachate as this is high moisture waste . avoidance of solidification process, reducing the use of natural resources.
30. statement regarding opinion of the board with regard to integrity, expertise and experience including the proficiency of the independent directors appointed during the year the board is of the opinion that the independent directors possess the requisite expertise, experience and proficiency in their field and are persons of high integrity and repute.
all independent directors have registered themselves with the data bank maintained by the indian institute of corporate affairs iica . further, the independent directors are exempted from undertaking the online proficiency self-assessment test for independent directors conducted by the iica.
1. we have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.
the verification was done on a test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.
b details of csr amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: nil c details of csr amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year: table: csr projects s. no.: 1, name of the project: integrated schooling & holistic approach- school renovation, infrastructure facilities, scholarships, books, etc, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 2, name of the project: scholarship program in schools, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: rajasthan, location of the project: district: balotra s. no.: 3, name of the project: school infrastructure development, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: rajasthan, location of the project: district: balotra s. no.: 4, name of the project: study material distribution in schools, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: karnataka, location of the project: district: belgaum s. no.: 5, name of the project: providing support for encouraging traditional singers, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: pan india, location of the project: district: pan india s. no.: 6, name of the project: providing assistance for skill development training for we hub & tata strive centre, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 7, name of the project: setting up of skill training centre, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: andhra pradesh, location of the project: district: rapur, nellore s. no.: 8, name of the project: setting up of skill training centre, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause ii of schedule vii: promoting education, skill development, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: sangareddy s. no.: 9, name of the project: distribution of blankets, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: andhra pradesh, location of the project: district: vizag s. no.: 10, name of the project: construction of bore wells, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: andhra pradesh, location of the project: district: vizag s. no.: 11, name of the project: providing medical facilities for differently abled, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 12, name of the project: setting up of health camp for village people, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: bihar, location of the project: district: aarha s. no.: 13, name of the project: distribution of oxygen concentrators and medicines for covid relief, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: karnataka, location of the project: district: bangalore s. no.: 14, name of the project: setting up of primary health check-up camp, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad s. no.: 15, name of the project: providing water tankers for making available safe drinking water, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: uttar pradesh, location of the project: district: akbarpur s. no.: 16, name of the project: setting up of ro plants, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: karnataka, location of the project: district: bangalore s. no.: 17, name of the project: providing support to orphanage, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, location of the project: state: telangana, location of the project: district: hyderabad table end.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 19, name of the project: flood relief activity- providing clothes, food, blanket, distribution of utensils to refugees, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water;, local area yes/no : yes, state: andhra pradesh, district: nellore, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 68,250.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 20, name of the project: organizing awareness programmes on plastic waste management, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause iv of schedule vii: natural resource management, local area yes/no : yes, state: delhi, district: delhi, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 37,80,721.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
name: ramky foundation, csr registration number: csr00004812 s. no.: 30, name of the project: providing drinking water in dundigal village near hwmp site, item from the list of activities in schedule vii of the act: clause i of schedule vii: promoting health care and making available safe drinking water, local area yes/no : yes, state: telangana, district: dundigal village, amount spent for the project in inr : ₹ 2,15,575.00, mode of implementation - direct yes/no : no, mode of implementation - through implementing agency.
we are independent of the company in accordance with the ‘code of ethics’ issued by the institute of chartered accountants of india together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the act and the rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the code of ethics.
those charged with governance are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process.
as part of an audit in accordance with sas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
accrual towards compensated absences at the end of the financial year are based on last salary drawn and outstanding leave absence at the end of the financial year.
includes rs.4,579.88 31 march 2021: rs.3,248.06 deposited in escrow account terms of hazardous waste management, handling and transboundary movement rules, 2008. 4d.
136/3 b admeasuring an extent of 2 acres and 32 singapore cents.
- corporate guarantee of mumbai waste management limited - corporate guarantee of re sustainability healthcare solutions limited formerly known as ramky energy and environment ltd.
i provision for capping and post closure provision for capping requires an evaluation of the cost of protective capping of the active landfills in which waste is dumped.
every employee who has completed five years or more of continuous service gets a gratuity on retirement at 15 days last drawn basic salary for each completed year of service.
35. disclosure pursuant to indian accounting standard ind as 108 “operating segments” waste management: comprises of collection, transportation, treatment of waste and maintenance of waste treatment facilities.
we are independent of the group, associates and joint ventures in accordance with the 'code of ethics' issued by the institute of chartered accountants of india together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the act and the rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the code of ethics.
as part of an audit in accordance with sas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
the landfill cost is amortised on the basis of capacity utilised by waste dumped in the landfills.
compensated absence the employees are entitled to accumulate leave subject to certain limits, for future encashment, as per policy of the group.
accrual towards compensated absences at the end of the financial year are based on last salary drawn and outstanding leave absence at the end of the financial year.
during previous year, medicare environmental management private limited, a subsidiary of holding company has acquired 74.00% equity shares of alliance envirocare company private limited engaged in the business of bio medical waste treatment operations for rs.
please provide a clearer image for accurate extraction.
please provide a clearer image for accurate extraction.
corporate guarantee of mumbai waste management limited corporate guarantee of ramky energy and environment ltd.
some cells in the original image contained additional textual details which have been summarized in this markdown table for clarity.
i provision for capping and post closure provision for capping requires an evaluation of the cost of protective capping of the active landfills in which waste is dumped.
every employee who has completed five years or more of continuous service gets a gratuity on retirement at 15 days last drawn basic salary for each completed year of service.
b including 49% held by mumbai waste management limited.
the group is entitled to collect tipping fees from the respective municipal authorities or the customers for hazardous waste - tnwml delhi tsdf project towards waste collected/disposed.
environmental disclosures gri 301: materials gri 301-1: materials used by weight or volume: manufactured capital page 74 gri 302: energy and emissions gri 302-1: energy consumption within the organization: natural capital: energy and emissions page 152 gri 302-4: reduction of energy consumption: natural capital: energy and emissions page 154 gri 303: water and effluent gri 303-1: interaction with water as a shared resource: natural capital: water page 160 gri 303-2: management of water discharge related impacts: natural capital: water page 160 gri 303-3: water withdrawal: natural capital: water page 161 gri 305: emissions gri 305-1: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions: natural capital: energy and emissions page 156 gri 305-2: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions: natural capital: energy and emissions page 156 gri 306: waste gri 306-1: waste generation and significant waste-related impacts: natural capital: waste page 157 gri 306-3: waste generated: natural capital: waste page 158 gri 308: supplier environmental assessment gri 308-1: new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria: social and relationship capital: supplier engagement page 131 gri 308-2: negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken: social and relationship capital: supplier engagement page 131 social disclosures gri 401: employment gri 401-1: new employee hires and employee turnover: human capital: employment page 104 gri 401-2: benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees: human capital: benefits provided to employees page 105 gri 401-3: parental leave: human capital: benefits provided to employees page 105 gri 403: occupational health and safety gri 403-1: occupational health and safety management system: human capital: occupational health and safety page 116 gri 403-2: hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation: human capital: occupational health and safety page 125 gri 403-3: occupational health services: human capital: occupational health and safety page 119 gri 403-4: worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety: human capital: occupational health and safety page 116 gri 403-5: worker training on occupational health and safety: human capital: occupational health and safety - health and safety training page 120 gri 403-6: promotion of worker health: human capital: employee engagement and wellbeing page 110 gri 403-7: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships: human capital: occupational health and safety page 125 gri 403-8: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system: human capital: occupational health and safety page 116 gri 403-9: work-related injuries: human capital: occupational health and safety page 122 gri 404: training and education gri 404-1: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee: human capital: learning and development page 107 gri 404-2: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs: human capital: learning and development page 107 gri 404-3: percentage of total employees by gender and by employee category who received a regular performance and career development review during the reporting period: human capital: employment page 103 gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity gri 405-1: diversity of governance bodies and employees: human capital: employment, diversity, equity and inclusion pages 103, 113 gri 406: non-discrimination gri 406-1: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken: human capital: human rights page 115 gri 407: freedom of association and collective bargaining gri 407-1: operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk: human capital: freedom of association and collective bargaining; social and relationship capital: supplier engagement pages 115, 132 gri 408: child labour gri 408-1: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labour: human capital: forced and child labour; social and relationship capital: supplier engagement pages 115, 132 gri 409: forced or compulsory labour gri 409-1: operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labour: human capital: forced and child labour; social and relationship capital: supplier engagement pages 115, 132 gri 410: security practices page numbers in parentheses refer to the page number in the original report where the information is found.
gri standards: social and environmental performance human capital: human rights security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures: 115 local communities operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs: 135 operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities: - note: none of our operations have a negative impact on the local communities.
supplier social assessment new suppliers that were screened using social criteria: 131 public policy political contributions: - note: we did not make any monetary contribution to politicians, lobbyists, trade associations and other tax-exempt groups in the last four years.
