the contact person for the sponsor is ms vera leong, vice president, hong leong finance limited, at 16 raffles quay, 01-05 hong leong building, singapore 048581, telephone +65 6415 9881. feedback we would like to provide a channel for our stakeholders to give us comments on sustainability issues to enable continual improvements.
the board recognizes that managing the socio-environmental impact of our business operations is essential for assuring long-term sustainability.
therefore, in formulating the business strategy, the group will ensure the sustainability issues are integrated in our strategy formulation and will uphold our commitment towards ensuring that our business practices are sustainable.
under the sgx-catalist listing requirements, the group is required to present the sustainability reporting annually to disclose the company’s sustainable business practices concerning the environmental, social, and governance “esg” topics.
the board is responsible for driving the group’s policies and performance in key environmental, social, and governance matters.
the board also provides oversight and monitors the management on these material esg matters.
the group has made some amendments to its material esg topics of waste management gri 306-2 , which replaces the damaged dry film product management with the obsolete thick film materials “thick film” management, which will be elaborated in the rest of the report.
with the latest change in sgx sustainability reporting requirements, the board is well aware of the changes in regulations and keeps ourselves equipped with the sustainability knowledge to keep up with the latest changes, such as board diversity and climate-related disclosures.
the group has aligned its covid-19 prevention measures with the local authorities’ revised covid-19 strategy of living with the disease as an endemic like influenza.
the office working environment has returned to normal.
however, the measures requiring staff who have a fever or contracted the coronavirus not being allowed to come to the office until their covid-19 there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
all the comments and suggestions from our customers, business partners, and the public will help determine and reinforce the group’s future sustainability strategies.
leung kwok kuen, jacob independent non-executive chairman, independent director incredible holdings ltd about this report this report sets out our management approach to sustainable topics of environmental, social, and governance "esg" topics that are considered important and material to the group.
we hope various stakeholders such as shareholders, suppliers, customers, and employees amongst others, would better appreciate our strategies and commitment towards the area of sustainability.
this report provides an update on the performance and targets of sustainability as set out in the previous fy2021 report and the relevant changes in the esg topics.
it is also deemed the most widely-adopted standard by organizations around the world.
our climate-related disclosures are guided by the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosure “tcfd” . there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
report accessibility in order to reduce our environmental footprint and the impact on the environment, the hardcopy version of this report will not be made available.
independent assurance the group has engaged an external sustainability consultant esg & biz solutions pte ltd to guide us on the sustainability reporting in order to comply with the latest requirements.
at incredible, we are committed to playing our part in supporting the 17 global goals.
in fy2022, we mapped the 17 goals over our material topics and decided to focus on the following goals in our sustainable business strategy: goal 3: good health and well-being goal 8: decent work and economic growth goal 12: responsible consumption and production goal 13: climate action note: the image contains a grid of icons representing the 17 un sustainable development goals.
this code of conduct provides a framework for employees to understand, observe and operate based on accountability, honesty and integrity in all aspects of the group's business and its dealings with all stakeholders.
our code of conduct provides guidance and emphasizes our commitment to: diversity and equality for all employees whistleblowing channel in the event if any high standard on workplace health and safety fair and transparent employment protect the environment in line with the group's stance to pursue our business objectives with integrity and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all countries in which we operate, we also have in place the following policies and guidelines: policy area: health & safety policy area: environment policy area: fire safety policy area: communications policy area: risk management policy area: whistleblowing table end.
sustainability report fy2022 corporate governance and governance structure the board of directors "the board" is committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance practices throughout the group, in line with the code of corporate governance 2018 last amended 11 january 2023 . the board will ensure compliance with other relevant regulations, notices, circulars, and guidelines issued by the monetary authority of singapore and the sgx-st.
the primary role of the board is to protect and enhance long-term shareholder value.
it provides entrepreneurial leadership, sets the overall strategy for the group, and ensures that necessary governance approaches, policies, and procedures are in place to meet its objectives.
the board has an established framework of prudent and effective controls, enabling risk assessment and management, including safeguarding shareholder interests and the group's assets, supervising management, reviewing management performance, and monitoring business goal performance to enhance shareholder value.
the board is also responsible for the overall corporate governance of the group, acting in its fiduciary capacity.
where appropriate, directors receive relevant briefings on regulatory changes, accounting standards, the listing manual, corporate governance, and other statutory requirements.
the board has overall responsibility for establishing and maintaining a framework of good corporate governance in the group, including risk management systems and internal controls to safeguard shareholder interests and the group's assets.
collective knowledge of governance body the current board composition provides a diversity of background, knowledge and experience to enable the board to make decisions in the best interests of the company with the following core competencies: business management; economic and financial planning; accounting and finance; legal and corporate governance; risk analysis; and e-commerce.
more details about our corporate governance statement are provided in our annual report.
the board puts in place a code of conduct and ethics, sets the appropriate tone-from-the-top and desired organisational culture, and ensures proper accountability within the group.
directors facing conflicts of interest recuse themselves from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict.
directors must understand the group's businesses as well as their directorship duties including their roles as executive, non-executive and independent directors . directors are provided with opportunities to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the company's expense.
sustainability governance structure the board has assigned the responsibility for monitoring and overseeing the company's sustainability efforts to the sustainability steering committee “steering committee” , which is chaired by the group’s chief executive officer and key executives across business functions and business segments in the group.
in addition, the steering committee reviews and reports the progress of our sustainability plans, efforts and performance to the board.
the board approves the sustainability strategy, framework and policies before their implementation.
the steering committee also oversees the climate risks to ensure that all climate-related risks are being properly identified, monitored and managed.
it is considered a valuable insight for the group to continuously improve its sustainability performance.
stakeholder engagement approach we engage our stakeholders regularly and on a day-to-day basis for specific stakeholders.
the group has engaged an external sustainability consultant to guide us on the sustainability reporting requirements.
our material topics material topics are topics that represent the group's most significant impacts on the economy, environment, and people.
feedback from key stakeholders forms a crucial part of our strategic and business planning and is viewed as valuable insights for the group to continuously improve its sustainability performance.
the material topics were evaluated in fy2022 for its potential impact on the environment and society, its influence on the stakeholders, and their impact on the group's operations.
material topics 1 : waste management , fy2021 performance: the group has met the fy2020 target to dispose 100% of damaged dry film through the local licensed waste management agency;, fy2022 target: dispose all damaged thick film with a licensed waste management agency;, fy2022 performance: due to slow-moving inventories, this resulted in expired inventory of 0.5kg. all expired thick films have been disposed by a licensed waste management agency., fy2023 target: the group aims for zero expiry and obsolete inventory in the next financial year.
the group has started to collect all the data and monitor the performance in order to set up effective goals for us to set the long-term development plan.
economy and business conduct key material topics gri 201-1: economic performance gri 205-3: anti-corruption relevant sdgs: decent work and economic growth sdg 8 the group strives to conduct business with the highest standards of integrity, transparency, and accountability, and does not tolerate bribery or corruption, and acts with fairness and integrity in its businesses.
by adopting the whistleblowing policy and for the purpose of good governance, it is the policy of the group that employees may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible corporate improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters without fear of retaliation.
he will protect the identity of the complainant and investigate the matters with the audit committee.
anti-corruption policy in incredible, our core business value is building a culture where we are committed to operating our business responsibly.
we remain dedicated to upholding our business ethics and integrity at the highest level, enforcing a system with zero tolerance for fraud, corruption, and unethical actions.
in view of this, the group adheres to high corporate governance standards and ensures compliance with all applicable rules and regulations.
the group's anti-corruption policy is reviewed periodically and communicated to all key management and staff.
policy commitment besides the above policies to ensure the ethical conduct of business, incredible has also set up various policies across environment management, human resource management, and occupational health and safety management, in line with our iso management and certification process.
we commit ourselves to all policies, including: ensuring fairness of employment; protecting the environment; and ensuring the highest level of adherence ensuring the highest level of adherence towards occupational health and safety management from our employees and contractors.
all the above policies are communicated to all employees within the group, as well as our suppliers and contractors.
regulatory and legal compliance incredible is committed to complying with all relevant laws and regulations.
besides establishing whistleblowing and anti-corruption policies, we have conducted regular legal and compliance assessments to ensure that our business is conducted with integrity, fairness, impartiality, and ethical behavior.
this ensures that we stay vigilant and remain up to date with the latest international economic environment and the latest laws and regulations.
our sustainability agenda also guides our business strategy in maintaining sustainable economic value for our stakeholders while investing in our people's development.
environment key material topics gri 302-1 energy gri 305-1,2 emissions gri 306-2 waste management image depicting relevant un sdgs our response to climate change tcfd climate change poses an enormous threat to the safety and wellbeing of our community and to the global economy.
in the fy2021 national budget, singapore government has announced that the carbon tax price will be increased from current singapore dollar5/measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes to $25/measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes in 2024 and 2025, and $45/measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes in 2026 and 2027, with a view to reaching $50-80/measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes by 2030 in order to achieve the climate ambition 1 . in jan 2022, the singapore exchange mandated climate reporting for selected sectors to follow the task force on climate-related financial disclosure guidelines.
at incredible, although we are not under the prioritized industry sector nor the energy-intensive industry, with increasing energy prices and global supply chain challenges, we must prepare ourselves for a sustainable future.
at the same time, we have an obligation to be a responsible corporate citizen to play our part in response to climate change.
therefore, in line with the tcfd reporting guidelines, the group is preparing ourselves to evaluate our performance and disclosure with the following four aspects: aspect: governance , description: disclose the organization's governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
aspect: risk management , description: disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
aspect: metrics and targets , description: disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
source: taskforce climate related disclosure, 2017 note: 1 nea, carbon tax, climate risk management the group has evaluated its key operational activities, with the consideration of including the following two risk categories into our risk management in the future.
transitional risk transitional risk means transitioning to a lower-carbon economy, which may entail extensive policy, legal, technology, and market changes to address mitigation and adaptation requirements related to climate change.
energy and emission with the latest change in the singapore stock exchange reporting guidelines as well as the transition towards the low-carbon economy, the group realises the importance of reporting the group's energy usage and co₂ emissions, although we are not in the energy-intensive industry.
the group will collect the data for two years before setting targets to ensure meaningful target setting.
energy usage table: energy consumption and carbon emissions fy2022 category: energy consumption , fy2022: 50,626 mj, notes: the energy consumption only includes the following operating premises: office in harvest in woodlands and the retail outlet in beach road.
category: carbon emissions category: scope 1 greenhouse gas emission category: mobile combustion, fy2022: 27.48 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent category: stationary combustion, fy2022: 0 category: total scope 1 greenhouse gas emission, fy2022: 27.48 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent category: scope 2 greenhouse gas emission category: purchased electricity, fy2022: 14,063 kilowatt-hours category: total scope 2 greenhouse gas emission, fy2022: 5.71 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent table end.
notes: the table summarizes energy consumption and carbon emissions data for fy2022.
the energy consumption data only includes the office in harvest in woodlands and the retail outlet in beach road.
waste management the group conducted an annual review of material esg matters in fy2022, due to the dry film business ceasing operations in fy2021.
thick film is an ink paste made by mixing, kneading, and dispersing metal powders, glass powders, and inorganic oxides with organic solvent.
it's considered an environmentally hazardous material, subject to disposal regulations.
to protect the environment, the group is committed to properly disposing of expired, obsolete, and damaged thick film.
damaged thick film must be properly disposed of due to its hazardous substances, such as cadmium and cadmium oxide.
the group complies with the environmental protection and management act 1999 part 7: hazardous substances control . obsolete or damaged thick film is kept in its original boxes, sealed with adhesive tape, and disposed of according to guidelines.
to mitigate environmental impact and costs, management purchases thick film based on customer requests.
the group aims for zero expired, obsolete, or damaged thick film, as disposal is costly.
all targets for fy2021 and fy2022 were met, with all damaged dry film and expired thick film disposed of by a licensed waste management agency.
people key material topics gri 401-1 employment gri 405-1 diversity & equal opportunity relevant un sdgs sdg 3: good health and well-being sdg 8: decent work and economic growth our employees are our most valuable assets, and they are essential to the group's long-term success.
in order to keep our employees motivated, we promote a supportive, inclusive, safe work environment with opportunities for development.
this is a cornerstone of the group's long-term human resources strategy.
organization environment & culture we believe that a supportive workplace culture and a commitment to invest in human capital underpin our success today.
engaging our people communication is essential to convey information and exchanging ideas.
staff interactions are constantly encouraged and enhanced for effective two-way communication between management and staff and to build a positive and transparent working environment.
benefits & wellness for our people the team spirit, physical health, and energy of each person serves as the foundation for the employees' well-being with the emphasis on a healthy lifestyle and work-life balance.
the company believes that productivity will rise with happier and healthier workers, boosting business profitability.
our employment at the end of fy2022, our total employee headcount was 16, comprising 100% permanent full-time employees.
new hires and employee turnover table: new hires and employee turnover fy2022 gender: male, no.
of new hires: 2, employee turnover: 5 gender: female, no.
of new hires: 0, hiring rate % 1 : 0 age group: 30-50 years old, no.
of new hires: 3, hiring rate % 1 : 13.6% age group: over 50 years old, no.
of new hires: 0, hiring rate % 1 : 0 age group: gender age group: male, no.
of new hires: 2, hiring rate % 1 : 9.1% age group: female, no.
diversity and equal opportunity incredible group values its employees and follows a policy of hiring, employing, training, and compensating employees in a non-discriminatory way and without regard to race, gender, religion, age, or nationality.
we have employees from diverse nationalities, including singaporeans, chinese, danish, and filipinos.
we hire based on qualification and specialization and do not tolerate discrimination or biases.
we believe employees will flourish in a nurturing, open, and diverse environment where their perspectives and ideas can be inter-exchanged.
we ensure fair opportunities and provide long-term career development, embrace diversity, and value all cultures.
our 16 employees comprise 5 different nationalities.
employee training and skill development we owe our success to our employees.
to show our gratitude, we invest in the training of our people to achieve their full potential.
we also offer talented employees opportunities to take on more challenging postings and groom them for greater responsibilities.
we encourage lifelong learning among our employees to prepare themselves for this ever-changing and dynamic industry.
employees will be sent for training whenever necessary to improve their skill sets.
apart from some online courses, we also offer the following training opportunities: formal training sessions individual or corporate employee coaching and mentoring seats at industry conferences on-the-job training job shadowing job rotation development is a collective process.
employees and managers are regularly engaged in discussions on exploring new learning opportunities.
it is hr's responsibility to facilitate any development activities and processes.
employee evaluation every employee in the group receives regular performance and career development reviews, which illustrates our resolve to manage and develop our human capital.
after the review process, employees undergo training pertaining to their job requirements to ensure greater efficiency and effectiveness in their performance.
product information key material topics: gri 417-1: marketing and labeling relevant un sdgs: responsible consumption and production product information and labelling transparency is key to build trust and credibility among our customers.
it is our role and responsibility to share with our customers adequate information about the positive and negative environmental and social impacts of our products.
the group understands that some watches are sold running on batteries made of lithium metal, which poses potential hazards to the environment.
for those watches, the instruction booklet states that "this product should not be discarded with household waste".
the instruction booklets contain detailed information on the product, operational instructions and care and maintenance.
7, 8 topics: feedback, location: pg.
11 disclosure: 2-7 employees, topics: our people, location: pg.
34 & 35 disclosure: 2-8 workers who are not employees, topics: n.a, location: n.a disclosure: 2-9 governance structure and composition, topics: our governance structure, location: pg.
17 disclosure: 2-10 nomination and selection of the highest governance body, topics: annual report, location: pg.
17 disclosure: 2-11 chair of the highest governance body, topics: our governance structure, location: pg.
17 disclosure: 2-12 role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, topics: our governance structure, location: pg.
17 disclosure: 2-13 delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, topics: directors' duties and responsibilities, location: pg.
18 disclosure: 2-14 role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, topics: sustainability governance structure, location: pg.
26 topics: policy commitment, location: pg.
sustainability report fy2022 table: gri index and report page references gri index: 2-17, description: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, report section: collective governance body, page number: 17 gri index: 2-18, description: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, report section: annual report gri index: 2-19, description: remuneration policies, report section: annual report gri index: 2-20, description: process to determine remuneration, report section: annual report gri index: 2-21, description: annual total compensation ratio, report section: annual report gri index: 2-22, description: statement on sustainable development strategy, report section: board statement, page number: 5, 6 gri index: 2-23, description: policy commitments, report section: our value and code of conduct, page number: 14 gri index: 2-24, description: embedding policy commitments, report section: policy commitment, page number: 27 gri index: 2-25, description: processes to remediate negative impacts, report section: policy commitment, page number: 27 gri index: 2-26, description: mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, report section: feedback, page number: 2 report section: whistleblowing policy, page number: 26 gri index: 2-27, description: compliance with laws and regulations, report section: regulatory and legal compliance, page number: 28 gri index: 2-28, description: membership associations, report section: n/a gri index: 2-29, description: approach to stakeholder engagement, report section: stakeholder engagement, page number: 21-22 gri index: 2-30, description: collective bargaining agreements, report section: n/a gri index: gri 3, description: material topics gri index: 3-1, description: process to determine material topics, report section: material topic identification, page number: 23 gri index: 3-2, description: list of material topics, report section: material topics, page number: 24 gri index: 3-3, description: management of material topics, report section: economy and business conduct, page number: 26-38 gri index: gri 201, description: economic performance gri index: 201-1, description: direct economic value generated and distributed, report section: annual report gri index: gri 205, description: anti-corruption gri index: 205-1, description: operations assessed for risks related to corruption, report section: anti-corruption policy, page number: 27 gri index: 205-2, description: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, report section: anti-corruption policy, page number: 27 gri index: 205-3, description: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, report section: anti-corruption policy, page number: 28 gri index: gri 302, description: energy table end.
table: sustainability report fy2022 - index gri standard: 302-1, description: energy consumption within the organisation, report section: energy and emission, page number: pg.
32 gri standard: gri 305, description: emissions, report section: energy and emission gri standard: 305-1, description: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emission, report section: energy and emission, page number: pg.
32 gri standard: 305-2, description: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emission, report section: energy and emission, page number: pg.
32 gri standard: gri 306, description: waste, report section: waste management gri standard: 306-1, description: waste generation and significant waste-related impacts, report section: waste management, page number: pg.
33 gri standard: 306-2, description: management of significant waste-related impacts, report section: waste management, page number: pg.
33 gri standard: gri 401, description: employment, report section: our workforce gri standard: 401-1, description: new employee hires and employee turnover, report section: our workforce, page number: pg.
35 gri standard: gri 405, description: diversity and equal opportunity, report section: our governance structure gri standard: 405-1, description: diversity of governance bodies and employees, report section: our governance structure, page number: pg.
