the contact person for the sponsor is mr. shervyn essex, 16 collyer quay, 10-00 collyer quay centre, singapore 049318, sponsorship@ppcf.com.sg shortened forms & acronyms in this annual report american depositary receipt: adr annual general meeting: agm asia pacific: apac bayer crop science llc: bayer crop science” or “bcs” bayer trendlines ag innovation fund: bayer trendlines ag fund" or "ag fund" b. braun melsungen ag: b. braun" board of directors: board" or "bod" catalist of the singapore exchange securities trading limited: catalist of the singapore exchange" chief executive officer: ceo chief financial officer: cfo chief operating officer: coo chief technology officer: cto compound annual growth rate: cagr environmental, social and governance: esg fair value: fv financial year ended 31 december 2021: fy2021 financial year ending 31 december 2022: fy2022 financial year ending 31 december 2023: fy2023 first in human: fih frequently asked questions: faqs general and administrative: g&a general partner: gp global reporting initiative: gri international financial reporting standards: ifrs initial public offering: ipo intellectual property: ip internal rate of return: irr israel innovation authority: iia librae holdings limited: lh maryland/israel trendlines fund gp llc: maryland gp maryland/israel trendlines fund l.p.: m/itf memorandum of understanding: mou merger and acquisition: m&a net asset value: nav otcqx market: otcqx®, a trademark of the otc markets group inc.
ltd.: trendlines agrifood fund trendlines agrifood innovation centre pte.
ltd.: trendlines medical singapore vice president: vp united nations sustainable development goals: un sdgs united states of america: us trendlines’ portfolio companies shortened forms agrig8 pte.
we extend our heartfelt gratitude to steve, todd, and zeev for their hard work and unwavering commitment to the company over the years.
the board of directors is cognizant of their responsibilities to our shareholders and stakeholders.
good governance we view good governance as a key pillar in the management, sustainability, and resilience of the company.
in november 2023, we were honored and proud to have been awarded the most transparent company award from the securities investors association in singapore.
resilience despite challenges despite a difficult year, we remain resilient and committed to building companies that will have a significant impact on people's lives and the planet; an impact that will grow and flourish through the years to come.
apifix exited in 2020 has dramatically improved the lives of hundreds of young scoliosis patients.
agroscout eliminates the use of thousands of liters of toxic pesticides.
arcuro brings game-changing technologies to orthopedics and sports medicine.
pregnantech may save the lives of millions of newborn babies.
phytolon delivers a sustainable alternative for natural color production.
these are just a few examples of the impact that our companies make, a result of the amazing vision and hard work of the extraordinary entrepreneurs and employees of our portfolio companies.
inspiringly, the israeli population has demonstrated remarkable resilience during this challenging period.
the entire nation has rallied together, offering support and volunteering wherever necessary to ensure the smooth functioning of businesses, agriculture, and essential infrastructure.
we thank our partners, investors, entrepreneurs, sponsors, shareholders, and the governments of the state of israel and the republic of singapore, for their continued support and confidence in the trendlines group.
this detailed approach prioritized which companies are the primary beneficiaries of trendlines' investment and support, empowering them to accelerate their growth trajectory and maximizing their exit value.
2. streamlining non-core activities trendlines innovation labs was founded with two objectives: firstly, to partner with multinational companies as an “innovation team” inventing and developing products and technologies while providing trendlines with a source of revenue through such collaboration projects.
secondly, to develop and spin-off start-up companies for investment and development by trendlines.
i join nehama in extending a big thank you to steve and todd for their support and immense contributions to the company over the years.
haim brosh chief executive officer the trendlines group annual report 2023 corporate profile the trendlines group invests in medtech and agrifood technology companies in israel and singapore, in accordance with its mission of investing to improve the human condition.
investment funds bayer trendlines & ag innovation fund: collaborative fund for incubator and pre-incubator companies in ag biotechnology.
trendlines agrifood fund: focused on young and mature agrifood tech companies.
2019 : established singapore-based trendlines agrifood innovation centre to leverage technological and scientific knowledge in singapore and the region.
established singapore-based trendlines agrifood fund to invest in innovation-based agrifood tech start-ups in singapore and in later-stage agrifood tech companies around the world.
2017 : launched first investment vehicle outside of israel, trendlines medical singapore, in partnership with b. braun and primepartners holdings, with the support of enterprise singapore.
2016 : established israel-based bayer trendlines ag innovation fund with bayer crop science to invest in the early-stage agrifood tech portfolio companies of the group.
2015 : ipo on the singapore securities exchange 2012 : held the inaugural agrivest conference which has grown from a small esoteric conference to one of the leading agtech conferences worldwide.
2011 : established trendlines innovation labs to invent and develop technologies to address unmet market needs for the trendlines group, and in collaboration with global companies in further support of our mission of investing to improve the human condition.
portfolio cluster values home healthcare home healthcare is a growing part of the healthcare ecosystem due to our growing and aging population, and pressure to reduce costs; the covid pandemic added a third driver to this rapidly growing sector.
medical and support services provided in our own homes allow us to recover faster from illness or injury, manage chronic conditions, maintain independence, and improve our quality of life.
trendlines' work in the field includes helping to move surgical procedures from the traditional hospital environment to ambulatory surgical centers and doctors' offices.
urology & women's health minimally invasive procedures, cryotherapy, and ultrasound technologies are some of the technologies innovating pelvic health - matters of the bladder, bowels, and reproductive organs.
trendlines' focus on pelvic health therapies is critical for social, mental, and sexual wellbeing.
friends a letter of this sort would be easy to write in better times; a simple letter of thanks and appreciation reflecting on the first 17 years of the trendlines group adventure – building great companies, working with brilliant founders, engaging with committed investors, and finding success for many along the way.
trendlines has built a portfolio of exciting companies that, although faced with meaningful challenges past, present, and future, have the potential to change lives in pursuit of our mission of investing to improve the human condition and to do this while creating significant value for shareholders.
the resilience of our entrepreneurs and staff should never be underestimated; they are committed to building amazing companies and improving lives, irrespective of the obstacles that life has placed in our way.
we will continue to work with haim and the company's managers, nitza kardish, barak singer, and eric loh.
we join all of you in wishing haim and the whole trendlines team much success; their success will be our success, too.
the journey is long, and the company is well-positioned today to achieve amazing things through the years ahead.
we have made many good friends in singapore and around the world.
this is the sort of work that we love and that we are focused on again as we turn our focus for trendlines to the portfolio, and as we continue our journey with trendlines in our new positions as the company's founders and chairs emeriti.
resilience “the israeli people are the most resilient people on earth.” - intel ceo, patrick gelsinger the 7 october 2023 terrorist attack in israel deeply impacted us, given the country's small size.
our sincere condolences to all affected families—those who lost loved ones, have family members held hostage, suffered injuries, or lost homes.
we fervently pray for the safe return of our soldiers defending the country and for the return of all the hostages.
in the spirit of israeli resilience, trendlines and our portfolio companies, despite some team members called up to military reserves, continued to progress.
alongside our daily work, we are actively involved in volunteering and supporting efforts, as part of our commitment to aiding the community.
with extensive experience in medtech and agrifood technology investments, we have established our reputation as leaders in life science investment.
this recognition empowers us to partner with international funds and multinational organizations in the medtech and agrifood sectors, investing alongside us in our portfolio companies, and acquiring our companies.
this was compounded by the judicial overhaul effort in israel which caused political instability, contributing uncertainty and investor reticence to capital commitments.
the 7 october 2023 terrorist attack on israel further harmed the investment environment in israel.
this impacted portfolio companies in different ways, ranging from delays in conducting clinical trials, supply chain matters, overseas travel, and some portfolio companies were compelled to evacuate from their premises and had to find alternative safe workspaces.
escala medical received a €5.5 million grant and equity investment from the european innovation council.
ecophage received grants from siird in partnership with dole and the iia.
agrifood companies conducting ongoing field studies: algahealth, ecophage, and ibi-ag.
agrifood companies with new strategic collaboration agreements: algahealth with huons foodience co.
trendlines medical singapore trendlines medical singapore was established in 2016 to establish, incubate and commercialize healthcare innovations.
the incubator is supported by the government of singapore and actively collaborates with local research institutions, hospitals, and multinational medical companies.
trendlines agrifood fund and trendlines agrifood innovation centre afic investments in 2023, the agrifood fund strategically consolidated its efforts and dedicated more resources to assist portfolio companies in attaining their milestones.
january 2023: the agrifood fund led a follow-on investment in its portfolio company agrig8 as it began pilot trials across southeast asia to onboard farmers to its platform to incentivize adoption of sustainable rice farming practices with affordable loans.
insectta is poised for continued growth and expansion, solidifying its position as the leader in sustainable extraction of biomaterials from insect sources.
this year, afic expanded its commitment to fostering early-stage agrifood start-ups and organized three accelerator programs that saw the participation of over 30 local and global start-ups.
in this series of programs, afic implemented dedicated curricula for specific agrifood verticals and brought in strategic partners for more tailored resources to address the nuanced challenges that exist within each domain.
portfolio company activities insectta announced the opening of its new insect biomaterial extraction pilot plant in late november 2023, marking the beginning of commercial production of its patented black soldier fly chitosan and melanin.
this marks a significant milestone for the insect industry as the insectta team has achieved another world's first – the ability to extract water-soluble melanin in unprecedented quantities.
. september 2023 barak singer accompanied portfolio company ceos of stfix, proarc, and ceretrieve in presenting at the lsi europe emerging medtech summit.
. todd and eddy attended the 2023 pujiang forum, where todd gave a keynote address.
. august 2023 china's ambassador to israel, cai run and his delegation visited the company's headquarters in israel and met with portfolio company solveat.
july 2023 meeting with portfolio company ceos and team members to learn about using artificial intelligence tools.
may 2023 kick-off 3i accelerator program with founders of four participating startups accompanied by the afic team.
april 2023 steve rhodes and sarai kemp, together with the algahealth team, eran itzkovitz and oran ayalon signed a collaboration agreement with south korean company huons foodience.
february 2023 nitza kardish participated in a panel discussion at the ourcrowd summit.
meeting with shareholders and analysts for activity reviews and q&a sessions.
following the october 7 attack on israel and the subsequent state of war, we provided updates to shareholders on the situation, its effects on us, and the plans we were implementing to cope with the unfolding of events and the uncertainties.
participants joined the virtual meeting through electronic means, engaging in a question and answer interaction with our management team, including receiving updates on the impact of the war.
the trendletter, our corporate newsletter, is distributed globally, sharing information about our organization and portfolio companies, as well as events we organize or attend and news items featuring the group or our portfolio companies.
through our presence on social media platforms such as linkedin, facebook, and x, we consistently share corporate and industry-related news to engage with our global audience.
events recognizing the benefits and importance of face-to-face meetings and events with investors and partners, we hope to conduct more physical meetings in 2024. trendlines group @trendlinesgroup investing to improve the human condition.
our israeli & singaporean incubators invest in medtech & agrifood start-ups.
the board oversees material esg factors and their management, including stakeholder engagement, issue identification, and monitoring.
at trendlines, we integrate esg factors into our investment screening and portfolio building.
we made special efforts to find ways to support our portfolio companies during these times, reviewing funding needs and making creative ways to extend budget runways.
our investments in the medtech and agrifood industry tackle global challenges in agriculture, food, and healthcare.
from 8 october 2023 onwards, trendlines immediately assessed the effects of an impending war on employees and portfolio companies.
we continue to work closely and monitor both employees and portfolio companies' needs on an ongoing basis, with support wherever possible through these unpredictable times.
we see this as an essential element of our business resiliency that facilitates our ability to navigate and respond to unexpected crises.
it follows the global reporting initiative "gri" universal standards 2021 and uses the gri reporting principles for report content and report quality, and is also guided by the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd" . the gri standards have been chosen as they are a recognized wide-ranging and global standard for sustainability reporting.
regarding environmental and employee metrics, we have included our headquarters in israel and facility in singapore.
trendlines' board, consisting of five independent directors, together with our executive management team, oversees our sustainability strategy, including oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
the trendlines group annual report 2023 sustainability governance structure materiality assessment our sustainability journey is an integral part of our mission as an organization: investing to improve the human condition.
the interests and requirements of key stakeholders are also considered when formulating corporate strategies.
for example, shifts in weather patterns have implications for crop yields, emphasizing the pressing need for the development of nutritionally rich and climate-resilient crop varieties.
healthcare costs are rising worldwide, highlighting the need for technologies that reduce costs in this sphere.
these are the kinds of factors that underpin our commitment to the investment sectors of our choice.
once we have made an investment, our attention is devoted to governance policies and procedures in our interactions with and monitoring of portfolio companies.
mandating clear accountability, control, and reporting mechanisms for both financial and non-financial aspects ensure robust governance standards and allow us to follow and support the portfolio companies' milestone achievements enabling them to enter the marketplace and provide returns on their investment.
these factors encompass business, environmental issues, social issues, and governance issues.
waste produced.
fuel consumed by car travel.
emissions tracked from air travel.
involvement in ecosystem support: conferences, events, relevant sector organizations, charitable organizations, forums.
risks in the longer term may include impact from climate change.
not including the agrifood fund portfolio environmental definition monitoring our environmental footprint, while encouraging employees in environmentally friendly practices.
the monitoring and measure of the scope 1 direct greenhouse gas emissions and scope 2 indirect greenhouse gas emissions assist to monitor our environmental footprint.
for disclosure on our emissions, see tables 4.1-3 below.
risk in the short-term, climate changes are affecting our natural habitats.
opportunity in the short term, we can work to achieve and maintain environmentally friendly practices and encourage investments in companies that are sustainable and reduce climate impact.
in the long-term, impact investing may become a growing investment sector due to the need for more sustainable technologies and business endeavors.
sustainability report targets to strive to carry out and maintain our business operations in as environmentally responsible a way as possible and to continually explore ways to reduce our environmental footprint in the short, medium, and long term.
ensuring that we maintain our current greenhouse gas emissions will assist in monitoring our operating expenditures on energy, water, fuel use, as well as monitoring our environmental impact as an organization.
for 2024, we will begin monitoring our emissions from business flight travel.
reporting on our environmental performance, we continue to collect data and monitor the emissions occurring from our daily operations in israel and singapore regarding fuel use for employee transportation, electricity, and water consumption, as well as waste management.
while our business does not heavily consume natural resources, we continue to make efforts to minimize our carbon footprint, or at least, not increase it from year to year.
energy use the group targets to maintain the same energy usage levels from year to year per square meter.
we aim for a gradual reduction by constant reminders to employees on energy-saving behaviors, as well as the examination of the adoption of energy-saving technologies where appropriate.
table 4.1 energy consumption location: israel 1950 square meters , fy2022 kilowatt-hours: 193748; energy intensity 99.4 kilowatt-hours/square meters; carbon emissions 164685.8 kilograms, fy2023 kilowatt-hours: 233912; energy intensity 119.9 kilowatt-hours/square meters; carbon emissions 198825.2 kilograms, fy2023 performance: the target of maintaining energy consumption for fy 2023 at the same level of fy2022 was not attained., fy2024 targets : maintain similar energy usage per square meters location: singapore, fy2022 kilowatt-hours: not measured, fy2023 kilowatt-hours: 7943 kilowatt-hours for 496 square meters; energy intensity 16 kilowatt-hours/square meters; carbon emissions 6751.38 kilograms, fy2024 targets : maintain similar energy usage per square meters location: total carbon emissions kilograms , fy2022 kilowatt-hours: 205576.6 table end.
notes: the table includes data on energy consumption, energy intensity, and carbon emissions for israel and singapore.
the fy2023 performance notes that the target for maintaining energy consumption at the same level as fy2022 was not met.
the fy2024 targets aim to maintain similar energy usage per square meter for both locations.
sustainability report fuel consumption from 2022 to 2023, the company reduced its use of gas for car usage by moving to hybrid cars.
the target is to reduce this further by leasing only hybrid or electric cars.
table: fuel consumption year: fy2022, israel l : 32541.43, carbon emissions kilograms : 74715.12 year: fy2023, israel l : 26964.42, carbon emissions kilograms : 61910.31, performance: reduced by 17%, target: continue to reduce fuel consumption through fewer cars leased and more hybrids.
fuel consumption measurements refer only to cars leased by the company, which constitutes a scope 1 direct emissions for 2023 of approximately 61910.31 kilograms co2.
water consumption we have begun to monitor our water consumption in our offices in israel.
our goal is to maintain the same levels of water usage, with a view to reducing where possible.
table: water consumption year: fy2022, israel cubic meters for 1950sqm : 1394.34, carbon emissions kilograms : approximately 557.736 year: fy2023, israel cubic meters for 1950sqm : 1078.65, carbon emissions kilograms : approximately 431.46, performance: reduced by 22%, target: maintain or reduce water consumption.
start measuring water consumption in singapore facility if possible.
water consumption measurements refer only to our israel site and constitute a scope 3 indirect disclosure for 2023 of approximately 432.46 kilograms co2.
waste management we will continue to recycle paper and cardboard and achieve zero use of disposable utensils.
to continue to use digital communications wherever possible to avoid unnecessary waste of paper.
sustainability report - fy2023 performance in israel, we recycle all paper and cardboard.
however, the lack of recycling infrastructure at the local business park poses limitations on recycling other waste.
investing in environmentally sustainable companies, for example: viaqua' esg mapping viaqua makes aquaculture environmentally friendly and financially sustainable by harnessing the power of rna.
sdg number: 3, sdg goal: good health and well-being, viaqua's contribution: viaqua helps maintain fish and other livestock's health by efficiently delivering precise and targeted solutions to various diseases that could otherwise impact our food's quality and our health.
sdg number: 6, sdg goal: clean water and sanitation, viaqua's contribution: viaqua's efficient rna-based solutions reduce the use of uncontrolled antibiotics and other drugs that can reside in the water systems.
sdg number: 14, sdg goal: life below water, viaqua's contribution: viaqua helps increase the yield of farmed fish and shrimp and reduce overfishing.
planetech climate challenge map viaqua's efficient rna-based solutions reduce the use of uncontrolled antibiotics and other drugs that can reside in the water systems.
using precise and targeted solutions for various diseases, viaqua increases yield, reduces loss and greenhouse gas emission, and increases overall farmed animal health and quality.
viaqua helps increase the yield of farmed fish and shrimp and reduce overfishing.
the trendlines group annual report 2023 sustainability report social definition to create a safe work environment encompassing both physical and mental well-being.
to develop and maintain diversity and inclusion for all employees.
to foster positive connections with the wider community, giving employees wider purpose and building brand awareness and reputation.
risk a workplace that is unsafe or uncomfortable physically and mentally can have a detrimental effect on motivation and productivity, negatively impacting employee morale.
lack of diversity can create limitations to creative thinking and problem-solving.
lack of connection to the wider community may lead to insular thinking, preventing learning from the ecosystem, and prevention of brand-identity building.
opportunity creating a workplace that is attractive to employees enables the group to be attractive to talented professionals, enhancing the company's competitive advantage.
diversity in the workplace enables the group to benefit from a wealth of diverse skills, knowledge sets, and experience.
targets our targets for the short, medium, and long term are to attract and retain quality employees with a diverse set of skills and experience as an important competitive advantage in our field of business.
table 5: sustainability report - 2023 and 2024 targets focus: gender and age diversity, 2023 targets: to maintain our balance between male and female and age diversity., performance: of the 34 employees in israel and singapore, 18 53% were women, while 17 50% were aged 50 and above.
see full details in the employee section., 2024 targets: to maintain our level of diversity both on the team and on the bod.
focus: well-being of employees, 2023 targets: to maintain and develop our concern for employee well-being and support through personal interaction and company fun days/social projects., performance: see the employee section for details., 2024 targets: 1. to maintain activities that enhance employee well-being.
2. to continue to map out employees affected by the war and assist where possible.
focus: community involvement, 2023 targets: to maintain and develop our level of involvement in the wider community and join new initiatives where appropriate., performance: see the local community section for details., 2024 targets: to evaluate our involvement in current programs and make changes where appropriate.
focus: incidents of discrimination, 2023 targets: zero, performance: nil, 2024 targets: none.
employee well-being we hold the belief that the sustained success of our organization hinges on the dedicated contributions of our workforce and their alignment with the corporate strategic priorities.
we highly appreciate our employees' commitment to the company's objectives and are committed to fostering a positive workplace environment that promotes productivity and efficiency for all.
this approach ensures that we stay informed about the priorities and concerns of our workforce while also ensuring their continued alignment with our strategic goals.
in 2023, the company adopted an anti-discrimination policy see corporate governance section whereby the group has pledged to maintain an inclusive and non-discriminatory culture that treats all employees fairly.
additionally, we arrange employee outings, fun days, and communal meals in the office to encourage informal communication and connection between employees.
in the last quarter of the year, many of our employees in israel were affected by the october attack and the war that has followed.
management have kept in close contact with all employees to map out their needs and ensure their well-being during these tense times.
diversity trendlines recognizes the significance of diversity within our workforce, valuing the diverse range of skills and experiences contributed by our staff in both israel and singapore.
our commitment is to establish an inclusive and culturally sensitive work environment that offers equal opportunities to all employees, irrespective of factors such as ethnicity, language, religion, age, or gender.
. < -- placeholder for any additional images present in the original image -- sustainability report in 2023, we strategically downsized our staff across operations in israel and singapore, aligning with our shift to concentrate on existing portfolio companies rather than initiating new ventures.
the company's board diversity policy addresses the balance of gender, skills and experience, and any other relevant aspects of diversity, to enhance and strengthen the quality of the board's composition and contribution to the group.
with a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the company sees diversity at the board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development.
chart 1: gender diversity of employees chart 2: age diversity of employees local communities trendlines continues to be involved in the local innovation ecosystems in both israel and singapore, supporting and participating in various types of events that foster collaboration in order to build and bolster innovative and entrepreneurial cultures.
trendlines founded and continues to run the agrivest conference, israel's premier agritech event.
trendlines' team and management regularly participate in ecosystem events as panelists, moderators, and mentors, both in israel and in singapore.
when the companies go public or are acquired, tmura donates its earnings to educational initiatives and youth-related charities.
we do not set specific targets for our community involvement.
on an annual basis we review our current commitments and examine new initiatives on an ongoing basis to find the best fit for our contributions and involvement.
governance definition: ensure the application and adherence to rules, laws, and regulations in all jurisdictions where the company conducts business.
risk management: the board holds responsibility for overseeing the comprehensive risk governance, risk management, and internal control framework of the company.
it has established an internal control system to protect the interests of shareholders and the company's assets while sustainability report - trendlines group annual report 2023 shareholders we are committed to establishing enduring trust and confidence with our investors through our investor communications initiatives.
recognizing the significance of timely, transparent, and precise disclosure of essential information to the investment community, we employ a diverse range of communication channels, leveraging digital technologies.
opportunity compliance results in better ability to manage risks, provide organizational stability and stakeholder trust.
targets as an organization, trendlines aspires to the highest standards of corporate governance and our goals for the short, medium, and long term are to maintain 100% regulatory compliance, business ethics, and transparent management as set out in detail below.
the group sees excellent governance as a vital element in garnering and building trust in trendlines from shareholders, to employees, to portfolio companies and business partners thus building financial and business strength.
sustainability report business ethics definition business ethics includes organizational principles, standards and values that govern the actions of the group and employees to prevent bribery, corruption, and extortion in all the markets where the group operates.
opportunity businesses that follow excellent ethical standards enjoy good reputations, build trust and confidence, and may lead to greater business success.
provide ethical guidelines for crisis management.
trendlines is committed to high standards of ethics and integrity as an organization, and we aim to inculcate these standards in our portfolio companies' management standards.
our business ethics are grounded in a number of corporate policies which we uphold and monitor.
table: code of business conduct and ethics policies 2023-2024 focus: 1. code of business conduct and ethics policy, purpose: businesses that follow excellent ethical standards enjoy good reputations, build trust and confidence, and may lead to greater business success., 2023 targets: to maintain 100% training compliance and zero incidents of misconduct., performance: achieved, 2024 targets: to maintain 100% training compliance and zero incidents of misconduct.
notes : the table summarizes the group's key business ethics policies and their performance against targets for 2023 and planned targets for 2024. the board's diversity is also highlighted under policy 5. regulatory compliance regulatory compliance is taken seriously by the company and comprises compliance with laws and regulations of every jurisdiction in which we operate.
we perform internal audits annually to ensure compliance in different areas of our operations.
focus: internal audit on related parties transactions, 2023 targets: -, performance: n/a, 2024 targets: to implement the recommendations thereafter.
we maintain consistent communication with our portfolio companies, seeking to comprehend their challenges and limitations and, whenever feasible, offering recommendations and advice on potential solutions.
to ensure effective strategic oversight and promote sound governance practices, several members of trendlines’ management team actively participate as board members in 95% of our portfolio companies.
an area which we did not expect was how to support our companies during a crisis such as wartime.
portfolio companies were affected in different ways, depending on their human resource make-up, their geographical operations, their business field and others.
some companies faced the sudden and relatively long absence of team members due to being called to serve as reservists.
some companies had to relocate their operations or laboratories as they were close to borders which were evacuated due to danger.
sustainability report the trendlines team made it a priority to map out needs and assist with finding appropriate solutions wherever possible.
examples are: accommodating evacuated teams to use our office facilities as their temporary base.
liaising with government bodies to provide bridge funding.
assisting with recruitment of temporary human resources to maintain functioning.
the trendlines’ board representative reminds the respective ceos to ensure that such regular communications are carried out., 2024 targets: all portfolio companies to communicate on a regular basis quarterly with their boards and shareholders.
government and industry due to our involvement in the essential agrifood and healthcare sectors, which are closely monitored by governments, we maintain frequent communication with political officeholders, government officials, and regulators.
regular participation in working groups and consultation forums allows us to address industry issues and challenges faced by our portfolio companies.
for instance, we play an active role in shaping a policy report aimed at governmental levels, focusing on planning a sustainable and equitable transition resulting from the adoption of new technologies in agriculture and their impact on the traditional agricultural and food sector.
our ongoing engagement with the israel innovation authority, a government agency in israel, involves staying updated on the latest developments in its investment programs.
furthermore, we actively liaise with government agencies in singapore to stay informed about the latest industry trends and modifications to grants and other incentives.
in singapore, we have established numerous collaborations with hospitals and health maintenance organizations.
it is challenging to set specific targets for our involvement with government and industry, as these change and evolve on an ongoing basis.
we constantly review our current involvements and opportunities in this realm and examine new initiatives on an ongoing basis.
page number and company logo sustainability report we play an active role in various industry affiliations and organizations involved in technological innovation, including: israel innovation authority planetech collaboration israel advanced technology industries membership and collaboration israel export & international cooperation institute membership and cooperation start-up nation central cooperation medtech insight membership and cooperation singapore israel industrial r&d foundation “siird” cooperation growingil, part of israel innovation institute cooperation and running of agrivest conference ecommunity – a mission-driven corporation located at the misgav business park that employs persons with disabilities to recycle and upcycle e-waste support klika innovation hub – an initiative of the misgav regional council to promote innovation and enterprise collaboration agtech nation linkedin community page tmura, the israeli public service venture fund enterprise singapore cooperation national healthcare group cooperation fair transition policy report by the yesodot institute publication of policy report nurasa collaboration a star's singapore institute of food and biotechnology innovation sifbi collaboration republic polytechnic collaboration gri content index the trendlines group ltd.
sustainability report corporate governance item number: 2-17, description: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, report location: corporate governance report main ar item number: 2-18, description: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, report location: corporate governance report main ar item number: 2-19, description: remuneration policies, report location: corporate governance report main ar item number: 2-20, description: process to determine remuneration, report location: corporate governance report main ar item number: 2-21, description: annual total compensation ratio, report location: this is currently not tracked item number: 2-22, description: statement on sustainable development strategy, report location: contribution to sustainable development item number: 2-23, description: policy commitments, report location: contribution to sustainable development item number: 2-24, description: embedding policy commitments, report location: contribution to sustainable development item number: 2-25, description: processes to remediate negative impacts, report location: governance for sustainability item number: 2-26, description: mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, report location: governance for sustainability item number: 2-27, description: compliance with laws and regulations, report location: regulatory compliance item number: 2-28, description: membership associations, report location: stakeholder engagement item number: 2-29, description: approach to stakeholder engagement, report location: stakeholder engagement item number: 2-30, description: collective bargaining agreements, report location: no employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
topic-specific standards: business ethics item number: gr1205, description: anti-corruption 2016 item number: 205-1, description: operations assessed for risks related to corruption, report location: business ethics item number: 205-2, description: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, report location: business ethics item number: 205-3, description: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, report location: business ethics table end.
gri 302: energy 2016 item number: 3-3, description: management of material topics, report location: materiality assessment item number: 305-1, description: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, report location: tables 4.1-4.3 table end.
gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 item number: 3-3, description: management of material topics, report location: materiality assessment item number: 405-1, description: diversity of governance bodies and employees, report location: chart 1 table end.
table: tcfd alignment tcfd thematic areas: 1. governance , recommended disclosures: a describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities; b describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities, references and remarks: governance for sustainability tcfd thematic areas: 2. strategy , recommended disclosures: a describe the climate-related risks and opportunities identified over the short, medium, and long term; b describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization's business, strategy, and financial planning; c describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario, references and remarks: climate risk disclosures tcfd thematic areas: 3. risk management , recommended disclosures: a describe the organization's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks; b describe the organization's processes for managing climate-related risks; c describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization's overall risk management, references and remarks: climate risk disclosures; the overall impact is non-material impact on operating costs.
tcfd thematic areas: 4. metrics and targets , recommended disclosures: a disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process; b disclose scope 1, scope 2, and if appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks; c describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets, references and remarks: environmental performance tables 4.1-4.3 table end.
nehama holds a ba in education and history from beit berl college and an ma in public administration from haifa university.
the economic corporation of haifa university, israel , where she was responsible for, among other things, leading commercial and business activities and where she founded and served as the ceo of carmel innovations ltd., a microfund that invests in projects from haifa university.
she received her bsc in computer sciences from the technion-israel institute of technology and her diploma magna cum laude in business administration from the university of haifa, israel.
between 1996 and 2011, boon ann was a member of the singapore parliament, representing the tampines grc.
boon ann holds a ba and llb hons from the national university of singapore and an llm from the university of london.
he was ceo of the national research foundation, singapore, until august 2022, a position he held since 2012. he was previously the managing director of a star 2010 - 2012 as well as the founding principal of republic polytechnic 2002-2008 and dean of the faculty of engineering in the national university of singapore 1998 - 2000 . professor low was awarded the national science and technology medal in 2004, the highest honor bestowed on an individual who has made distinguished and exceptional contributions, playing a strategic role in the development of singapore through the promotion and management of r&d.
professor low received his bsc in electrical engineering and a phd at the university of southampton.
she was also in charge of its corporate governance matters.
additionally, sarit was a teaching fellow for business english courses at the faculty of law of the university of haifa.
their unwavering commitment to excellence, innovation, and integrity has set a standard of excellence that has inspired and motivated the group as a whole.
may their vision continue to guide the company towards greater heights and achievements in the years to come.
steve founded the trendlines group with todd dollinger in 2007 and shared the positions of chair and ceo of trendlines with todd till october 2023. steve and todd's strong 30-year business partnership formed the foundation on which trendlines was built and founded many companies, supporting their growth and commercial endeavors, mentoring entrepreneurs who went on to become serial founders, and built and strengthened the medtech and agrifood sectors in israel and singapore alike.
todd founded the trendlines group with steve rhodes in 2007 and shared the position of chair of trendlines with steve.
the 9 years' experience and thorough knowledge of the group makes haim an excellent choice to lead trendlines moving forward.
in november 2019, nitza was named ceo of the trendlines agrifood fund and vice chair of afic, the agrifood innovation center, both in singapore.
nitza brings true passion to her mission that we must bring change to our food production chain, together with the humble realization that we are a single piece of a huge and complex, global agrifoodtech puzzle.
a plant geneticist, nitza brings more than 30 years of experience working in senior management positions at life science companies to trendlines.
“technion seed" , where she was responsible for the life sciences and cleantech fields.
nitza earned her doctorate life sciences from tel aviv university and was a postdoctoral research fellow in the department of plant genetics at the weizmann institute of science.
she received an msc cum laude from tel aviv university.
barak joined trendlines in 2016 as vp business development of trendlines medical and in 2019 he was appointed ceo of trendlines investments israel.
eric loh ceo trendlines medical singapore eric loh joined the trendlines group in 2016 and is responsible for the leadership and overall management of trendlines medical singapore.
eric brings more than 25 years of experience in the medical device industry to trendlines.
eric holds an msc in medical engineering and a beng hons , both from the national university of singapore, and is a graduate of an executive mba program affiliated with the helsinki school of economics.
trendlines medical shanghai innovation centre: a subsidiary.
"trendlines" or the "company", and together with its subsidiaries, the “group” recognizes the importance of corporate governance and the offering of high standards of accountability to the shareholders of the company "shareholders" . good corporate governance establishes and maintains a legal and ethical environment in the group to protect the interests of the shareholders and to maximize long-term shareholders' value.
practice guidance 1 of the 2018 code: board's role.
the board sets the appropriate tone from the top for the entire organization where ethics and values are concerned.
the board works together with management and oversees the business affairs of the group.
the board not only supervises management's performance toward maximizing long-term shareholders' value, but also assumes responsibility for the group's overall strategic plans, including financial and operational performance objectives, annual budget, financial performance reviews, compliance and accountability systems, and corporate governance practices.
provision 1.2 of the 2018 code: directors understand the company's business as well as their directorship duties including their roles as executive, non-executive and independent directors . directors to receive appropriate training to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the company's expense.
the board recognizes the importance of appropriate orientation training and continuing education for its directors.
all new directors appointed to the board are briefed on the group's activities, strategic direction and policies, key business risks, and the regulatory environment in which the group operates, as well as their statutory and other duties and responsibilities as directors, and are provided with copies of the group's applicable policies including, inter alia: disclosure policy; securities dealing policy; whistle blowing policy; anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy; corporate governance report diversity policy 2018 code of business conduct and ethics; and any other corporate policy ies as may be adopted by the group, which is applicable to, or supervised, by the board.
the company's management updates the board, at least on a quarterly basis, on business and strategic developments of the group, and the directors are also provided with updates and/or briefings from time to time by professional advisors in areas such as directors' duties and responsibilities, corporate governance practices, relevant legislations and regulations, risk management and financial reporting standards.
to ensure directors can fulfil their obligations and continuously improve the performance of the board, all directors are encouraged to undergo continual professional development during the term of their appointment.
directors are encouraged to consult the chair if they consider that they personally, or the board as a whole, would benefit from specific education or training regarding matters that fall within the responsibility of the board or relate to the company's business.
the company is responsible for arranging and funding the training for the directors.
in addition, directors are regularly updated in areas of directors' duties and responsibilities, corporate governance, changes in financial reporting standards, insider trading, changes in the israeli companies law and industry-related matters, to keep themselves apprised of the latest corporate, regulatory, legal and other requirements.
determine the minimum number of directors who should have accounting and financial expertise.
under catalist rule 406 3 e , a listed issuer must establish committees to perform the functions of an audit committee, a nominating committee, and a remuneration committee, with written terms of reference clearly setting out the authority and duties of the committees.
corporate governance report to assist the execution of its responsibilities, the board has established three committees: the audit committee the "ac" , the nominating committee the “nc” , and the remuneration committee the “rc” . these are collectively referred to as the “board committees”.
these board committees have been constituted with clearly written terms of reference setting out the basic guiding principles for the establishment and activities of the respective board committees.
provision 1.5 of the 2018 code: directors attend and actively participate in board and board committee meetings.
in order to address the competing time commitments of the directors and ensure that the group’s operations are not disrupted, the schedule of all board and board committees’ meetings is prepared and given to all directors well in advance.
minutes of all meetings of the board and board committees are recorded and duly entered in books provided for that purpose.
the dates for the board, board committees’ meetings and the agm are scheduled by management in advance in consultation with the directors to assist them in planning their attendance.
a director would have been appointed on the strength of his or her caliber, experience, and stature, and his or her potential to contribute to the corporate governance report proper guidance of the group and its businesses.
it may also not do justice to his or her contribution, which can be in many different forms, including management's access to him or her for guidance or exchange of views outside the formal environment of board meetings.
provision 1.6 of the 2018 code: management to provide directors with complete, adequate and timely information prior to meetings.
to ensure that the group's operations are not disrupted, management provides directors with complete, adequate and timely information prior to meetings and on an on-going basis to enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities.
management recognizes the importance of circulating information on a timely basis to ensure that the board has adequate time to review the materials to facilitate a constructive and effective discussion during the scheduled meetings.
corporate governance report the role of the company secretaries includes, inter alia, responsibility for ensuring that board procedures are followed and that applicable rules and regulations are complied with.
under the direction of the chair of the board and ceo, the company secretaries' responsibilities also include ensuring good information flow within the board and board committees and between management and non-executive directors, advising the board on all governance matters, as well as facilitating orientation and assisting with professional development as required.
board composition and guidance principle 2: the board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.
the independence of each director is reviewed annually by the nc, in accordance with the definition of independence in the catalist rule 406 3 d , provision 2.1 and practice guidance 2 of the 2018 code, and israeli companies law.
the nc is of the view that the board has a good balance of directors who have extensive business, financial, accounting and management experience who as a group provide core competencies necessary to meet the group's objectives.
each member of the nc had abstained from deliberations in respect of the assessment of his or her own independence.
corporate governance report the independent directors have confirmed their independence by providing the company with written declarations in accordance with the israeli companies law and the 2018 code.
external directors must meet certain standards of independence at the time of their appointment and during the two-year period prior to their appointment.
in addition, all non-executive directors also sit on the various board committees and provide constructive input and oversight of the company and its management.
practice guidance 1 of the 2018 code: director competencies.
corporate governance report with a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the company sees diversity at the board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development.
the nc will continue to monitor the implementation of the board diversity policy and report annually, in the corporate governance report, on the board's composition under diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the board diversity policy.
under israeli companies law, at least one of the external directors must have “accounting and financial expertise” and the rest of the external directors must have either “professional competence” or “accounting and financial expertise”.
the board is responsible for determining the minimum number of directors, who should have accounting and financial expertise.
in this regard, the current board composition provides a diversity of gender, core competencies and expertise to the company as follows: balance and diversity of the board members as at the date of this report core competencies: accounting and financial expertise, number of directors: 5, proportion of the board: 40% core competencies: legal or corporate governance/ compliance expertise, number of directors: 5, proportion of the board: 60% core competencies: relevant industry knowledge and sustainability expertise, number of directors: 5, proportion of the board: 40% core competencies: strategic planning and risk management expertise, number of directors: 5, proportion of the board: 40% table end.
the board is mindful that diversity is not specific to gender or certain personal attributes and would strive to ensure the diversity would enhance the long-term success of the group.
the objective of the policy is to avoid group thinking and foster constructive debate and ensure that composition is optimal to support the group's needs in the short and long term.
corporate governance report the board considers that its current directors possess the necessary competencies, knowledge, and diversity to lead and govern the group effectively, and that its current composition is sufficiently diverse.
this forms the basis for the board's position that the board is sufficiently diverse.
the board values ongoing professional development and recognizes that it is important that all directors receive regular training to serve effectively on and contribute to the board.
to ensure directors can fulfill their obligations and to continually improve the performance of the board, all directors are encouraged to undergo continual professional development.
directors are encouraged to consult the chair and chief executive officer if they consider that they personally, or the board as a whole, would benefit from specific education or training on matters that fall within the responsibility of the board or relate to the company's business.
the board has taken the following steps to maintain or enhance its balance and diversity: annual review by the nc to evaluate the size, composition and role of the board and board committees and the methods and processes for evaluating board and board committees' effectiveness in fulfilling their duties and responsibilities.
the independent directors met or communicated amongst themselves without the presence of the management during fy2023.
the chair of such meeting provides feedback to the board and/or its chair as appropriate.
corporate governance report chair and chief executive officer principle 3: there is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the board and management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.
the chair of the board facilitates effective contribution and promotes high standards of corporate governance.
the chair of the board performs a significant leadership role by providing clear oversight and guidance to the management on strategy and the drive to transform the group's businesses.
their roles are separate to ensure a clear division of responsibilities, increased accountability, and greater capacity of the board for independent decision making.
the lead independent director is also responsible for leading the meetings of independent directors and providing feedback to the chair on matters discussed at such meetings.
board membership principle 4: the board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the board.
the nc considers and recommends to the board the appropriate structure, size and needs of the board, with regard to the appropriate skills mix, personal qualities and experience required for the effective performance of the board.
the nc is responsible for identifying individuals qualified for nomination to the board and/or any board committee and reviewing and recommending the appointment or re-appointment of the directors and/or members of the various board committees, having regard for amongst others: i the education, track record, experience and capabilities of the candidate; ii whether the candidate's competencies, skills and personal qualities are aligned with the company's needs and any criteria for selecting new directors established by the board; and iii whether the candidate understands the demands and expectations of a director of the company.
corporate governance report with respect to new directors, the nc would usually consider candidates drawn from the contacts and networks of existing directors and may approach relevant institutions to source for a suitable candidate.
provision 4.4 of the 2018 code: nc to determine director independence annually.
annually, each independent director completes a checklist to confirm their independence.
board performance principle 5: the board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.
performance criteria for the board and board committees 1. board composition and board committees' memberships 2. board conduct of affairs, including procedures and access to information 3. board and board committees processes 4. training and resources 5. remuneration framework 6. board accountability 7. internal controls and risk management systems 8. multiple board representation, board diversity and succession planning fy2023 review process for fy2023, the review process was conducted by the company's singaporean secretary by preparing a performance evaluation questionnaire to be completed by each director and each board committee member.
the nc, having reviewed the overall performance of the board and board committees in terms of their role and responsibilities and the conduct of their affairs as a whole, is of the view that the performance of the board and board committees have been satisfactory and that the board and board committees have met their performance objectives in fy2023.
directors' remuneration: the compensation policy provides guidelines for providing compensation to directors.
the remuneration committee rc has unrestricted access to the company's independent external auditors and is authorized by the board to seek any information required from any employee for the purpose of performing its duties.
corporate governance report practice guidance 7 of the 2018 code: the company's remuneration framework should be tailored to the specific role and circumstances of each director and key management personnel.
corporate governance report provision 7.2 of the 2018 code: remuneration of non-executive directors depends on contribution, effort, time spent, and responsibilities.
provision 7.3 of the 2018 code: remuneration is appropriate to attract, retain, and motivate directors to provide good stewardship of the company.
this director remuneration, as outlined in the remuneration regulations, provides reasonable compensation for time spent fulfilling duties and promoting good corporate governance while avoiding conflicts of interest and unreasonable risks to the company.
“immediate family member” means spouse, child, adopted child, stepchild, brother, sister, and parent.
corporate governance report 3. accountability and audit risk management and internal controls principle 9: the board is responsible for the governance of risks and ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
key documentation, including delegation of authority, control process and operational procedures, are disseminated to the group’s employees.
the company’s israeli company secretary serves as the compliance officer of the company for the day-to-day administration of the company’s i securities dealing policy; ii anti bribery policy; and iii 2018 code of business conduct policy, with the ac being responsible for the compliance, oversight, and maintenance of the said policies.
one of the board’s principal duties is to promote and protect the long-term value and returns to the shareholders and accept that it is accountable to the shareholders and adopts best practices to maintain shareholders’ confidence and trust.
76 corporate governance report the board reviews legislation and regulatory compliance reports from management to ensure the group's compliance with relevant regulatory requirements.
4. discussions were held between management, the ac, and external auditors to review and address potential concerns.
5. an enterprise risk assessment and fraud risk survey were conducted to identify and mitigate significant risks.
the company emphasizes sustainability and implements appropriate policies and programs.
corporate governance report audit committee principle 10: the board has an audit committee ac which discharges its duties objectively.
provision 10.5 of the 2018 code: ac meets with the external auditors and internal auditor without the presence of the management.
the ac met with the external auditors four times during fy2023, without the presence of the management.
these meetings enable the external auditors to raise issues encountered in the course of their work directly to the ac.
the whistle blowing policy sets out the company's commitment to thoroughly investigate concerns that are reported in good faith and to protect employees, contractors or other corporate governance report stakeholders who report wrongdoing will be treated with the strictest confidentiality.
the audit committee ac is responsible for oversight and monitoring of whistleblowing.
the audit committee is responsible for oversight and monitoring of whistleblowing.
the ac comprises members who are appropriately qualified and have relevant accounting or related financial management expertise and experience to discharge the authority and duties delegated by the board to the ac.
the company has established and maintains, on an ongoing basis, an effective internal audit function that is adequately resourced and independent of the activities it audits.
the company's internal audit function was outsourced to mr. doron cohen from fahn kanne control management ltd member of grant thornton israel the “internal auditor” or “ia” , that reports directly to the ac chair and administratively to management.
practice guidance 10 of the 2018 code: ac to ensure internal audit function is adequately resourced and adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function.
the ac is of the view that the ia has adequate resources to perform the functions and maintained its independence from the activities audited.
the ia subscribes to, and is guided by, the standard established by internationally recognized professional bodies including the standards for the professional practice of internal auditing "ippf" set by the institute of internal auditors “iia” and has incorporated these standards into its audit practices.
the focus of the internal audit function is to strengthen the internal control structure and risk management through the conduct of independent and objective reviews.
the ac is satisfied that the ia is adequately qualified given, inter alia, his education ba business administration, major in accounting and certified internal auditor and over 18 years of experience as an internal auditor.
the ia has confirmed that the team members working under him are corporate members of the institute of internal auditors iia and are practicing the recommended standards by the iia.
the ac met with the ia more than one time during fy2023, for audit reports with respect to "purchasing” and “internal review on the sustainability report".
the company encourages shareholder participation at general meetings held in singapore.
proxy forms must be deposited with the company at least 48 hours of training per employee before the meeting.
the board supports the 2018 code’s principle regarding “bundling” of resolutions.
corporate governance report the board is cognizant of the recommendations as set out under provision 11.3 of the 2018 code that all directors are required to attend the general meetings of the company and will endeavor to achieve this in the coming years.
shareholders are given the opportunity to vote at general meetings.
being committed to good corporate practices, the company treats all its shareholders fairly and equitably.
our stakeholders have been identified as those who are impacted by our business and operations and similarly, those who are able to impact our business and operations.
corporate governance report the company does not have a general mandate for recurrent interested person transactions.
during fy2023, the audit committee held three meetings.
the audit committee had full access to and cooperation from management and has full discretion to invite any director or executive officer to its meetings.
external auditors have unrestricted access to the audit committee, which has reasonable resources to ensure its functions are properly discharged.
the audit committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and has recommended to the board that they be re-appointed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company.
on behalf of the directors, nehama ronen, interim chair 13 march 2024 there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority acra code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities acra code together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
as part of an audit in accordance with ssas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
the trendlines group annual report 2023 107 independent auditors' report ey logo building a better working world auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements cont.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we also provide the board of directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is yew kiang chan.
, trendlines agrifood innovation centre ltd.
old directive 8.3: directive 8.3 of the director general of the ministry of economy - technology entrepreneurship centers - pilot incubators, effective regarding the incubators from 1 september 2007 when the incubators started to function as for-profit companies under the control of the trendlines group through 31 december 2010. track benefit no.3: track benefit no.3 of the israel innovation authority in the ministry of economy and industry - technological incubators; replaced the old directive 8.3, effective regarding the incubators from 1 january 2011, onwards.
any entity receiving funding from the iia is subject to the israeli law for encouragement of industrial research and development, 5744–1984 the “r&d law” . the iia provides a variety of support programs within the framework of directives issued by the director-general of the israeli ministry of economy.
the program provides funding and non-financial support to partners, enhancing their programs and expertise in nurturing successful singapore-based startups.
startup sg tech supports proof-of-concept poc grants total of singapore dollar 250 and proof-of-value pov grants total of singapore dollar 500 for the commercialization of innovative technologies.
startup sg tech is a competitive grant.
ernst & young llp singapore , as external independent auditors of the company until the consummation of the company’s next agm and to authorise the directors of the company “directors” to fix their remuneration.
shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email.
