sustainability report about the report in 2022, transport international holdings limited “tih” continued to make progress in its journey to create sustainable values for its stakeholders and the community at large.
tih is committed to building sustainable legacies through safe operations, innovative service, community care and environmental protection.
2040 vision by 2040, tih’s hong kong franchised public bus operations will be upgrading its entire fleet to new energy buses to support hong kong’s climate action plan 2050 to achieve carbon neutrality.
reporting focus the 2022 sustainability report "the report" of tih highlights the environmental and corporate social responsibility performance and sustainability achievements of the kowloon motor bus company 1933 limited “kmb” and long win bus company limited “lwb” , tih's wholly-owned subsidiaries.
we ensure compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements while considering the interests of our stakeholders.
the group has adopted an integrated management approach to guide the sustainable development of tih based on the principles of integrity, equity and transparency.
the board of directors of tih the "board" , as its highest governance body, is responsible for stewarding the long-term development of the group and growing shareholder value.
brand ifapc outstanding listed companies award 2022 from the hong kong institute of financial analysts and professional commentators limited; gold award for traditional annual reports, and gold award for traditional annual reports and cover photo/design, silver for written text in the transportation and leasing category of the 2022 international arc awards from the mercomm, inc; silver award for transportation & logistics category of the 2021 vision awards from the league of american communications professionals llc; smart service award – gold award, individual award contact centre service – gold award, top 5 young stars of the year 2021 and anti-epidemic customer service excellence award – bronze award from the hong kong association for customer service excellence; reader's digest trusted brands 2022 gold award – public transport category from the reader's digest; eco-brand awards 2022 from the east week; and living smart awards 2022 – smart design from ming pao.
all directors and staff of the group are subject to a written code of conduct when discharging their delegated duties.
the code of conduct is available on the staff website for easy access, providing guidance on personal conduct, relations with suppliers and contractors, responsibilities to shareholders and the community, customer relations, and employment practices, as well as procedures for monitoring compliance and enforcement to promote ethical values in business activities.
we strictly adhere to the employment ordinance of hong kong and prohibit hiring child labour a person below the local minimum age for employment or under the age of 16 and any form of forced labour.
besides, we invited the icac to provide training for the board and employees to enhance their awareness of anti-corruption and integrity management.
stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment stakeholder engagement exercises and materiality assessments provide a solid basis for developing our sustainability reports.
they help identify sustainability topics that are most relevant to both our operations and stakeholders.
our stakeholders include passengers, employees, suppliers, contractors, legislative councillors, district councillors, transport advisory bodies, interest groups and the government.
we have established several engagement programmes to gauge their views on our operations and services.
our dialogue with stakeholders is demonstrated through various channels, including the chatbot enquiry channel on the kmb and lwb websites and app1933, the kmb facebook page, the kmb instagram account, the kmb youtube channel and corporate publications such as kmb today, as well as face-to-face meetings and media networking.
tih engaged an external consultant to carry out a series of stakeholder engagement activities to define the scope of the report and to identify material economic, environmental and social topics concerning the principles and requirements of the gri standards, the hkex esg guide, the sdgs and the tcfd.
we invited representatives from various stakeholder groups, including passengers, employees, members of the kmb volunteer team, suppliers, non-governmental organisations e.grams. social organisations and green groups to participate in stakeholder engagement activities involving surveys, focus group meetings and interviews.
the eleventh and twelfth issues, community engagement and energy and efficiency measures, which have been reported in the previous years, are also included for consistency.
the esg task force further reviewed and validated the material topics to ensure a consistent and balanced representation of the group's sustainability performance and impacts.
material topics reporting by stakeholder group table: material topics and reporting boundaries aspects: environmental , material topics: emissions, internal stakeholders: ✓, contractors: ✓, ngos: ✓ material topics: effluents and waste, passengers: ✓, contractors: ✓ material topics: energy and efficiency measures, passengers: ✓, contractors: ✓ material topics: water consumption, contractors: ✓ material topics: environmental compliance, internal stakeholders: ✓, passengers: ✓ material topics: green procurement material topics: material consumption material topics: climate change, ngos: ✓ aspects: social , material topics: customer health and safety, internal stakeholders: ✓, passengers: ✓, contractors: ✓ material topics: customer privacy protection, internal stakeholders: ✓, passengers: ✓ material topics: employment management system, internal stakeholders: ✓, suppliers: ✓, contractors: ✓ material topics: labour management relations, internal stakeholders: ✓, suppliers: ✓, contractors: ✓ material topics: training and education, internal stakeholders: ✓ material topics: occupational health and safety, internal stakeholders: ✓, contractors: ✓ material topics: community engagement, ngos: ✓ material topics: socio-economic compliance, ngos: ✓ material topics: diversity and equal opportunity, internal stakeholders: ✓ material topics: forced and child labour, internal stakeholders: ✓, suppliers: ✓, contractors: ✓, ngos: ✓ material topics: human rights policy training, ngos: ✓ material topics: freedom of association and collective bargaining, internal stakeholders: ✓, ngos: ✓ material topics: accessibility, internal stakeholders: ✓ material topics: non-discrimination, internal stakeholders: ✓ aspects: governance , material topics: anti-corruption, internal stakeholders: ✓, suppliers: ✓ material topics: procurement practices, suppliers: ✓, contractors: ✓ material topics: economic performance table end.
2022 annual report transport international holdings limited materiality matrix note: the topics "environmental compliance" and "forced and child labour" are excluded from the materiality matrix given that they are standard practices in operations.
we appreciate their valuable feedback and strive to address their expectations through continuous improvement.
key areas of interest : safety , stakeholders' comments : to enhance bus safety through innovative technologies such as the greenroad app; strengthen public safety education; and upgrade bus safety facilities such as installing safety belts for all seats.
, our responses and relevant disclosures in the report : safety has been a top priority of our operations.
we make great efforts to implement safety measures and promote safety awareness.
see details in safety first key areas of interest : passengers , stakeholders' comments : to improve accessibility for the elderly and people with disabilities; design bus routes that cover more areas; and further explore the digitalisation of the bus management system.
, our responses and relevant disclosures in the report : bus facilities and compartment designs have been upgraded to provide better accessibility and comfort for passengers.
see details in caring for customers key areas of interest : environment , stakeholders' comments : to recycle waste from the operation; and further explore green energy opportunities and clean energy infrastructure.
, our responses and relevant disclosures in the report : we seek to minimise the impact of our operations on the environment by employing energy-efficient buses and exploring green energy and zero-emission bus technologies.
, our responses and relevant disclosures in the report : we play an active role in various community activities and make good use of different platforms and occasions to communicate with the public.
supply chain management we believe an integrated upstream supply chain management is key to quality and logistics control.
we work closely with our business partners to develop new buses and services that are adapted to the local climate and operational environment, with energy efficiency and the latest emission standards being our top priorities.
we encourage fair and open competition with the aim of developing long-term relationships with suppliers based on mutual trust.
our supply chain policies and procedures are in place to ensure ethical procurement of supplies and services, which allow us to deliver high-quality end products that our customers can trust.
in 2022, kmb and lwb worked with 408 local and 34 non-local suppliers, of which 92 suppliers were newly added.
the proportion of spending on local suppliers was 88.00%. our green and sustainable procurement policy spells out the environmental and social risk considerations that should be taken into account in every purchasing decision.
procurement and tendering procedures our criteria for procurement and tendering of services and goods are based on price, quality, requirements, green and sustainable procurement and other relevant factors.
performance highlights safety more than 86.50% of bus captains received excellent results in the greenroad outstanding award on safety and eco-driving performance.
. environment diesel oil consumption intensity ↓6.17% . customer the ai chatbot channel bot 1933 provided a 24-hour service.
. employee 17.60% of the total workforce consists of non-chinese origin, people with disabilities and retirees.
. community over 20,000 voluntary hours of training per employee.
safety first safety is in everything we do.
we strive to raise our safety standards and performance and continue to invest heavily in improving the safety of our bus operations.
good health and well-being safety policy the kmb and lwb safety policy ensures that injury and health risks are minimized to provide a safe and healthy environment for our employees and the public.
all our employees are required to comply with all legal requirements applicable to our operations, and we regularly consult employees to identify opportunities for improvement in our safety management system.
safety committees safety committees oversee internal communication on occupational safety and health information, including risks, trends, and policies.
all safety committees meet regularly to discuss safety issues at different levels across the company.
safety management we are dedicated to advancing occupational health and safety.
we fully comply with the occupational safety and health ordinance and the factories and industrial undertakings ordinance chapters 509 and 59, laws of hong kong . kmb adopts iso45001:2018 occupational health and safety management system to promote continuous improvement of safety performance in all aspects of our business, including bus maintenance and design upgrades.
operational excellence the key benchmarks of our operational performance are mechanical reliability¹ and operational capability².
safety statistics table: staff and workers covered by ohsms as of 31 december 2022 covered by ohsms: covered by ohsms, number of employees: 12,122, percentage: 100%, number of workers: 11,701, percentage: 96.50% covered by ohsms: covered by ohsms and internally audited, number of employees: 12,122, percentage: 100%, number of workers: -, percentage: - covered by ohsms: covered by ohsms and externally audited, number of employees: -, percentage: -, number of workers: 314, percentage: 93.50% table end.
² operational capability refers to the ratio of actual to scheduled departures in the peak direction during the peak hours of training per employee of 7:00 a.meter. to 9:00 a.meter. across the bus network.
we ensure that both the working environment and staff performance comply with legal requirements, in-house safety rules, and industry best practices during safety inspections and safety audits.
our plan-do-check-act management approach also helps drive continuous improvement in safety performance.
bus safety facilities and maintenance a number of technological devices, including speed-limiting devices and telematics systems, have been installed on buses to improve safety and record operational data.
all kmb and lwb buses undergo an iso-certified maintenance regime, comprising daily and monthly servicing, a semi-annual minor dock and an annual road-worthiness inspection, as well as spot checks from the transport department of the hong kong sar government.
latest bus safety measures: greenroad system kmb and lwb are the first franchised bus companies to introduce the greenroad system in hong kong.
the system monitors over 150 driving dynamics and gives real-time feedback and rating to bus captains and drivers to help them remain vigilant on the road.
engine idling time is recorded, and bus captains and drivers are reminded to switch off the engines, thereby promoting a culture of environmental consciousness and health.
through analysing the data collected by the system, the company is able to identify the common types and locations of undesirable driving behaviours of bus captains and drivers, and customise training materials, such as tips on paying attention to routes, teaching videos, and driving improvement courses, to help bus captains and drivers improve their driving skills and performance.
the system also gives instant feedback to bus captains and drivers through an online portal and app to enhance their driving performance.
the average accident rate of the fleet has decreased by about 19.85%, and more than 86.50% of bus captains have achieved a satisfactory safety level since the implementation of greenroad.
apart from giving a monthly award to more than 70.00% of bus captains, a total of 100 bus captains were granted the grand annual greenroad outstanding awards as a commendation for their outstanding driving performance.
electronic stability programme “esp” . the esp is an important safety feature to prevent a bus from skidding or overturning when cornering or operating on a slippery road surface.
the current speed limiters cut off fuel supply to the engine when the speed limit is reached.
safety belts . kmb and lwb have requested bus manufacturers to install 3-point safety belts on all seats as a standard for new buses.
kmb academy kmb established the kmb academy "the academy" in january 2022, aiming to nurture talents for the bus industry.
the academy provides professional and comprehensive training programmes for franchised bus maintenance personnel and all new bus captains through the "certificate in bus maintenance" and "certificate in public bus franchised driving" courses, which are respectively recognised at level two and level three under the qualifications framework “hkqf" in hong kong by the hong kong council for accreditation of academic and vocational qualifications.
this title was obtained following the merger between the kmb bus captain training school and kmb technical training school.
the academy continues to foster the professional culture in the bus captain training school and technical training school and adopts "mission safety act with self-discipline” as its motto, emphasising the pivotal role of safety and discipline in the industry.
students will also undergo basic technical training, including engine, drivetrain, chassis, electrical appliances, and air-conditioning, with on-the-job training available in kmb and lwb depots.
other than hkqf level two accreditation, graduates will also receive professional bus maintenance certificates recognised by two european bus manufacturer giants, alexander dennis ltd and volvo buses, making them semi-skilled workers with a clear promotion ladder through further training.
as for the "certificate in public bus franchised driving", training is planned around building safety consciousness, bus maneuvering skills and bus route/bus type knowledge.
in addition to driving, students will also be trained in customer service and emotional management to further enhance their service standards.
a caption describing the image and the people present would go here.
notes: the image includes a photograph of the kmb academy establishment ceremony, featuring lam sai hung, secretary for transport and logistics, and dr. norman leung nai pang, tih chairman.
the academy's training and activities the academy offers training courses for in-service bus captains and maintenance staff, including route training, remedial training, bus type training, refresher training, and the latest technology in the bus maintenance industry to improve their driving/maintenance skills and reinforce their safety awareness.
beyond this, the academy provides short-term courses and workshops for tertiary institutions, covering various topics to broaden students' understanding of the bus industry, business operations, and public institutions.
for primary and secondary schools, the academy offers on-campus stem education courses and activities that use interdisciplinary knowledge and cultivate innovative thinking through hands-on and minds-on activities.
public safety awareness programme passenger safety is paramount to bus operations.
kmb utilizes various channels to raise public awareness, including safety messages broadcast on the bus stop announcement system cantonese, english, and putonghua , safety stickers on buses "hold the handrail," "fasten the seatbelt" , educational messages on the mobile app app1933 and kmb's facebook page, and safety videos shown on bus information panels and at bus stops.
kmb's safety bus initiative kmb transformed a single-deck bus into a "safety bus," themed "stop, look, listen, and give way." this bus uses motion-sensing games and virtual reality activities to teach students about public transport etiquette fastening seatbelts, holding handrails, understanding blind spots . staff from the safety department conduct quiz games and give short talks on road and passenger safety.
in 2022, 180 primary students visited the safety bus.
we strive to become a carbon neutral bus operator by 2040 to set a new industry standard.
environmental policy we recognise the inherent environmental impacts of our bus services and we are committed to mitigating and minimising these impacts in the following ways: preventing pollution and continually improving our environmental performance by establishing and achieving objectives and targets; conserving resources by reducing waste at source, and recycling and reusing resources; minimising and controlling emissions from buses by adopting control measures and providing professional bus repair and maintenance services; reducing our environmental footprint and combating climate change; enhancing staff environmental awareness by providing training in line with our environmental policy and environmental objectives and targets, as well as in relation to the potential environmental impacts arising from our operations; communicating our environmental policy and requirements to our suppliers and making the policy available to the public; responding to environmental enquiries promptly and ensuring effective internal communication on environmental issues; and ensuring compliance with all applicable local environmental legislation and other relevant requirements.
environmental management kmb has been iso14001 certified for its environmental management systems for its two largest depots.
kmb's four major depots and lwb's depot are subject to quarterly surveillance audits to ensure compliance with a set of stringent environmental management standards.
environmental working groups have been set up to handle environmental issues and ensure the implementation of the iso systems.
. with its dedication to promoting green transportation, kmb continues to identify suitable financing solutions 2022 annual report transport international holdings limited 57 adopting tcfd reporting the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” , developed by the financial stability board, aims to define how reporting could take account of climate-related issues and offers recommendations on the type of information companies should disclose to better inform investors and others.
tih adopted the framework recommended by tcfd, discussing in detail the risks of climate change, the potential impact on our business, and the actions we are taking to cope with these risks.
tih is committed to communicating our approach and strategies through the tcfd’s four thematic areas: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
it informs the board of the strategic risks and opportunities presented by climate change, which forms part of the board’s discussion of tih’s short- to long-term plans.
. kmb strives to explore renewable energy technologies and is determined to reduce emissions and save energy, so as to build a better environment.
our visions and targets to align with the national 14th five-year plan and the emission reduction target of the hong kong sar government, the group has outlined a vision of upgrading the whole fleet with new energy buses by 2040. hence, we have set short-term environmental targets for the financial year “fy” 2023. using fy2019 as the baseline, we plan to reduce the carbon intensity and energy intensity, comprising carbon footprint of bus, oil consumption, electricity consumption and water consumption.
meanwhile, the group is undergoing an in-depth esg checking and planning to establish long-term targets to reach our 2040 vision.
our environmental targets target by fy 2023 baseline: fy 2019 carbon footprint of bus: -10% tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per million kilometer . progress by fy2022: -7.31% on track diesel oil: -10% gigajoules per million kilometer . progress by fy2022: -7.51% on track electricity: -20% kilowatt-hours per m² . progress by fy2022: -41.67% on track water: -25% cubic meters per bus . progress by fy2022: -35.21% on track due to the impacts of the covid-19 epidemic in hong kong since 2020, the investments in environmental initiatives for electricity and water reduction, and the rescheduling of electric buses' deployment, the targets of electricity consumption and water consumption have been changed from -10% to -20%, and -5% to -25% respectively.
caption : the waste water treatment systems and water recycling systems effectively reduce water consumption.
caption : kmb has introduced different eco-friendly measures, such as electric buses and wind curtains, to help reduce carbon emissions.
green finance kmb closed two hong kong dollar800 million sustainability-linked loan facilities with mufg bank limited and chong hing bank limited in order to drive hong kong towards zero emissions through green finance.
kmb has set out key sustainability performance targets in relation to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions of buses, and an increment in green procurement and the average training hours of training per employee for employees.
kmb will continue identifying suitable financing solutions and lead hong kong's transportation industry into a new green era.
greenhouse gas emissions reduction kmb and lwb seek to minimise greenhouse gas emissions by judicious application of the latest technologies and interventions.
environmental bus fleet we invest in eco-friendly buses that meet the strict exhaust emission standards of the european council of environmental ministers to create a better environment and minimise climate-related impacts.
the new electric buses are zero-emission buses.
the majority of these buses have been deployed on routes passing through busy corridors to improve the roadside air quality in high-traffic areas.
we have been replacing older bus models with the latest and more energy-efficient bus models to enhance our bus fleet's longevity and environmental performance to achieve zero-emission.
exploring renewable energy and zero-emission bus technologies kmb and lwb strive to explore renewable energy and zero-emission technologies, demonstrating kmb and lwb's determination to introduce green public transport in hong kong.
attaching great importance to pursuing the government policy of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, kmb and lwb has rolled out an electrification roadmap and are planning to install around 30,000 solar panels to put into practice its development blueprint for new energy and electric buses.
in the long run, kmb hopes that new-energy buses will be deployed in the entire fleet by 2040 to help make hong kong a green city.
currently, kmb and lwb have 30 single-deck electric buses.
together with the 52 double-deck electric buses to be delivered by 2023, the two companies are expected to have over 80 electric buses by 2023. kmb collaborates with business partners in launching the decarbonisation partnership programme to promote green transportation and move towards carbon neutrality kmb sustainability initiatives third-generation solar panels kmb has introduced third-generation solar panels on double-decker buses.
this system reduces the compartment air temperature by 8-10°c compared to buses without the system, powering the air-conditioning fans and reducing fuel consumption.
each bus saves 5-8% of fuel daily, equivalent to a reduction of about six total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon emissions per bus annually.
approximately 30,000 solar panels will be installed on buses, at depots, and bus stops, generating up to 13 million kilowatt-hours of training per employee kilowatt-hours of electricity annually—equivalent to the annual electricity consumption of 4,176 households in hong kong.
this reduces approximately 12,587 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide emissions.
kmb and lwb aim to lead the public transport industry towards carbon neutrality.
wind curtains kmb successfully designed wind curtains to reduce energy waste from cooled air loss in buses.
patented by the intellectual property department, the system, installed at the rear exit, activates when the exit door opens, creating an airflow to separate interior and exterior air.
tests at 32°c show a 4°c lower temperature inside the bus compartment with wind curtains.
kmb plans to install this system on 600 buses, exploring thermoelectric system power generation from engine waste heat for further energy savings.
this initiative reduces carbon emissions by 5,600 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste annually.
decarbonisation partnership programme kmb collaborated with business partners on the decarbonisation partnership programme to retrofit solar panels on its bus fleet.
kmb is dedicated to working with corporate partners to achieve carbon neutrality in hong kong.
co₂ concentration checks annually, 80 kmb buses and 15 lwb buses from passenger-intensive routes undergo data logger measurements of indoor co₂ concentration, generally demonstrating compliance with requirements.
emissions reduction kmb and lwb utilize the latest technologies to reduce roadside emissions and maintain good air quality in bus compartments.
measures include using near-zero sulfur diesel, renewing bus models, and upgrading older buses with exhaust treatment devices diesel oxidation catalysts, diesel particulate filters, and selective catalytic reduction units . kmb and lwb regularly upgrade the environmental performance of their bus fleets and patrol cars, having introduced electric patrol cars and electricity-recharging facilities at main depots.
energy saving kmb and lwb employ practicable measures to reduce resource consumption and streamline waste disposal procedures.
fuel reduction measures several measures reduce fuel consumption across kmb and lwb bus fleets: aircraft-style "posilock" fuel filling system ambient sensors on air-conditioned buses to reduce unnecessary cooling synthetic gearbox oil extends oil drain intervals, reducing waste oil by 80% mileage-based oil change scheme reduces engine oil consumption and waste oil by 40% sustainability report electricity we continue to explore environment-friendly initiatives and invest in the latest technologies to minimise energy use and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
besides our one-off led light replacement and continuous housekeeping measures, we have dynamically adjusted our electricity consumption pattern in accordance with the latest operation scales, including the adjustment of illumination time of parking depots and the optimisation of equipment used to support our facilities' operation duration.
we cooperate with a power company to install solar photovoltaic systems consisting of more than 8,500 solar power panels at depots, bus termini and bus shelters to extend the application of renewable energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
we run our air-conditioning systems at 25.5°c to align with the government's action blue sky campaign and save energy.
operating hours of training per employee have also been rearranged to reduce energy waste during non-office hours of training per employee.
high-efficiency air conditioning units are installed in all newly renovated offices.
we have also set up recycling arrangements for used toners, plastic materials and used papers and have regularly promoted good housekeeping practices for energy saving to all staff members.
waste reduction kmb and lwb are committed to good waste management through responsible storage and disposal of waste, recycling and reusing resources whenever feasible.
significant types of waste generated in our operations are reported as follows: waste water as responsible corporate citizens, kmb and lwb are committed to reducing water consumption and properly treating effluents before discharge.
our depots are equipped with ten automatic waste water treatment systems handling 400 cubic metres per day.
the water used for bus washing was collected and recycled, reducing total water consumption at depots by around 4%.
newly set up rainwater collection and water recycling systems have been introduced in some of our satellite depots.
we would continue to install more rainwater collection and water recycling systems in some other bus depots in the coming years so as to increase water consumption saving.
tyres and metals used kmb and lwb tyres were retreaded by kmb's appointed contractors, and waste metals were sent to recycling companies.
oil and chemicals solid chemical waste is processed and stored by type in designated areas at bus depots before disposal by a registered chemical waste collector at the government's chemical waste treatment centre, while waste oil is recycled or disposed of in accordance with the statutory standards.
in the reporting period, kmb and lwb have improved the engine oil replacement cycle by changing new engine oil with extended oil drain intervals to reduce solid chemical waste.
batteries are disposed of by a licensed contractor complying with the instructions of the environmental protection department "epd” , with some of them exported to overseas facilities approved by the epd under the basel convention.
our environmental targets table: environmental targets by fy 2023 target: solid chemical waste kilograms per million kilometer , target value baseline: fy 2019 : -8%, progress by fy2022: -7.39%, status: on track target: metal kilograms per million kilometer , target value baseline: fy 2019 : -4%, progress by fy2022: -2.36%, status: on track table end.
embracing green transportation transformation with ebus in support of reducing carbon emissions, kmb has been devoting resources to testing out new energy buses.
through unremitting efforts, kmb has taken a major step forward in the transition to green transportation by deploying 16 new-generation electric buses in april 2022, followed by receiving the first 12-metre electric double-decker in december 2022. the new-generation single-deck e-bus is equipped with the battery management system "bms" and the water cooling system, which help monitor the efficiency and condition of the battery and control its temperature, effectively extending the battery life cycle and improving its performance.
furthermore, it only takes one hour and forty minutes to get fully charged, which is two hours of training per employee faster than the older model, and has a driving range of 200 kilometers.
"kmb targets to upgrade the entire bus fleet to zero-emission buses by 2040, and therefore we have formulated a blueprint on bus electrification.
we work to identify and understand customer needs and expectations to ensure our bus services are safe, smart, efficient, comfortable and good value-for-money.
innovation and convenience we believe that innovation and technology are the key to benefitting the industry and communities by facilitating a convenient, diversified and sustainable travel environment.
the built-in location-based function, with which users can check real-time traffic conditions, weather information, flight schedules and ferry information under the new "kmb info" feature, enables a seamless and efficient travel experience across different transportation modes.
passengers can make enquiries and comments on the artificial intelligence chatbot channel, bot1933, at any time of the day or night.
further engaging with passengers with an exclusive loyalty programme, the membership scheme club1933 allows passengers to enjoy bus rides while earning points for gifts.
a screenshot of the app1933 interface showing features like purchasing monthly passes, extending passes, and making enquiries.
bluetooth beacon signal estimated travelling time real-time traffic conditions & weather information estimated bus arrival time chatbot sustainability report new bus services we have implemented a number of enhancements to our bus service over the past few years to deliver a more pleasant and comfortable journey for our passengers.
kmb has enhanced its services in tseung kwan o with an all-new peak hour special route 93p that has come into operation since august 2022, offering residents along po lam road a direct ride to kowloon bay commercial area, jordan and mong kok.
facility upgrades in 2022, kmb successfully designed wind curtains for buses to prevent loss of cooled air and started to retrofit its fleet with lower-powered led strips, enhancing passenger experience with improved thermal comfort.
passengers can enjoy 5g wi-fi service for free with unlimited sessions, elevating their travelling experience with an ultra-fast, stable and smooth 5g network.
green initiatives bus retrofit: as of the end of 2022, kmb retrofitted around 600 buses with horizontal ventilation windows to improve natural ventilation and passenger comfort.
solar-powered bus shelters: the solar-powered bus shelter campaign promotes green energy by installing solar panels for lighting.
bus information panel system: the bus information panel system, installed on 4,065 buses, provides real-time bus stop information via display screens and alighting reminders accessible via app1933 . improved air quality: 1,260 bus stops have display panels showing estimated arrival times.
electrostatic air filters were installed on kmb and lwb buses to improve air quality.
energy-efficient air conditioning: 3,790 kmb and 257 lwb buses were equipped with power-saving variable capacity air-conditioning compressors for improved fuel efficiency and adaptability to various weather conditions.
affordability and fare concession schemes regional short-haul two-way section fare schemes: these schemes, implemented in tuen mun, yuen long, tin shui wai, and tseung kwan o, and expanded to the north district in 2022, offer bus services at a fare range of hong kong dollar3.8-5.0.
kmb fare saver scheme: this scheme provides fare discounts up to hong kong dollar4.0 at educational institutions, shopping malls, and residential areas.
citibank cardholders enjoyed a 15% bus fare rebate year-round through a fare rebate scheme.
earned points are redeemable for kmb masks and special gifts.
kmb monthly pass promotions: the kmb monthly pass scheme launched several privileges, including a “buy-2-get-1-free” promotion exclusively for students.
enquiries can be handled by assigned operators via the kmb monthly pass exclusive hotline 3947 7888 . free travel on lwb routes is offered.
authorized personnel will access recordings from cctv cameras solely for security and incident investigation purposes.
in light of the limitation, kmb introduced 23 bus-bus interchanges "bbis" in 2022 to enhance bus network efficiency and reduce traffic congestion and roadside pollution.
bbis allow passengers from different communities to transfer from short-haul buses to interregional buses to other districts with interchange concessions offered, greatly reducing the overlap of routes on main roads and traffic flow in busy districts.
passengers are encouraged to utilise our extensive bus network with more valuable and convenient options for a more flexible travel plan.
in addition, kmb's mobile app, app1933, can serve as a trip planner.
now with the bbi schemes, i am offered more commuting options with different route combinations, so i can make suitable adjustments to reduce travel time and reach more districts with fare discounts." ms. ho, passenger 2022 annual report transport international holdings limited caring for employees we are committed to building a community where our employees can thrive, be respected and feel empowered.
we maintain our focus on advancing employee welfare and the working environment to promote a healthy and positive work culture across tih.
human resources policy we take care of our employees by maintaining a safe, respectful and harmonious work environment.
we adopt a set of comprehensive human resources policies promoting gender equality, offering protection against sexual harassment, occupational health and safety, preventing bribery, and protecting personal privacy.
we observe hong kong’s labour and anti-discrimination laws and ensure that all our suppliers respect labour rights with regard to employment and respect employees’ rights to join trade unions.
as an equal opportunity employer, we are committed to ensuring that no job applicant or employee is discriminated against on the grounds of race, gender, marital status, family status, pregnancy or disability.
we remind our employees to comply with our human resources policies at all times.
severe disciplinary action, including summary dismissal, will be instigated in case of any violation.
an employee discount shop, store 1933, has been set up in major depots to facilitate the purchase of daily necessities by staff members.
notes: the image includes icons representing un sustainable development goals: quality education sdg 4 , gender equality sdg 5 , decent work and economic growth sdg 8 , and reduced inequalities sdg 10 . staff benefits and wellbeing to attract and retain talents, competitive benefits packages are offered, including annual leave, medical benefits, hospitalisation insurance, accident insurance and free bus travel for staff and dependents.
in the reporting period, kmb and lwb strengthened the benefits packages for full-time employees by increasing the annual leave entitlement of frontline and clerical staff.
we are committed to fostering a caring culture which covers both our staff members and their families.
since 2015, we have been providing a scholarship programme to support the tertiary education of the children of staff with satisfactory academic performance.
as of 31 december 2022, there were more than 400 children of kmb and lwb staff members who had received a scholarship.
we further launched an 8-week summer internship programme for our staff's children in 2022, allowing students to understand their strengths and potentials and develop a better future career plan.
festive joy was brought to our staff across different festivals.
we distributed to our staff chinese new year gifts and supermarket vouchers as christmas presents.
during the year, several initiatives were implemented which received overwhelming feedback from our staff.
a series of "appreciation month" events was held to develop a work culture of unity, mutual appreciation and support.
these included distributing beverages to frontline staff and shooting a "thank you video" featuring the management team and other co-workers from the frontline and back office.
the purpose of the video was to thank all of our colleagues for their contributions and support to the company, and bring positive energy to everyone in kmb and lwb.
in 2022, kmb and lwb launched a series of health-related activities, such as health talks, free health book distribution, healthy meal menu available in staff canteens, to promote a healthy lifestyle.
in october, "health awareness month" was organised to actively promote physical and mental wellbeing through activities such as a zentangle workshop, vaccination subsidy scheme and fruit distribution day on which members of the management team joined in to keep up the morale of the frontline personnel.
kmb and lwb continued to renovate and upgrade their working environments, especially for frontline staff, with improved rest facilities for staff to enjoy during rest breaks.
in club1933, a staff leisure area at kowloon bay depot and lai chi kok depot, a pool table, an air hockey table and a table football are available for the enjoyment of all staff members.
to promote work-life balance, kmb and lwb staff members are encouraged to participate in sports and leisure activities as well as voluntary work.
as of the end of 2022, ten interest clubs were available for staff interested in singing, hiking, photography, basketball, table tennis, badminton, football, running, chess and dragon boat racing.
various activities, training, and competitions were organised to promote a healthy work-life balance and boost team spirit.
in the most uncertain times like the one we faced during the covid-19 pandemic, supporting employees' mental health is as important as other initiatives.
kmb and lwb have engaged the christian family service centre to provide a counselling hotline service for staff members, including bus captains who need psychological assistance.
the hotline service is available to staff and their family members 24 hours of training per employee a day, 7 days a week.
occupational safety and health kmb and lwb staff members are encouraged to make suggestions on possible improvements to health and safety measures.
in 2022, we placed ten automated external defibrillators "aed" at the customer service centres located in major bus termini and depots for the use of the public and staff members to help save lives in an emergency.
training sessions on how to use the aed and cardiopulmonary resuscitation were also provided for the relevant members of staff.
tih retiree association the tih retiree association was formed to maintain close contact with retired colleagues through various activities.
owing to the outbreak of covid-19 epidemic, regular activities such as afternoon tea gatherings and festive gift distribution were suspended.
we have thus utilised the facebook page and set up a kmb retiree website to share activity photos, so as to enhance our communication channel with the retirees and promote mutual support.
staff development and training the kmb academy was established in early 2022, by merging the kmb bus captain training school and the kmb technical training school, to demonstrate our determination to strive for continuous service improvements and staff training, as well as to ensure that a stable team is in place to provide maintenance service for the kmb, lwb and the transportation industry.
"mission safety act with self-discipline" is adopted as the motto of the kmb academy, emphasising the pivotal role of safety and discipline in the industry.
the kmb academy is the first institution in hong kong accredited by the qualifications framework to provide professional training programmes for franchised bus maintenance personnel and bus captains.
the "certificate in bus maintenance" and "certificate in public bus franchised driving" offered by the kmb academy were approved by the hong kong council for accreditation and academic and vocational qualifications “hkcaavq” . they were respectively recognised as equivalent to level two and level three under the qualifications framework in hong kong.
that means the content, quality, and teaching mode of each course taught by the academy have achieved international recognitions under the quality assurance of the hkcaavq.
the quality of our apprentice training was once again recognised in 2022 when three kmb apprentices were awarded the second runner-up, third runner-up and excellence awards in the vocational training council's best apprentice in the automobile trade competition.
in addition, the kmb academy provides on-the-job training for current maintenance staff and bus captains, through which they can learn the latest technology in the bus maintenance industry and refresh their driving and customer service skills.
continuous learning our diversified learning channels provide self-learning opportunities, including internal classroom training and e-learning programmes.
job rotation and secondment opportunities are also available so that our employees may broaden their understanding of the industry.
we regularly organise customised training and learning activities for all staff levels to keep them abreast of the latest industry trends, knowledge and work skills.
for instance, we arranged a training course for the customer engagement team to enhance their knowledge and skills on taking care of passengers in a traffic incident.
. members of kmb and lwb senior management have visited depots to give support and appreciation to our colleagues . image showing kmb buses and staff recognition for service excellence in 2022, 274 star bus captains were recognized for their outstanding performance in safe driving and customer care.
a total of 28 employees received the 35-year award and a gold medal.
121 and 168 employees received the 30-year and 20-year awards, respectively, together with a plaque and a pin.
the top ten gold awardees were presented with a hong kong dollar10,000 cash prize and a certificate of appreciation.
including the retirement awards, over 390 employees were awarded in appreciation of their loyal and outstanding service.
staff communication to strengthen bilateral communication and employee wellbeing, the joint consultative committees, comprising management and staff representatives representing around 90% of the total workforce, held meetings regularly.
these meetings reviewed issues including safety, operations, work environment, and staff welfare.
staff members were kept informed through the staff website, which included: kmb and lwb announcements safe driving tips snapshots of kmb and lwb activities notices of forthcoming events staff could also check duty roster information and make annual leave arrangements through the internal application ops1933 , the internal portal, and the e-learning training platform.
kmb and lwb established various awards, such as the "long service award" and "the greenroad outstanding award," to thank and commend outstanding employees.
media and online platforms were used to share information with staff regarding covid-19, infection control measures, and various programs including online health talks, interest classes, and financial seminars held on kmb staff facebook, teams, and zoom.
senior management visits during the year, kmb and lwb senior management members visited bus termini, depots, and offices to support colleagues and listen to their opinions.
these visits provided an excellent opportunity for staff to share their views on operational matters and workplace-related issues with the management team.
during the lunar new year, members of kmb and lwb senior management visited various bus termini to send festive blessings to colleagues.
committed to diversity, equity and inclusivity in employment practices celebrate diversity in the workplace echoing kmb's commitment to enhancing an inclusive society, we aim to create an inclusive workplace that celebrates diversity and its role in the organisational fabric while actively promoting equal opportunities.
we welcome hong kong residents from different ethnicities to join and serve in various positions, as we offer job opportunities regardless of individuals' background and races but depending on talents and education levels.
internally, kmb takes the responsibility to create a safe and positive work environment for ethnic minority employees.
one clear example is the "buddy programme" – assigning a local senior bus captain to greet and orientate non-chinese bus captains.
the programme allows senior bus captains to pass on experience and timely detect difficulties that junior non-chinese bus captains are facing.
in addition, kmb implements flexible work arrangements that are suitable for people of different backgrounds and abilities.
for example, shift working schedules are available for non-chinese staff, making it easy for them to take part in religious rituals.
externally, in order to further engage members of ethnic minorities, kmb proactively solicits support from the ethnic minority communities.
we have rolled out an ethnic minority ambassador scheme, under which kmb hires ambassadors for ethnic minorities to reach out to non-chinese communities and introduce our services.
we also held an open day and employment seminar with on-site interview opportunities at kowloon mosque to introduce kmb services to non-chinese people in august 2022. "kmb has offered me a warm working environment as well as a stable job.
my colleagues, especially my "buddy", captain tsui, has helped me a lot.
my first week onboard was hard that i almost gave up because the attitude of some passengers upset me so much.
captain tsui was sent to assist me and taught me how to deal with the situation in the face of negativity.
the buddy programme has helped me steadily integrate into the new environment." ehsan nawaz, kmb bus captain stakeholder engagement we support various initiatives to advance the well-being of the community and engage with our stakeholders through effective communication channels.
76 transport international holdings limited 2022 annual report engaging the public with a close relation with the community, we actively engage the public to connect and solicit feedback.
this helps us build a strong community to create shared values for all.
events in 2022, a number of events were organised to interact with the public we serve: kmb and lwb held a total of 12 passenger liaison group meetings at bus termini across their operating areas to collect customer views on a variety of issues, including interchange schemes, environment-friendly buses, passenger facilities and network connectivity.
in july, kmb joined the hong kong book fair in hong kong convention and exhibition centre.
kmb organised four free ride days with business partners and sponsors in july, november and december.
media and social media platforms in 2022, we invited the media to our events to strengthen public communication and increase the use of social media platforms such as facebook and instagram to publicise kmb and lwb-related information.
these activities proved popular, as the number of followers of our facebook page reached over 187,000 at the end of december.
likewise, the kmb instagram account reached more than 625,000 netizens in 2022. as we firmly believe that social media platforms constitute a major communication means between the public and the group, we will continue to make good use of online communication platforms to strengthen our ties with the public.
throughout the year, kmb facebook promoted different events with images, gifs and videos, especially for bus safety and etiquette via online social media platform.
once set, the application will send push notifications to remind the user when to board and alight the bus.
kmb ran pop-up stores at different shopping malls and organised free ride days to interact with the public.
websites after a major revamp, the kmb website www.kmb.hk has presented a whole new look and feel to users.
depot visits to increase our stakeholders' understanding of the daily operations at our bus depots, we received visitors from 13 organisations in the reporting period.
among them were social service organisations, professional associations, government departments and higher education institutes.
we also engaged with schools and non-government organisations through a depot visit programme to promote good manners and safety awareness on the bus, especially for students and families.
at kmb and lwb, we treat substantive feedback as a reference for continuous service improvement and future service development.
chatbot for enquiries kmb and lwb provide an artificial intelligence chatbot channel, bot1933, on their websites and app1933 for passengers to get instant year-round responses to enquiries and provide feedback on bus services.
since it was launched, the chatbot channel has continually been enhanced to handle passenger enquiries and has received positive feedback.
shortcut keys to get through to a live operator are available for prompt reporting of illegal parking that affects bus services and for providing assistance in finding lost elderly people.
membership of associations and advocacy during the reporting period, we further strengthened our connection with stakeholders via participation in the following organisations: business environment council employers' federation of hong kong federation of hong kong industries hong kong association for customer service excellence the chartered institute of logistics and transport in hong kong the hong kong general chamber of commerce kmb is dedicated to caring for the community.
"the donation of used and retired bus programme" and "the donation of caring bus stop pole programme" are well received by schools and homes for the elderly.
serving the community we continuously take steps to understand the needs of our community and actively support various initiatives in society.
we leverage the group's business strengths and resources to optimise positive social impacts, mainly through engagement with the elderly and nurturing youth development.
kmb launched the donation of used and retired bus programme in 2016 to donate used and retired buses to schools and non-profit organisations.
the buses can be regenerated explicitly to meet the creative learning needs of schools or non-profit organisations.
for the donation of caring bus stop pole programme, we donated tailor-made bus stop poles to elderly homes to help prevent seniors with dementia from wandering and going missing as well as assisting them in receiving treatment.
retired bus donation cannan kindergarten & nursery and shatin public school.
bus stop pole donation caritas fung wong fung ting home; elderly chinese home in australia; business-school partnership in collaboration with hong chi association, kmb takes students with special educational needs "sen" out of the classroom to showcase their talents by providing a multi-platform and placements for them.
for example, the café1933, a staff coffee shop, offers retail placements for students as well as food and beverages.
under the partnership, kmb has also recruited sen graduates as bus cleaning workers, office assistants, customer service assistants, and gardening assistants.
. nurturing talents kmb is committed to cultivating young people and nurturing talents for the transportation industry in hong kong.
the following activities were organised throughout the year: kmb and hong kong metropolitan university "hkmu" signed a memorandum of understanding in may 2022 to launch an internship programme and short-term career-oriented courses and workshops for hkmu students in order to help students equip themselves for future development; and kmb organised a career-oriented course for secondary school students.
the course includes stem workshops and work experience sharing sessions, allowing students to explore their innovative and technological potentials as well as getting to know kmb's departmental structure, with a view to broadening students' horizons and inspiring them to plan for future studies and career paths.
kmb has introduced stem education programmes to help students apply interdisciplinary knowledge and cultivate innovative thinking.
community participation kmb and lwb offer free rides on all bus routes for people with disabilities, together with one accompanying caregiver, to support the international day of persons with disabilities every year.
kmb and lwb support the annual senior citizens day by offering free rides to people aged 65 and over.
the kmb open day was held for the first time at kowloon mosque in collaboration with the incorporated trustees of the islamic community fund of hong kong to promote social inclusion.
kmb has organized a bus drawing competition to connect with the newly developed area, queen's hill, bringing art and culture into the community as the winning entries are painted on buses that serve north district.
kmb has long supported the community chest activities.
in 2022, a group of kmb staff and its volunteer club participated in the community chest new territories walk for millions.
friends of kmb kmb's volunteer club friends of kmb "frn" has been promoting environmental protection, civic education and social service activities since it was formed in 1995. in the reporting period, frn comprised 2,220 members, including passengers, kmb and lwb staff and their dependents.
during the reporting period, frn volunteers distributed anti-epidemic supplies to people living in cage houses and subdivided units, and families affected by covid-19.
frn participated in regular home visits and made care calls to the elderly who suffered from depression.
the program was organized by the suicide prevention service, with whom frn has built a partnership since 2013. frn also assisted food for good community kitchen in packing hot meals and worked with the people service centre's "food friend action" in collecting food from markets and bakery shops for the elderly and underprivileged families every week.
in december 2022, kmb held an appreciation ceremony to commend frn volunteers who served 50, 100, 200 and 500 hours of training per employee or more.
on-board system helps to find dementia wanderers kmb provides a wide variety of social services and support for the elderly, especially those with dementia.
considering that it is common for a person living with dementia to wander or become lost or confused about their whereabouts, kmb has further developed the on-board system to identify missing elderly by their octopus card number.
with kmb's huge fleet and wide service coverage in the city, there is a greater chance for missing people with dementia carrying reported octopus card to be found.
the on-board system will alert bus captains as well as the back office and operations staff immediately when a missing person has boarded a bus and tapped the reported octopus card.
this can ensure an expedited process of locating the missing person and contacting the family concerned.
effort is also made externally to promote the importance for families with an elderly member suffering from dementia to make a note of their octopus card number, as this can be helpful when an elderly person goes missing.
kmb has been reaching out to different residential care homes for the elderly with reminders and other helpful messages, hoping to increase the chance of finding missing seniors in a timely manner.
internally, kmb has integrated information of the scheme into its bus captain training programme and spread the message via intranet.
when a dementia wanderer who carries a free tracking device passes by the "angel box", the box will share its location data with the caregivers and assist them in bringing their lost family member home as early as possible.
furthermore, kmb is constantly donating tailor-made bus stop poles to elderly homes to help prevent elderly people with dementia from missing and assist them in receiving treatment.
sustainability report: performance statistics environmental emissions item: greenhouse gas emissions of bus scope i , unit: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy 2022: 458,518, fy 2021: 516,326, year-on-year change: -11.20% item: greenhouse gas emissions of bus scope i intensity, unit: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per million kilometer, fy 2022: 1,649, fy 2021: 1,756, year-on-year change: -6.09% item: greenhouse gas emissions of electricity scope ii ¹, unit: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy 2022: 6,518, fy 2021: 6,920, year-on-year change: -5.81% item: greenhouse gas emissions of electricity scope ii intensity¹, unit: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per m², fy 2022: 0.015, fy 2021: 0.017, year-on-year change: -11.76% item: nitrogen oxides nox ², unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, fy 2022: 1,588, fy 2021: 1,675, year-on-year change: -5.19% item: sulphur oxides sox ², unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, fy 2022: 2.81, fy 2021: 3.16, year-on-year change: -11.08% item: particulate matter pm ², unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, fy 2022: 114, fy 2021: 121, year-on-year change: -5.79% table end.
waste hazardous waste item: solid chemical waste recycled , unit: kilograms kilograms , fy 2022: 1,285,460, fy 2021: 1,411,945, year-on-year change: -8.96% item: solid chemical waste intensity, fy 2022: 4,623, fy 2021: 4,803, year-on-year change: -3.75% item: tyres recycled , unit: kilograms kilograms , fy 2022: 974,760, fy 2021: 989,520, year-on-year change: -1.49% item: fluorescent tubes, unit: kilograms kilograms , fy 2022: 0, fy 2021: 400, year-on-year change: -100% item: waste oil recycled , unit: kilograms kilograms , fy 2022: 456,600, fy 2021: 535,080, year-on-year change: -14.67% item: battery recycled , unit: kilograms kilograms , fy 2022: 164,200, fy 2021: 230,400, year-on-year change: -28.73% table end.
non-hazardous waste item: metal recycled , unit: kilograms kilograms , fy 2022: 679,852, fy 2021: 811,556, year-on-year change: -16.23% item: metal intensity, unit: kilograms kilograms , fy 2022: 2,445, fy 2021: 2,472, year-on-year change: -1.09% item: waste directed to disposal paper waste , unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste, fy 2022: 33.60, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. use of resources item: diesel oil consumption, unit: gigajoules gigajoules , fy 2022: 6,716,564, fy 2021: 7,549,120, year-on-year change: -11.03% item: diesel oil consumption intensity, unit: gigajoules per million kilometer, fy 2022: 24,154, fy 2021: 25,677, year-on-year change: -5.93% item: water consumption³, unit: cubic meters, fy 2022: 197,855, fy 2021: 241,882, year-on-year change: -18.20% item: water consumption intensity³, unit: cubic meters per bus, fy 2022: 46, fy 2021: 57, year-on-year change: -19.30% item: non-renewable electricity consumption³, unit: kilowatt-hours, fy 2022: 17,615,264, fy 2021: 18,702,653, year-on-year change: -5.81% item: non-renewable electricity consumption intensity³, unit: kilowatt-hours per m², fy 2022: 42, fy 2021: 45, year-on-year change: -6.67% table end.
notes: 1. the emission factors of greenhouse gas emissions due to electricity consumption were obtained from the 2022 hkex published document, "how to prepare an esg report, appendix 2: reporting guidance on environmental kpis": 0.37kg co₂e/kilowatt-hours.
2. the emission factors were taken from "appendix 2: reporting guidance on environmental kpis" published by the hong kong stock exchange.
3. the water consumption and electricity consumption on all kmb and lwb premises, excluding tenants, were taken into account.
social: employment total workforce unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 1,005, fy 2021: 981, year-on-year change: +2.45% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 11,832, fy 2021: 12,088, year-on-year change: -2.12% table end.
of employees, fy 2022: 2,743, fy 2021: 2,959, year-on-year change: -7.30% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 3,665, fy 2021: 3,886, year-on-year change: -5.69% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 23, fy 2021: 23, year-on-year change: 0 unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 248, fy 2021: 260, year-on-year change: -4.62% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 12,566, fy 2021: 12,786, year-on-year change: -1.72% table end.
of employees, fy 2022: 914, fy 2021: 914, year-on-year change: 0 unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 11,114, fy 2021: 11,503, year-on-year change: -3.38% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 91, fy 2021: 67, year-on-year change: +35.82% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 718, fy 2021: 585, year-on-year change: +22.74% table end.
of employees, fy 2022: 11,749, fy 2021: 12,145, year-on-year change: -3.26% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 0, fy 2021: 0, year-on-year change: 0 unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 1,088, fy 2021: 924, year-on-year change: +17.75% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 0, fy 2021: 0, year-on-year change: 0 table end.
of employees, fy 2022: 900, fy 2021: 902, year-on-year change: -0.22% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 10,849, fy 2021: 11,244, year-on-year change: -3.51% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 105, fy 2021: 79, year-on-year change: +32.91% unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 983, fy 2021: 845, year-on-year change: +16.33% table end.
of employees, fy 2022: 181, fy 2021: 352, year-on-year change: -48.58% subcategory: male, unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 1,900, fy 2021: 2,158, year-on-year change: -11.96% category: by age group , subcategory: below 40 years old, unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 656, fy 2021: 674, year-on-year change: -2.67% subcategory: 40-50 years old, unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 405, fy 2021: 478, year-on-year change: -15.27% subcategory: over 50 years old, unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 2,081, fy 2021: 2,510, year-on-year change: -17.09% subcategory: other region, unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 0, fy 2021: 0, year-on-year change: 0 table end.
health and safety table: health and safety data fy2022 & fy2021 category: total number of work-related fatalities occurred, unit: no.
of employees, fy 2022: 0, fy 2021: 0, year-on-year change: 0 category: lost days due to work injury, unit: rate no.
of employees/total workforce days, fy 2022: 18,525, fy 2021: 22,428, year-on-year change: -17.40% category: work-related injuries, unit: no.
of injuries, fy 2022: 242, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. category: work-related ill health, unit: no.
of ill health, fy 2022: 0, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. development and training table: development and training data by gender and employment category fy2022 & fy2021 category: by gender , subcategory: female, unit: % of employees trained, fy 2022: 55.52, fy 2021: 49.24, year-on-year change: +12.75% subcategory: male, unit: % of employees trained, fy 2022: 72.51, fy 2021: 65.07, year-on-year change: +11.43% category: by employment category , subcategory: senior level, unit: % of employees trained, fy 2022: 13.04, fy 2021: 8.70, year-on-year change: +49.89% subcategory: middle level, unit: % of employees trained, fy 2022: 27.02, fy 2021: 22.69, year-on-year change: +19.08% subcategory: entry level, unit: % of employees trained, fy 2022: 72.16, fy 2021: 64.82, year-on-year change: +11.32% category: training hours , subcategory: total, unit: no.
of hours of training per employee, fy 2022: 315,824, fy 2021: 324,511, year-on-year change: -2.68% table end.
table: average training hours by gender and employment category fy2022 & fy2021 category: by gender , subcategory: female, unit: no.
of hours of training per employee, fy 2022: 23, fy 2021: 23, year-on-year change: 0 subcategory: male, unit: no.
of hours of training per employee, fy 2022: 25, fy 2021: 25, year-on-year change: 0 category: by employment category , subcategory: senior level, unit: no.
of hours of training per employee, fy 2022: 2, fy 2021: 4, year-on-year change: -50.00% subcategory: middle level, unit: no.
of hours of training per employee, fy 2022: 11, fy 2021: 7, year-on-year change: +57.14% subcategory: entry level, unit: no.
of hours of training per employee, fy 2022: 25, fy 2021: 25, year-on-year change: 0 table end.
social employees receive regular performance and career development reviews category: by gender category: female, metric: % of employees received, fy 2022: 91.59, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. category: male, metric: % of employees received, fy 2022: 88.65, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. category: by employment category category: senior level, metric: % of employees received, fy 2022: 94.70, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. category: middle level, metric: % of employees received, fy 2022: 100.00, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. category: entry level, metric: % of employees received, fy 2022: 91.30, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. diversity and equal opportunity category: senior level, metric: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, fy 2022: 0.91, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. category: middle level, metric: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, fy 2022: 0.95, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. category: entry level, metric: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, fy 2022: 1.11, fy 2021: n.a., year-on-year change: n.a. supply chain management region: hong kong, metric: no.
^: refers to tih 2022 annual report governance gri standards: 2-9, material topics: governance structure and composition, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: sustainability governance, page s ^ : 45 gri standards: 2-10, material topics: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: corporate governance report, page s ^ : 116-137 ^ gri standards: 2-11, material topics: chair of the highest governance body, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: corporate governance report, page s ^ : 116-137 ^ gri standards: 2-12, material topics: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: adopting tcfd reporting: governance, page s ^ : 58 gri standards: 2-13, material topics: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: adopting tcfd reporting: governance, page s ^ : 58 gri standards: 2-14, material topics: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment, page s ^ : 46 gri standards: 2-15, material topics: conflicts of interest, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for employees, page s ^ : 70-75 gri standards: 2-16, material topics: communication of critical concerns, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: financial review, page s ^ : 98-115 ^ gri standards: 2-17, material topics: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: corporate governance report, page s ^ : 116-137 ^ gri standards: 2-18, material topics: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: adopting tcfd reporting: risk management, page s ^ : 58 gri standards: 2-19, material topics: remuneration policies, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: remuneration report, page s ^ : 138-141 ^ gri standards: 2-20, material topics: process to determine remuneration, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: remuneration report, page s ^ : 138-141 ^ gri standards: 2-21, material topics: annual total compensation ratio, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: director’s emolument, page s ^ : 196-197 ^ table end.
gri standards: water and effluents 2018 & 2021 gri 303: water and effluents 2018 esg guide, hkex: kpi a2.2, unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 303-1, material topics: interactions with water as a shared resource, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment all water used at kmb and lwb offices and depots was sourced from municipal water supplies.
no major issue concerning sourcing water and water-related impacts has been encountered., page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: gd a3 kpi a3.1, unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 303-2, material topics: management of water discharge-related impacts, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment we ensure water discharge to drainage systems and water bodies were in compliance with local government requirements., page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: kpi a2.4 kpi b5.3, unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 303-3, material topics: water withdrawal, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: kpi a2.4 kpi b5.3, unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 303-4, material topics: water discharge, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment effluents are discharged into municipal sewage treatment systems and comply with local regulatory standards of effluents discharge., page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: kpi a2.2, unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 303-5, material topics: water consumption, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment performance statistics no specific regions are water stressed in hong kong., page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 82-85 table end.
gri 305: emissions 2016 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.1 kpi a1.2, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production 13: climate action, gri standards: 305-1, material topics: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.1 kpi a1.2, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production 13: climate action, gri standards: 305-2, material topics: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.1, unsdg: 13: climate action, gri standards: 305-3, material topics: other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: information incomplete: tih is not ready to explore these voluntary disclosures yet but has been reviewing the feasibility to do so in the future., page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: - table end.
sustainability report table: esg, unsdg, gri standards, material topics, and report pages esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.2, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production, gri standards: 305-4, material topics: greenhouse gas emissions intensity, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63, 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.5, unsdg: 7: affordable and clean energy 12: responsible consumption and production 13: climate action, gri standards: 305-5, material topics: reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63, 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.1, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production, gri standards: 305-6, material topics: emissions of ozone-depleting substances ods , reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: not applicable: tih does not produce, import and export ods, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: - esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.1, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production 13: climate action, gri standards: 305-7, material topics: nitrogen oxides nox , sulfur oxides sox , and other significant air emissions, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63, 82-85 esg guide, hkex: gd a1, gri standards: 3-3, material topics: the management approach and its components, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.3, unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 306-1, material topics: water discharge by quality and destination, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.4, unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 306-2, material topics: waste by type and disposal method, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation 13: climate action, gri standards: 306-3, material topics: significant spills, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.3, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production 13: climate action, gri standards: 306-4, material topics: transport of hazardous waste, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 unsdg: 6: clean water and sanitation, gri standards: 306-5, material topics: water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 table end.
gri 3: material topics 2021 table: gri standards and kpis esg guide, hkex: gd a1, gri standards: 3-3, material topics 2021: the management approach and its components, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 esg guide, hkex: gd a3 kpi a1.6, gri standards: 306-1, material topics 2021: waste generation and significant waste-related impacts, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a3.1, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production, gri standards: 306-2, material topics 2021: management of significant waste-related impacts, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a3.1, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production, gri standards: 306-3, material topics 2021: waste generated, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for the environment performance statistics quantitative data of total packaging materials are not available as they are not applicable to kmb & lwb's business., page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 56-63 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.3 kpi a1.4 kpi a2.5, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production, gri standards: 306-4, material topics 2021: waste diverted from disposal, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi a1.6, unsdg: 12: responsible consumption and production, gri standards: 306-5, material topics 2021: waste directed to disposal, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 82-85 esg guide, hkex: gd b1, gri standards: 3-3, material topics 2021: the management approach and its components, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 esg guide, hkex: kpi b1.2, unsdg: 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 401-1, material topics 2021: new employee hires and employee turnover, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for employees performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 82-85 unsdg: 10: reduced inequalities, gri standards: 401-2, material topics 2021: benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 gri standards: 401-3, material topics 2021: parental leave, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for employees performance statistics, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 82-85 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, gri standards: 3-3, material topics 2021: the management approach and its components, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: safety first caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 70-75 table end.
sustainability report table: gri standards and material topics: occupational health and safety 2018 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-1, material topics: occupational health and safety management system, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: safety first caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 70-75 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-2, material topics: hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: safety first caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 70-75 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-3, material topics: occupational health services, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-4, material topics: worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: safety first caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 70-75 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-5, material topics: worker training on occupational health and safety, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: safety first caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 70-75 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-6, material topics: promotion of worker health, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: caring for employees, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-7, material topics: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: safety first, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 esg guide, hkex: gd b2 kpi b2.3, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-8, material topics: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system, reference/ direct answer/+reason for omission: safety first, page s ^: refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 table end.
table: esg, unsdg, gri standards, material topics, and reporting pages esg guide, hkex: kpi b2.1, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-9, material topics: work-related injuries, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees performance statistics, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi b2.2, unsdg: 3: good health and well-being 8: decent work and economic growth, gri standards: 403-10, material topics: work-related ill health, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees performance statistics, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 82-85 esg guide, hkex: gd b3, gri standards: 3-3, material topics: the management approach and its components, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: safety first caring for employees, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 50-55 70-75 esg guide, hkex: kpi b3.1, unsdg: 4: quality education, gri standards: 404-1, material topics: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: performance statistics, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 82-85 esg guide, hkex: kpi b3.2, unsdg: 4: quality education, gri standards: 404-2, material topics: programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 unsdg: 4: quality education, gri standards: 404-3, material topics: percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees performance statistics, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 82-85 esg guide, hkex: gd b1, gri standards: 3-3, material topics: the management approach and its components, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 esg guide, hkex: kpi b1.1, unsdg: 5: gender equality 10: reduced inequalities, gri standards: 405-1, material topics: diversity of governance bodies and employees, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 unsdg: 5: gender equality 10: reduced inequalities, gri standards: 405-2, material topics: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees performance statistics, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 82-85 esg guide, hkex: gd b1, gri standards: 3-3, material topics: the management approach and its components, reference/direct answer/reason for omission: caring for employees, page s - refer to tih 2022 annual report: 70-75 table end.
