the provided image contains a photograph of a man and a woman in business attire, shaking hands outside a building.
image description: a close-up photograph of a technician working on industrial machinery, wearing safety gear.
aura by transcorp hotels, through its digital platform, connects travellers to unique properties, restaurants and experiences backed by our hospitality brand.
with hospitality experience spanning over 30 years, transcorp hotels plc aims to be africa's leading hospitality brand, starting from nigeria and building a strong footprint in cities across africa.
its growing portfolio of award-winning and innovative asset light collection, with several local and international awards are paving the way as we continue to deliver superior guest experience and excellent service delivery across our key locations.
02. pan-african leadership presence leaders from all 54 african countries have stayed at the transcorp hilton hotel.
03. transcorp hilton abuja renovation transcorp hilton abuja underwent a $100 million renovation project in 2019. 04. aura by transcorp hotels award aura by transcorp hotels, the latest addition to our group, received the special recognition award for tourism innovation at the nigerian tourism awards.
emerged nigeria's best diversity, equity and inclusion dei compliant company.
08. transcorp hotels calabar award transcorp hotels calabar won the best event hall award from the cross river state tourism bureau.
it is on record that transcorp power surpassed its generation target of 670mw well before the 5-year timeline, given to gencos generation companies to meet their respective minimum generation target.
transcorp power has consistently been one of the top power generating companies gencos in nigeria in terms of electricity generated and wheeled onto the national grid.
in line with our corporate philosophy, the company maintains a very good relationship with its host communities.
this image shows a power plant facility.
the provided image contains only a logo for transafam power ltd, overlaid on an image of electricity pylons at sunset.
image shows the logo for transafam power ltd against a backdrop of electricity pylons at sunset.
this acquisition also came with many advantages including closeness to gas supply, sufficient x evacuation capacity and brand new 240 megawatt afam three fast power turbines.
our plan is to efficiently recover the capacity of the afam genco, leveraging on our experience with running transcorp power limited.
he is the founder and chairman of heirs holdings, a family-owned investment company committed to improving lives and transforming africa, through long-term investments in strategic sectors of the african economy, including financial services, hospitality, power, energy, technology, and healthcare.
he also chairs nigeria's largest quoted conglomerate, transcorp whose subsidiaries include transcorp power, one of the leading producer of electricity in nigeria, and transcorp hotels plc, nigeria's foremost hospitality brand.
tony is the most prominent champion of entrepreneurship in africa.
in 2010, he created the tony elumelu foundation tef , the leading philanthropy empowering a new generation of african entrepreneurs, catalysing economic growth, driving poverty eradication, and driving job creation across all 54 african countries.
since its inception, the foundation's flagship programme has identified and catalysed nearly 16,000 entrepreneurs and created a digital ecosystem of over one million africans, as part of a ten-year united states dollar100m commitment to fund, mentor, and train young africans.
the foundation is increasingly sharing its unique ability to identify and access young entrepreneurs across africa, with institutions such as the european commission, united nations development programme, the international committee of the red cross, and other global development agencies, implementing thematic programmes that have focused on women and fragile regions.
his businesses and the foundation are inspired by tony's economic philosophy of africapitalism, which positions the private sector, and most importantly entrepreneurs, as the catalyst for the social and economic development of the african continent.
tony sits on a number of public and social sector boards, including the world economic forum community of chairmen and the global leadership council of unicef's generation unlimited.
in 2020, in recognition of his business leadership and economic empowerment of young african entrepreneurs, he was named in the time100 most influential people in the world and recognised with belgium's oldest and highest royal order.
in 2022, time again recognised tony with its inaugural time100 impact list, honouring him alongside six global leaders who have gone over and beyond to move their industries – and the world - forward.
her public service career includes serving as a commissioner in the ministries of finance and women affairs in lagos state, where during her tenure, the broad policies that led to the state's accelerated revenue generation programme argp were formulated.
owen is a multi-award-winning professional with over two decades of experience across multiple sectors.
she holds a b.sc. double honours in sociology & anthropology from the university of benin, an m.sc. in human resource management from the london school of economics & political science, and a doctorate degree in engineering from the federal university of petroleum resources effurun.
she is also an alumnus of the lagos business school and iese business school in spain.
she joined the board of transcorp plc in 2018. she is the founder and chairperson of women in finance nigeria and uk chapter, a platform for advocacy, development, and networking of women in the financial sector and other financial roles in nigeria.
she has over thirty-three years of experience as a prominent investment banker, public personality & speaker.
he has over 35 years of experience in infrastructure development, investing, public-private partnerships, and strategic advisory work such as advising and partnering with governments, regional and international corporations, and development finance institutions.
during his career, in differing senior roles, he oversaw the investment of approximately united states dollar10bn and originated united states dollar100bn of infrastructure deals across the african continent on behalf of investee institutions.
he is a member of the nigerian bar association nba , the institute of chartered secretaries & administrators of nigeria icsan , and the association of international petroleum.
he is an alumnus of lagos business school, lagos, and iese business school, barcelona.
he holds an ll.b degree from the university of lagos, a b.l from the nigerian law school, an ll.m from the university of lagos, and a second ll.m in energy, environmental & natural resources law from the university of houston, texas.
dupe is a thoroughbred professional with over 2 decades of experience spanning various sectors.
she studied economics at the university of leicester, united kingdom, and obtained her m.sc. in development economics from the university of kent.
peter is a value-driven and result-oriented oil and gas professional with a wealth of global experience, having directly developed or managed major oil, gas, and power assets and operations in multiple regions including nigeria, brazil and the united states of america.
his oil and gas industry experience spans upstream, midstream, and downstream.
he holds a degree in chemical engineering from enugu state university and currently completing an m.eng in chemical engineering from the same institution.
there she managed the company’s corporate governance portfolio across different industries and provided advisory services to international enterprises.
she possesses an llb hons from obafemi awolowo university and an llm from the university of warwick.
she was called to the nigerian bar in 2010. she is also a member of the institute of chartered secretaries and administrators icsan and the international bar association.
she is a grc consultant and seasoned internal audit professional with over 15 years of extensive work experience and proven knowledge in internal audit, risk management, compliance, accounting, and corporate governance gained in the banking, asset management, insurance, hospitality, and energy sectors of the economy.
she worked with ecobank and kpmg, and arm life plc as the head, internal audit and control.
she is also a qualified chartered accountant of the institute of chartered accountants of nigeria.
he holds a degree in metallurgical and materials engineering from oau, ile-ife, and a master's in systems engineering from the university of lagos.
she has also worked as a project manager in multi-location and cross-functional contexts.
she worked as the head of digital & insights for coronation, as the head of digital media & communications at the united bank for africa uba , an instrumental player in the marketing department at interswitch verve international and with cushion the impact, a pr firm in the uk.
she holds a b.sc. in marketing from babcock university, a post graduate diploma in marketing from the nigerian institute of marketing, and an m.a in marketing communications from the university of westminster, united kingdom.
dear shareholders, on behalf of the board of directors, i am pleased to present the annual report and audited financial statements of transnational corporation plc, for the year ended 31 december 2022. 2022 was an extraordinary year in many ways, amid the conflict in ukraine, the continued impact of climate change and the ongoing consequences of the covid-19 pandemic.
these achievements were made possible by our clear strategy, service quality, professionalism, dedication, and the commitment displayed by colleagues throughout the group.
operating landscape during the year, the global economy was impacted by a series of events that have significantly complicated the ongoing recovery from the pandemic.
this is a creative way that nerc has adopted to optimize the current low capacity of the national grid.
the hospitality sector rebounded in 2022, after two years of disruption caused by the pandemic.
we continue to see significant opportunity, both to grow our brands and to increase employment and drive formalisation of the sector.
as a global corporate citizen, with a purpose of improving lives and transforming africa, we are also making significant steps to improve our sustainability processes.
it is extraordinary how quickly we were able to adapt, innovate and deliver another excellent performance.
maintained an average generation of 377mw in 2022, despite significant grid challenges.
a new 150mva inter-bus transformer was deployed at the ughelli plant by tcn, eliminating generation losses.
a best-in-class wellness centre was introduced at transcorp hilton abuja.
an engaged team we continued to prioritize diversity and inclusion in our workforce.
we recognize that diversity not only brings different perspectives and experiences, but it also leads to increased innovation and better decision-making.
our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace has resulted in a more engaged and motivated workforce.
our efforts have helped us attract leading talent from diverse backgrounds and our employee satisfaction index increased significantly, with an over 80% average across the group.
we believe that our employees are our greatest asset, and we strive to create a work environment where they feel inspired and empowered to do their best work.
a dual strategy of "exploring while developing", will be deployed in 2023 to expedite progress towards our end-of-year goal.
as a global corporate citizen, with a purpose of improving lives and transforming africa, we are also making significant steps to improve our sustainability processes.
i am proud to say, “we are transcorp, we improve lives and transform societies".
investor's toast as i reflect on the turnaround of our company, i am filled with a sense of pride and great accomplishment.
today – we see a different trend and a resurgence of interest – which is an affirmation and recognition of the great turnaround we have achieved in the company and the shareholder value optimisation anchored in our group's philosophy of africapitalism.
my appreciation also goes out to our valuable customers, business partners and all other critical stakeholders who have partnered and supported us in this exciting journey of growth.
implementation of a strong predictive maintenance strategy to ensure we increase our efficiency.
in response, we implemented the following: continuous investment in innovation enabled us to remain dynamic, agile, and responsive to the volatile economic situation and changing guest preferences.
in addition, we continue to leverage the aura platform to redefine hospitality standards across africa.
aura by transcorp is a digital platform that connects travellers to unique properties, restaurants, and experiences across africa starting from nigeria.
at the pearl awards 2022, transnational corporation plc emerged winner in 2 categories: sectorial leadership ward – conglomerates highest dividend cover award transcorp hotels also won in the sectoral leadership category, emerging the most outstanding hospitality brand of the year.
our hospitality sector continues to create a memorable impression driven by our consistency in delivering world-class guest experiences and excellent services across all its touch points.
the world travel awards: africa's leading business hotel, for the 8th consecutive year nigeria's leading business hotel nigeria's leading hotel nigeria's leading hotel suite the presidential suite nigeria's leading city hotel the seven star awards: best luxury hotel, nigeria best luxury business hotel, africa this was the highest number of awards received by a single company represented at the awards ceremony and this speaks to local and international recognition of the quality and consistency of our service delivery.
transcorp hotels calabar emerged as the winner of the best hotel in safety compliance from the cross rivers state safety commission.
aura by transcorp hotels also received the special recognition award for tourism innovation at the 5th edition of the nigerian tourism awards.
in line with our strategy to position our leaders and improve our brand recognition, i was awarded the president of the year award at the seven star luxury awards and recognized as one of the 100 most influential african women by avance media and gabi magazine.
environmental, social and governance esg as a responsible corporate citizen, transcorp recognizes that its impact extends beyond the services and experiences it provides.
the company also improved operational efficiency by integrating financial systems and streamlining its sustainability strategy, reducing its sustainability impact pillars to five focus areas: climate & environment, diversity & inclusion, community impact & empowerment, wellness, health & safety, and corporate governance & strategy.
transcorp promotes healthy habits and initiatives aimed at improving people's lives.
the company has collaborated with organizations in its hospitality businesses to recycle soap slivers and provide cancer screenings.
through transcorp power limited and transafam power limited, we have also taken significant steps to provide healthcare services to our employees and the surrounding communities.
our clinics are equipped with medical equipment and staffed with qualified medical personnel to ensure that we provide quality healthcare services.
we collaborate with healthcare providers to ensure that our employees and communities have access to specialized medical care when needed such as free monthly vital checks and medical treatments which are provided to indigenous peoples, expectant mothers, and children within our host communities.
in the education space, we continued to invest in our schools in ughelli and afam, to sustain the provision of quality education to children in our surrounding communities at highly subsidized costs.
we believe that education is critical to socio-economic development and poverty reduction.
our investment in education is therefore not just a social responsibility but also a business imperative.
we recognize that educated communities are more likely to have a skilled workforce, higher productivity, and a better standard of living.
at transcorp, we are dedicated to conducting business with a sustainable approach and adhering to the highest ethical standards and principles of corporate governance.
our governance framework outlines the governance laws applicable to each of the company's businesses as well as its principles, and we are confident in their application during the previous year.
transcorp believes in the power of each individual to make a positive impact, which is why it incorporates a culture of innovation and efficiency into all aspects of its operations.
the company understands that its goals and progress can positively impact the lives of people, communities, and the planet, ultimately working to transform the world.
people, our greatest asset we strive for a transcorp that is relevant, innovative, and a future fit.
we are unwavering in our approach to providing a safe and healthy workplace with equal opportunities, conducive to learning and personal development.
diversity and inclusion are critically important aspects and remain a big focus.
this is evidenced by the recognition of our focus on building an inclusive workplace, with transcorp hotel plc emerging first among 148 companies surveyed, by hofstede international as the best company in diversity, equity, and inclusion, with transcorp group emerging first in the group category.
today, 67% of our employees are male and 33% are female.
at our most senior level of leadership, 50% are male and 50% female.
our employee satisfaction index increased significantly, with an over 80% average across the group.
noting the value, we place on employees; we are gladdened by these results.
measures are being taken to resolve gas supply issues and ensure stable, reliable energy generation.
priorities for 2023 include growth, operational excellence, financial strength, people management, and sustainable development.
the group is well-positioned to deliver improved performance and value-adding returns for all stakeholders while continuing societal contributions.
aura by transcorp hotels book a home or hotel for short and long stays.
to encourage collective action, we are also raising awareness within our communities and communicating the importance of recycling while keeping our environment clean.
we are committed to managing and minimizing our environmental effect while fostering a strong environmentally conscious culture, as guided by our health, safety, security, and environment hsse policy.
this is accomplished through the implementation of environmental protection programs, proactive risk assessment and management, and the adoption of best practices to continuously enhance our performance while minimizing and controlling all areas of our environmental footprint.
we deliberately reduce our emissions, respect the land on which we operate, and engage in water conservation methods as part of our approach to environmental stewardship.
we also use the philosophy of continual improvement in all of our activities in terms of water, air, noise, and light pollution, decreasing any negative impact from our operations on the local population.
throughout the year under review, transcorp, through its hospitality arm, transcorp hilton abuja, remained committed to the “water: save every drop” project, which is focused on promoting water conservation throughout our value chain and making every drop count.
the hotel also cooperated with chanja datti on recyclable waste collection and, to the extent practicable, used environmentally friendly products and services.
we launched the transafam environmental transformation initiative teti as part of our efforts to ensure that our power generation operations do not have an ongoing harmful impact on the environment.
this effort encourages a clean and healthy environment, as well as good health and proper waste management and disposal education.
the initiative's goal is to encourage the usage of suitable waste disposal techniques.
transafam power environmental transformation initiative diversity & inclusion throughout the year, we at transcorp actively engaged with our diverse stakeholder groups including our employees, shareholders, suppliers, communities, customers and regulators with a strong sense of commitment.
2. participating in active dialogue.
we think that cultivating an open communication culture leads to effective decision-making and drives creativity, both of which are essential for achieving operational excellence.
in 2022, we launched our new website following the name change from transnational corporation of nigeria plc to transnational corporation plc to provide a more engaging platform and drive an enhanced stakeholder engagement process.
our employees are at the heart of all that we do as a business and are also crucial to achieving operational excellence.
our 3es of enterprise, execution and excellence lay the groundwork for our dedication to a diverse workforce and a welcoming workplace.
furthermore, through our humans of transcorp hot initiative, we have been able to drive the one transcorp inclusive culture which we understand is critical towards the achievement of our corporate goals.
our diversity flourishes when we invite all of our employees to participate fully and foster an environment of respect, connection, and continual learning.
the company's position as an equal opportunity employer also guarantees employees the right to be treated fairly without discrimination on the grounds of race, ethnicity, gender, age, disability, education, personalities, religion, or experience.
while we've made significant progress in broadening our perspectives, our organization remains committed to maintaining and expanding our diversity.
humans of transcorp community impact & empowerment during the year, transcorp through its businesses partnered with the tony elumelu foundation tef , a non-profit organization to extend our reach to more members of the community.
the tony elumelu foundation which is a leading champion for entrepreneurship in africa drives the empowerment of both male and females across the african continent, catalysing economic growth, driving poverty eradication, and ensuring job creation.
community stewardship amplifying our giving efforts we raised a record of more than $2.3 million to support 26 beneficiaries.
this included essential supplies and digital learning resources for disadvantaged communities.
2022 achievements : - launched heartbeat@heartlands program in singapore.
- contributed vnd100 million to poverty alleviation in vietnam.
- raised over $95,290 for pandemic recovery efforts in hong kong.
at transcorp, we are committed to ensuring that the people who work to offer our services and provide experiences to our customers leave work as healthy and safe as they arrived.
in 2022, we strengthened our wellness, safety, and health awareness plan as we pushed performance across our businesses, reinforcing our impact pillar.
to identify and reduce the likelihood of serious incidents occurring in our facilities, we implemented a safety program which includes a set of front-line and management responsibilities and behaviours that must be proactively demonstrated, conducted toolbox and safety talks, performed job hazard analysis and assessments to recognize, evaluate and ensure controls are in place to prevent such incidents from occurring.
we work to identify and control preventable serious injuries in our system’s facilities.
although we promote a learning atmosphere by interacting directly with employees on a frequent basis to identify hidden safety risks and problems and to encourage transparency, we also perform unannounced on-site audits throughout our locations on a regular basis to certify workplace safety.
governance corporate governance & strategy at transcorp, our business principles and practices are designed to foster an innovative and collaborative culture—a culture that is committed to ethical behaviour, accountability, and transparency.
the company's board of directors has established relevant committees to assist in discharging its governance duties.
these are an audit & governance committee agc , a finance & investment committee fic , and an executive management committee emc . each of the committee's activities is driven by its charter along with other board approved policies and documentation.
esg oversight and matters pertaining to sustainability is ultimately the board's responsibility; the president/group ceo of the company also has the overall responsibility for the company's csr activities.
a key part of effective governance is ensuring our board has the right mix of background, experience, and diversity of perspectives to support the scope and complexity of our business.
the institutionalisation of good corporate culture and ethics through the enforcement of policies along with the tone set by the board also contributes to our overall performance while safeguarding our reputation.
for this reason, we remain steadfast to observing applicable laws and regulations ensuring continued commitment to good governance practices.
the following policies, procedures are in place to ensure we attain these commitments: enterprise risk management erm : this framework is consistently communicated across the organisation.
it ensures risks are managed in a consistent way across the group and provides important considerations for the board and its sub-committees in defining and addressing oversight responsibilities.
this is reinforced by the board's delegation of authority which sets the appropriate tone through the management hierarchy.
code of conduct, ethics & compliance: our approach to doing business in the group is based on high ethical standards and strict adherence to all provisions of the code of conduct guidelines.
among other things, the ability to deliver and sustain this mandate is dependent on staff commitment, engagement, and ability.
in addition to staff competence, the conduct of the group's workforce remains professional, hinged on well-established ethical and code of conduct frameworks that guide expected behaviour.
this is driven from senior leaders who have worked relentlessly to build/develop ethical culture within the group.
employees are regularly sensitised to express behavioural patterns through several internal campaigns aimed at ensuring that our people operate in line with our approved standards.
the policy document clearly elucidates the group's values, provides guidance on ethical issues and fosters a culture of honesty and accountability.
this policy also spells out the group's position on bribery/corruption, conflict of interests and money laundering matters.
while our injury rates have steadily improved, we continue to have preventable incidents within our business locations.
we believe that one preventable serious injury brings us closer to our overall goal, which is why we have processes in place to ensure our employees and contractors report all injuries, regardless of severity.
csr policy the policy lays out the broad framework and processes that will guide csr activity implementation while also enshrining and driving the company's commitment to positive social transformation in the communities where it works.
complaints management and whistle blowing at transcorp, we promote a culture where employees can speak up easily and encourage an enabling environment where people are free to raise concerns on perceived or unethical conduct.
to ensure a seamless and independent platform, the company maintains a dedicated process for reporting suspected violations of the group's policies or national laws and regulations.
we strive for excellence and transparency across our operations by placing rigorous environmental, social, and governance esg responsibilities at the center of our business.
awards and recognitions during 2022, transcorp sustained its award-winning streak through achievements attained by its subsidiary businesses.
the president/gceo presented with the president of the year award at the 2022 seven stars awards.
aura by transcorp hotels plc presented with the special recognition award for tourism innovation at the 2022 nigerian tourism awards.
the photos show various group and individual shots of attendees participating in the session.
multiple photos show attendees engaging in discussions and presentations.
it includes a group photo of attendees, smaller photos of board members in meetings, and a transcorp logo.
transcorp power events and activities 2022 transcorp power hosts the army war college nigeria awcn transcorp power hosts the 8th graduation and 9th induction vocational skills training and entrepreneur empowerment ceremony executive management committee meeting transcorp power ltd signs the ecowas regional electricity market erem participation agreement our group chairman, tony elumelu cfr at our christmas tree lighting & carol ceremony page 58 powering up your life at transcorp power, we are dedicated to empowering your life by providing innovative power generation solutions that prioritize efficiency and environmental sustainability.
we believe that power is essential to any real transformation, and we strive to deliver reliable and sustainable energy to light up your homes, schools, hospitals, factories, and more; we power up your life.
1.2 to ensure continued compliance, the board consisted of nine 9 directors with four 4 independent non-executive directors, increasing the degree of objectivity to the board in controlling and directing the company’s activities.
the board was effectively and efficiently supported by the finance and investment committee and the board audit and governance committee, which provided adequate support.
the company entrenched best practices in corporate governance by formulating new policies to enhance performance, make the business more sustainable, and sustain stakeholder trust and confidence.
1.3 the company’s drive to institutionalise best practices, structures, and policies is evident in the update of its human resource policy and whistleblowing policy.
1.3.1 group policy governance framework: this framework explains the governance laws applicable to the company’s businesses.
1.3.2 board governance and board committees governance charter: this charter provides the governance framework for the group board and board committees and promotes effective governance.
1.3.5 code of conduct and ethics: this code adopts a consistent approach to integrity issues between the company and its employees, directors, subsidiaries, government officials, business partners, and customers.
it provides policies and procedures for anti-corruption, conflict of interest, anti-bribery/improper payments, money laundering, terrorism financing, and insider trading blackout policy . each staff and director signs an undertaking to abide by the code annually.
1.3.6 sustainability policy: this policy covers the environmental and social dimensions of sustainable development.
the company is committed to sustainable development in its day-to-day activities, including stakeholder engagement, corporate governance, preserving the environment, employee related matters, vendor engagement and supplies, safety, health and environment management, community investment, and corporate social responsibility, and ethics and whistle blowing.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image to extract.
board governance the board exercises oversight and control, ensuring that management acts in the best interest of stakeholders, especially shareholders, while sustaining the company's value and brand.
the delegation of authority conforms to statutory limitations, clearly showing the division of responsibilities between the board and management.
any responsibility not delegated remains with the board and its committees.
board appointment the company's governance charter sets out the process to guide the selection and appointment of directors to the board.
the board audit and governance committee ensures compliance with the selection process in the governance charter before recommending it to the board for appointment.
induction and training processes the company has a formal director induction plan for newly appointed directors, properly documented in the company's board induction policy.
newly appointed directors undergo an induction program to become knowledgeable about the business, its governance structure, its key officers, its subsidiary businesses, facilities, and operational procedures.
separation of the position of chairman and managing director in compliance with good corporate governance practices, the positions of the chairman of the board and the managing director/ceo are separate and occupied by separate individuals.
2.4.1 board audit & governance committee bagc 2.4.1.1 during the year, the committee performed in line with its mandate and made valuable recommendations to the board on the matters delegated to it by the board including: approving recruitments, promotions, redeployments, and disengagements of group heads of departments that make up the executive management committee.
reviewing and evaluating the required skills of members of the board.
recommending compensation for all staff of the company and subsidiary boards.
advising the board on corporate governance standards and policies.
evaluating and appraising the performance of the board and board committees and its members annually in conjunction with consultants.
monitoring and evaluating the qualifications, independence, and performance of external and internal auditors and the control departments.
assisting the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities regarding risk management.
2.4.2.7 the president/gceo and head of internal audit were present during the risk management report presentations in compliance with the securities and exchange commission corporate governance guidelines.
2.5 statutory audit committee sac 2.5.1 the company's statutory audit committee sac is broadly empowered to, among other things; ascertain whether the company's accounting and reporting policies are in line with legal requirements and agreed on ethical practices, review the company's audit and internal control systems, and findings on management matters together with departmental responses.
of meetings attended: 4, dates of meetings attended dd/mm/yy : march 14, may 18, august 24, and november 24 members: mr. matthew esonanjor, total no.
of meetings attended: 4, dates of meetings attended dd/mm/yy : march 14, may 18, august 24, and november 24 members: ms. judith rapu, total no.
of meetings attended: 4, dates of meetings attended dd/mm/yy : march 14, may 18, august 24, and november 24 members: dr. stanley lawson, total no.
of meetings attended: 3, dates of meetings attended dd/mm/yy : may 18, august 24, and november 24 table end.
in line with board approvals, outlining of philosophy, policy, objectives, and resultant tasks to be accomplished.
recommending to the board, structures, and systems through which activities are arranged, defined, and coordinated in terms of specific objectives.
3. summary report of the annual corporate governance evaluation the firm of angela aneke & co.
limited evaluated the board for the year ended december 31, 2022, in line with the requirements of the nigerian code of corporate governance.
the statements by the external consultant on the board and corporate governance evaluation are contained on pages 78 and 79 of the annual report, respectively, and cover the summary of board, committees, individual directors', and overall governance evaluation.
4. gender diversity on the board and employment the company ensures gender diversity at the board level with over 30% of the board members being female and in staff employment to have a fair and productive work environment.
5. statement by the board on the company's environment, social and governance esg activities the company was involved in environment, social, and governance activities that address environmental or social issues which impact the stakeholders.
6. human resource policies and internal management structure the human resource policy provides for benefits available to eligible employees in the company.
by section 401 2 companies and allied matters act 2020, deloitte & touche has indicated its willingness to continue after its third year as an independent auditor of the company.
a employment of physically challenged persons: the group has a policy of fair consideration of job applications by physically challenged persons, having regard to their abilities and aptitude.
in the event of members of staff becoming physically challenged, every effort is made to ensure that their employment with the group continues and that appropriate training is arranged.
b health, safety and environment: the group maintains business premises and a work environment that promote the safety and health of its employees and other stakeholders.
also, the group provides medical insurance for its employees and their families through select health management organizations and hospitals.
c employees development, training and engagement: the group places a high premium on the development of its manpower and consults with employees on matters affecting their wellbeing.
in the year 2022, formal classroom, onsite and offsite trainings, as well as online training courses were deployed in training and re-training all staff at various levels.
the group's skill base has been extended by a range of training provided to the employees, whose opportunity for career development within the group has been enhanced.
12. donations no donation was made to any political party during the year.
the value of gifts and donations made by the group during the year are analysed as follows: note: no further details on donations are provided in the image.
the finance and investment committee fic has oversight for risk management.
deloitte & touche, having satisfied the relevant corporate governance rules, have indicated willingness to continue in office as auditors to the group.
in accordance with section 401 2 of companies and allied matters, act 2020, the auditors will be re-appointed at the next annual general meeting of the group without any resolution being passed.
group company secretary 24 february 2023. illuminating the essence of your life power is the lifeline of every economy and at transafam power we are devoted to delivering cutting-edge power generation solutions that prioritize efficiency and environmental sustainability, to transform the lives of millions of nigerians.
www.transcorpgroup.com follow us @transcorppower statement by the board on the company's environmental, social and governance activities the board of directors of transnational corporation plc "transcorp" or the "company" acknowledges the importance of sustainability as a driver of long-term value creation for its stakeholders.
the company recognizes that the impact it has on people's lives extends beyond the power generated or the hospitality services and experiences being offered.
the core values of excellence, enterprise, & execution 3es form the foundation of who we are as an institution and serve as strategic support for the fulfillment of our esg objectives driven through the sustainability pillars.
the company continually sought to minimise any detrimental impact of its operations on the local community in terms of water, air, noise, and light pollution through the environment by establishing policies that govern the company's activities across each of our businesses.
as an organisation, we worked to promote healthy habits aimed at saving lives through the respective businesses and consistently contributed to the community by providing high-quality education at a significantly subsidised cost through our schools located in ughelli and okoloma where the power businesses are located.
the company also sustained its efforts in providing equal opportunities for its existing and potential employees, along with the right to be treated fairly without discrimination on the grounds of race, ethnicity, gender, age, disability, education, personality, religion, or experience.
we recognize that engaging stakeholders and establishing collaborative partnerships are critical components of our esg strategy; our goal has been to build mutual understanding, trust, and cooperation with stakeholder groups on sustainability-related matters.
to guarantee adequate oversight of these risks, quarterly supervision and monitoring of the risk strategy were undertaken while taking the group's risk appetite into account, with a particular emphasis on broad programs centred on governance, risk management, internal control, and compliance.
as an organisation, we remained unwavering in our commitment to a system of checks and balances at all levels required to attain consistency in value creation, preservation, and protection targets.
we understand that together, transcorp can transform the lives of our stakeholders, our businesses, our communities, and our world.
the criteria for our review and report are benchmarked against the principles in the nccg, securities and exchange commission's corporate governance guidelines scgg , the company's corporate governance framework, as well as global best practice.
our methods included a review of documents provided by the company, research on global best practice, interviews, and questionnaires, including an online self and peer assessment by members of the board.
the chairman provides effective leadership to the board to ensure that the company's strategic objectives are met and plays a lead role in the assessment, improvement, and development of the board.
has a strong board guided by an established board governance charter.
the mandates and terms of reference of the board committees are clearly defined in the board governance charter and they address the effective monitoring of financial performance, strategy, governance, remuneration, risk management, internal audit and controls, regulatory compliance, and information technology governance.
furthermore, directors largely achieved 100% attendance at the board and board committee meetings held in 2022. the board and its committees are composed of seasoned professionals with a wealth of experience committed to the long-term success of the company.
it is a forward-thinking and cohesive board, that is diverse in experience, skills, and gender.
was female, this is in line with global best practice and a strong indicator of the board's continued commitment to promoting gender diversity.
the board executed its functions of strategic direction, policy formulation, decision making and oversight within the year objectively and effectively.
is highly effective and continues to demonstrate a commitment to maintaining strong corporate governance systems in line with global best practice.
its corporate governance framework is optimized, and the company has extensively applied the 28 principles of the nccg.
limited . angela aneke managing director 78 statement by the external consultants on the corporate governance evaluation of transcorp plc.
limited to perform a corporate governance evaluation for the year ended december 31, 2022, in line with the requirements of principle 15 of the financial reporting council's nigerian code of corporate governance nccg . the agreed scope of services for the evaluation exercise was specified in our letter of engagement.
the criteria for our review and report are benchmarked against each of the 28 principles of the nccg, securities and exchange commission's corporate governance guidelines scgg , the company's corporate governance framework, as well as global best practice.
our methodology included a review of documents provided by the company, research on global best practice, interviews, and questionnaires, including an online self and peer assessment by members of the board.
has a well-established system of corporate governance underpinned by a board governance charter as well as various policies and charters that guide the governance culture of the company.
the mandates and terms of reference of the board committees are clearly defined in the board governance charter and they address the effective monitoring of financial performance, strategy, governance, remuneration, risk management, internal audit and controls, regulatory compliance, and information technology governance.
policies that address risk management, internal control, code of conduct, business ethics, shareholder engagement and disclosures are well institutionalized at transcorp plc.
are strong, optimized and in line with global best practice.
the corporate governance framework of the company has extensively applied the 28 principles of the nccg.
we are independent of the group and company in accordance with the international ethics standards board for accountants' iesba , international code of ethics for professional accountants including international independence standards iesba code and other independence requirements applicable to performing audits of financial statements in nigeria.
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the iesba code and other ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of consolidated and separate financial statements in nigeria.
the other information comprises the directors’ report, corporate governance report, chairman’s statement, ceo’s reports, sustainability report, environmental, social & governance report, statement of directors’ responsibility and report of the statutory audit committee, which we obtained prior to the date of this report, and the annual report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.
as part of an audit in accordance with isas, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
we also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
each employee contributes 8% of annual earnings basic pay, transport and housing , while the employer contributes 10% to the scheme.
the program allows customers to earn points for nights spent at hotels.
estate surveyors & valuers - frc/2015/niesv00000013406, an accredited independent valuer.
estate surveyors & valuers, an accredited independent valuer, values.
4. to authorise the directors to fix the remuneration of the auditors for the 2023 financial year.
6. to elect members of the statutory audit committee.
cama further provides that members of the audit committee should be financially literate.
this proxy form has been prepared to enable you exercise your right to vote, in case you cannot personally attend the meeting.
resolution : 3, description: to authorise the directors to fix the remuneration of the auditors for the 2023 financial year.
resolution : 4, description: to elect members of the statutory audit committee.
the provided image is blank; therefore, no content can be extracted.
the registrar africa prudential plc 220b, ikorodu road, palmgrove, lagos.
1a, evo road, gra phase 2. 162 the provided image is blank; therefore, no markdown content can be extracted.
share portal application form dear registrar, please take this as authority to activate my account s on your shareportal where i will be able to view and manage my investment portfolio online with ease.
improving lives, transforming africa.
