with adverse events ranging from devastating weather phenomena to wars and geopolitical flashpoints, it has ingrained in us the importance of mitigating risks and preparing for the unforeseeable.
therefore, incorporating environmental, social and governance “esg” considerations across the group’s operations is crucial to us.
we pride ourselves on our strict adherence and compliance with the relevant environmental laws and regulations that acts as a foundation for our climate action.
with the international maritime organisation’s “imo” initial strategy to reduce greenhouse gas “greenhouse gas” emissions, it provides us with a guideline for us to work towards.
therefore, we look internally to reduce our environmental footprint across our operations.
additionally, as we continue to enhance our environmental measures and obtain various certificates such as the imo’s international air pollution prevention, international oil pollution prevention, and international engine efficiency.
as such, we actively manage our water usage and waste generation through stepping up initiatives internally and across our operations.
accordingly, we completed the retrofitting of all our vessels with ballast water treatment system “bwts” that helps to manage our negative impact from the use of seawater on marine biodiversity.
further, we strictly adhere to the imo’s regulations on operational pollution to reduce the potential of oil spills or hazardous waste going into the ocean and creating irreparable damage to the marine ecosystem.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 employee wellbeing and development our employees are the backbone of the group, and ensuring their wellbeing, satisfaction, and safety is paramount to achieving success and creating long-term value.
we enforce human capital policies and measures for occupational health and safety, diversity, and inclusion.
these measures include training for crew safety and career progression, as well as our board diversity policy.
in fy2022, we significantly increased our training budget, demonstrating our dedication to providing opportunities for employee growth.
community engagement bettering local communities is important to uni-asia.
our initiatives to give back to the communities where we operate are a testament to this commitment.
we continued our efforts to create shared communal housing for people with disabilities in japan.
we have invested in five group homes that include daytime care and support, aiming to provide a safe and comfortable place for our beneficiaries.
corporate governance and compliance we maintained our track record of achieving full compliance with all relevant and applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering regulations in fy2022.
uni-asia upholds integrity and transparency, guided by our group policy and manual.
we are integrating responsible investment practices into our decision-making to strengthen our corporate governance.
we welcome our clients, business partners, bankers, and shareholders to continue contributing and supporting our sustainable endeavors.
furthermore, our integrated services for various alternative investment assets facilitate the group's pursuit for long-term resilience and sustainability.
corporate philosophy we will continue to take on new challenges, create new value, and contribute to society.
corporate principles we will uphold business ethics, ensure regulatory compliance and fulfill our responsibilities as a member of society without fear, favor or prejudice.
we take pride and passion as a team of professionals and strive to provide services and products of the highest quality to the best of our abilities.
continuously striving to enhance the quality of our services, uni-asia constantly innovates to expand our client base and strengthen our portfolio to generate sustainable returns.
additionally, we continue to monitor our sustainability progress through established targets and year-on-year tracking of our performance.
ensuring this report remains holistic and compliance with regulations, internal review has been conducted by our internal audit team over our sustainability reporting processes.
restatement of information we have restated past years' energy consumption data in this sustainability report to reflect a more accurate reflection of our fuel consumption.
in the previous years, we have included our charterer's fuel consumptions in our environmental data.
with these guiding principles, we are able to integrate sustainability across our organisation and its operations.
we remain dedicated to fostering a sustainable business with the cooperation of our valued stakeholders.
striving to limit this, we strive to implement and enhance our environmental and climate change measures to reduce our carbon footprint and the negative impacts they have on waste, water, and biodiversity.
we hence embrace sustainability through the safeguards in place to minimise the operational harm our ships and properties may have on the environment.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 employee health, safety, and well-being the health, safety, and well-being of our people is a key concern at uni-asia.
we strive to take care of our employees while minimizing occupational hazards and risks.
we establish necessary safeguards and measures to reduce foreseeable safety risks, particularly in our maritime services operations, which present both onboard and on-land challenges.
driven by good corporate citizenry, we participate in community outreach programs and social projects to alleviate social inequalities.
corporate governance and compliance at uni-asia, we maintain compliance with all national, regional, and international regulations and laws.
this forms the cornerstone of our corporate governance strategy and includes socio-environmental laws, anti-corruption, and anti-bribery regulations.
stakeholder engagement uni-asia's stakeholders are integral to our business operations and play a crucial role in our success.
we value their input, as it provides valuable insights for continuous improvement.
we strive to meet the evolving needs of our stakeholders, believing their contributions will facilitate sustainable growth and value creation in the long run.
engagements with key stakeholder groups in fy2022 uni-asia is committed to engaging with its stakeholders and expanding its engagement methods.
key stakeholders are engaged regularly through several channels: table: stakeholder engagement in fy2022 stakeholder: clients, engagement mechanism: regular meetings to discuss product and service enhancements, and to align and customize based on specific customer requirements., frequency of engagement: depends on the nature of business; some departments have more regular meetings than others e.grams., mamd has bi-weekly meetings, others monthly or bi-monthly . stakeholder: employees, engagement mechanism: monthly management meetings for business updates and to discuss important business matters., frequency of engagement: weekly/monthly meetings, or as and when necessary.
the stakeholder engagement enabled us to identify the issues and topics that are material to uni-asia and work on internalising our environmental, social, and economic impacts.
the highest governance body at uni-asia, the board of directors, maintains ultimate oversight and endorsement of uni-asia's esg and sustainability-related matters.
our sustainability working committee "swc" works closely with the respective business units esg champions and the department representatives to address the day-to-day esg projects and related activities and implement the necessary sustainability policies and strategies.
as uni-asia's sustainability governance was newly curated in fy2022, uni-asia will continue to work on and enhance the governance of our impacts on the people, environment, and economy.
diagram shows the relationships between the board of directors, audit committee, sustainability working committee, internal auditor, business unit esg champions, and department representatives.
corporate governance a robust and good corporate governance is critical and fundamental to uni-asia's success and creation of long-term shareholder value.
effective corporate governance measures will ensure that decisions are made in the best interest of the group and stakeholders.
as such, we have put in place the necessary measures and policies to strive for full compliance with the regulatory requirements and uphold the high standards of ethical concerns across our operations.
the board oversees the business affairs of the group and assumes responsibility for the group's overall strategic plans, key operational initiatives, major funding and investment proposals, financial personal reviews and corporate governance practices.
our nominating committee "nc" is responsible for the nomination process of selecting the board.
the process of identifying new board members involves the consideration of competencies which include: academic and professional qualities industry experience number of other directorships relevant experience as a director ability and adequacy in carrying out required tasks the nc leads the process for board appointments and re-appointments and makes recommendations to the board.
for further information on the nc and nomination process, please refer to the "corporate governance report" in pages 45 to 77 of ar2022.
corporate governance and director training ensuring our directors are kept up to date and informed about the latest changes in the industry, uni-asia's directors undergo necessary training to improve our corporate governance and professional development.
across any newly appointed director, an orientation training is provided to ensure the responsibilities and sgx rules are clearly articulated.
additionally, uni-asia facilitates and provides any training deemed necessary given the evolving nature of our economy.
the performance of the board is also overseen by the nc, where it will review and make recommendations to the board on the process and criteria for performance evaluations of the board, board committees and directors.
the nc also has overall responsibility to review the independence of each director on an annual basis, adhering to the sgx-st listing rules and provisions and guidance under the code of corporate governance 2018 as the basis to determine independence of an independent director.
assessment parameters for the board includes accountability, evaluation and succession planning, diversity, composition and the board's processes and procedures.
additionally, the re-nomination of directors for the current year takes into account their attendances, commitment of time and contributions made at meetings of board and board committees as well as general meetings.
as a measure to mitigate conflict of interest, we ensure that no directors are involved in the decision-making of his or her own remuneration.
environmental performance emissions and energy management why this is material in 2021, international shipping accounted for almost 3% of greenhouse gas emission, contributing a significant amount to climate change.
the imo has set out an initial greenhouse gas strategy on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from international shipping by at least half by 2050, compared with their level in 2008 and work towards phasing out greenhouse gas emissions from shipping entirely as soon as possible in the century.
the initial greenhouse gas strategy envisages a reduction in carbon intensity of international shipping as an average across international shipping, by at least 40% by 2030, pursuing efforts towards 70% by 2050, compared to 2008 baseline.
further, in countries of operation such as singapore, the government has rolled out the singapore green plan 2030 to effectively manage energy consumption and curb emissions.
similarly, japan has a roadmap to "beyond zero" that calls for japan to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. cognisant of the high-emitting nature of the shipping industry and the intensive energy consumption in the investment or management of properties, uni-asia aims to align and work alongside such international and national strategies to manage our environmental impacts.
thus, we strive to manage our energy and fuel use across our shipping operations and investment properties.
our management approach at uni-asia, we monitor our energy management and emissions closely by primarily remaining abreast and complying with environmental laws and regulations internationally, regionally and across the specific waters we operate in.
with 18 bulkers in our management as at end of fy2022, we closely manage our vessels through the measurement of fuel usage, mileage, and careful selection of vessel users.
as we aim to enhance our environmental management of our shipping operations, we have taken active steps to manage our ships.
these include safeguarding business relationships with leading companies promoting eco-friendliness in dry bulk such as cargill, and upholding esg considerations such as vessel retrofitting and emphasising on clean energy capability when purchasing newbuilding vessels.
within our current fleet of vessels, we have identified less energy sustainability report fy2022 energy efficiency initiatives uni-asia aims to limit the inefficient use of energy by retiring inefficient ships and holding monthly department meetings to update employees.
internally, the company promotes energy savings through posters and notices reminding employees to switch off lights and air conditioning.
uni-asia closely monitors energy performance, identifies sources of wastage, and implements rectification measures to optimize usage.
in fy2022, the company continued to execute established energy management initiatives and implement new ones to strengthen its approach.
our initiatives: prevention of air pollution air pollution from fuel combustion can significantly impact public health and air quality.
uni-asia ensures compliance with local and international regulations on fuel use to limit air pollution from its ships.
since january 1, 2020, uni-asia has been in stringent compliance with the imo's sulphur limit of 0.10% in emission control areas ecas , and adheres to stricter regional legislations introduced by the imo.
the maritime services team oversees the group's compliance through various methods.
sustainability initiatives we have transitioned to solely using low sulphur fuel oil lsfo of 0.50% across all our ships and fleet and 0.1% low sulphur marine gas oil lsmgo in emission control areas ecas . this reduces emissions of co, hc, nox, and sox, helping prevent negative environmental impacts like acid rain.
this ensures all our bulker fleets use fuel with a maximum sulphur content of 0.50%, maintaining compliance with international regulations.
emissions reporting our emission reporting aligns with european union eu monitoring, reporting, and verification mrv regulations.
the plan includes co2 emissions, fuel consumption, distance traveled, time at sea, and cargo carried per voyage.
upon satisfactory verification, a certificate of compliance coc is issued, and the verified emissions report is submitted to the commission.
we plan to further improve our understanding of fuel consumption and co2 emissions.
certifications obtained as a testament to our dedication to reducing our environmental impact and managing our energy usage, we continue to be certified against the following: international air pollution prevention “iapp” international oil pollution prevention “iopp” international engine efficiency “iee” international sewage pollution prevention “ispp” international anti-fouling “iaf” system nitrogen oxide compliance our performance and looking forward in 2022, our fleet comprising 18 handysize and supramax bulker carriers operated over a span of 2,726.31 days.
from 1 january 2023, it is mandatory for all ships to calculate their attained energy efficiency existing ship index “eexi” to measure their energy efficiency and initiate the collection of data for the reporting of their annual operational carbon intensity indicator “cii” and cii rating.
all of uni-asia's vessels have attained the eexi and submitted the technical file and onboard management manual “omm” for approval, including a ship operational carbon intensity plan in accordance with the regulation.
additionally, to take steps to enhance our reporting on the cii, our ship energy efficiency management plan “seemp” iii has been approved.
the seemp iii is a ship-specific document that lays out our strategic improvement plan to reach our cii and therefore enhance the vessel's operational energy efficiency.
energy consumption in fy2022 in our property investment in-japan business segment, we saw a 39.8% increase in energy consumption to 1.51 million mega joules, compared to fy2021.
therefore, there was an increased consumption of energy with increased usage of the gym facilities.
in fy2022, we expanded our reporting scope to include energy consumption across our corporate offices in singapore and hong kong.
with the expansion of scope and energy consumption increase in our property investment in-japan, our overall energy consumption for fy2022 has seen an increase from the previous years.
total fuel consumption mt'000 a bar chart showing total fuel consumption broken down by fuel type lsfo, lsmgo, hsfo, mdo for fy2020, fy2021, and fy2022.
i lsfo: low sulfur fuel oil ii lsmgo: low sulfur marine gas oil iii hsfo: high sulfur fuel oil iv mdo: marine diesel oil ¹ fuel consumption includes charterer's consumption sgx & gri 305-1 to 305-3: greenhouse gas absolute emissions scope 1 does not include refrigerants sgx & gri 305-4: greenhouse gas emissions intensities greenhouse gas intensity ratios : scope 1 intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/$united states dollar'000 revenue , fy2020: 0.02, fy2021: 0.01, fy2022: 0.03 : scope 2 intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/$united states dollar'000 revenue , fy2020: 0.002, fy2021: 0.002, fy2022: 0.001 : total emissions intensity measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/$united states dollar'000 revenue , fy2020: 0.02, fy2021: 0.01, fy2022: 0.03 : change from baseline year 2020 , fy2020: na, fy2021: 39 %, fy2022: 54% table end.
gri 302-1: energy consumption within the organisation table: energy consumption by category category: fuel consumption megajoules , property investment in-japan: 1,099,260, shipping: 2,586,172, total: 3,685,432 category: purpose of fuel usage , property investment in-japan: food service/hot water supply at obi hostel & fitness, shipping: fuel consumption for vessel fleets, total: - category: electricity consumption megajoules , property investment in-japan: 406,173, shipping: 178,358, total: 584,531 table end.
all the fuel we use is non-renewable.
there is no heating, cooling or steam consumption in uni-asia.
gri 302-3: energy intensity table: energy consumption and intensity fy2020-fy2022 year: fy2020³, total energy consumption megajoules : 1,529,352, energy intensity megajoules/us$’000 revenue : 33.3, change from baseline year 2020 : na year: fy2021⁴, total energy consumption megajoules : 1,795,013, energy intensity megajoules/us$’000 revenue : 25.9, change from baseline year 2020 : 22 % year: fy2022², total energy consumption megajoules : 4,269,963, energy intensity megajoules/us$’000 revenue : 49.6, change from baseline year 2020 : 49% table end.
notes: ²energy intensity includes fuel, energy and electricity consumption from property investment in japan and shipping.
denominator used is fy2022 revenue: united states dollar86,136,000 ³to garner a more accurate reflection of our energy consumption, we have excluded our charterer’ fuel consumption which resulted in a revision of data.
⁴to garner a more accurate reflection of our energy consumption, we have excluded our charterer’ fuel consumption which resulted in a revision of data.
water management why this is material water is a globally scarce resource, but it is necessary for humans and eco-systems to thrive.
under the singapore green plan 2030, it aims to reduce water consumption.
uni-asia aims to consciously practice responsible water management and consumption.
the group implements water management measures and water conservation initiatives to spearhead resource stewardship.
our management approach as an asset manager of properties and ships, our business operations do not rely largely on water consumption.
we track water-related data that is material to our operations, primarily from our shipping business units that use surface water.
our water consumption and usage across our shipping operations mainly include purchased drinking water at ports for crew consumption.
other utilizations of seawater cleaning, washing, showering, ballast water operations are managed under our "biodiversity" chapter.
to reduce the amount of portable water, we have water generators onboard that desalinate seawater for daily crew consumption.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 our performance and looking forward in fy2021, we started to report and measure our water consumption values across our shipping segment using 2020 as a baseline.
in fy2022, we also started to track our water consumption for our property investment in-japan business segment.
as operations began to pick up after the covid-19 pandemic, our consumption of water also increased, seeing a 64% increase in water consumption in our maritime services.
moving forward, we hope to achieve a year-on-year decrease in water consumption as we strive towards managing our environmental impacts and water consumption.
notes: fresh water consumption.
denominator used for water intensity is annual revenue.
gri 303-3: water discharge table: water discharge fy2022 water type: sea water, shipping mega volume in litres : 185,310 water type: produced water, shipping mega volume in litres : 355 water type: third-party water, shipping mega volume in litres : 4,361 water type: total , shipping mega volume in litres : 190,026 table end.
waste management why it is material waste is a pressing concern to uni-asia as we strive to minimise our known negative environmental impacts.
if waste is left unaddressed, it could have detrimental impacts on our ecosystems and possible result in irreparable environmental damage.
as such, having proper waste management and disposal procedures is crucial.
an accidental discharge of waste from a ship can damage ocean habitat, contaminate food chains or harm marine life.
in fy2022, through the refresh materiality assessment, we have determined waste management as an issue that is material to uni-asia.
in line with the gri 2021 materiality assessment, we identified the impacts of the waste of our business activities were material and does impact the environment, society and economy.
uni-asia remains cognisant of its waste footprint and will continue to enhance our initiatives, measures, and policies to minimise our impacts on the environment.
as such, moving forward we will begin to keep track of our waste and the impacts it has due to our business activities.
our management approach our commitment to limit our waste footprint largely revolves around the prevention of spills of oil and chemicals into the natural environment from our vessel operations.
our environmental management system "ems" team regularly holds meetings and checks to discuss the progress of our initiatives and policies.
as we aim to minimize our paper waste, we strive to reduce paper usage and materials by developing and making use of digital resources in our businesses.
in fy2022, we are gradually progressing towards a digital transformation while working with our business partners and internal resources for a smooth transition.
our initiatives prevention of operational pollution in efforts to prevent operational pollution in our shipping operations, we ensure strict adherence to all relevant international guidelines and regulations.
this includes the imo's international convention for the prevention of pollution from ships “marpol” , which covers the prevention of marine pollution resulting from accidental or operational processes by ships.
as such, we integrate numerous measures into our operations that include the installation and maintenance of oily water separating equipment and filtering systems, sewage treatment and discharge, garbage disposal, and various operational matters that focus on minimizing our impact on the environment.
the group continues to attain the international oil pollution prevention, international sewage pollution prevention, and international anti-fouling system certificates in our fleet of vessels, which highlights our commitment towards managing our environmental waste and damage of our vessel operations.
we also conduct refresher training programs on waste management and the marpol regulations for our employees on shore and on board.
these training programs will help to...
managing hazardous waste onboard in the management of hazardous waste, uni-asia strongly abides by the eu ship recycling regulation “srr” , the inventory of hazardous materials “ihm” , and the hong kong convention for the safe and environmentally sound recycling of ships.
the hong kong convention aims to ensure the safe and environmentally sound recycling of ships without unnecessary risk to human health and the environment.
uni-asia's participation ensures proper waste management throughout the lifecycle of its ships.
garbage management plan uni-asia manages waste production and resource use through supply chain circularity.
uni-asia also encourages vendors to provide environmentally friendly packaging.
our performance and looking forward initiatives and measures are in place to manage waste and operational pollution.
future initiatives will include collecting data on paper use, printer cartridges, and waste landed ashore annually for incineration . key performance indicators kpis will be set for the ratio of sludge generated to bunker consumed.
gri 306-3 & 306-5: total non-hazardous waste generated and directed at disposal table: non-hazardous waste disposal operations disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : 2.55 disposal operations: incineration without energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : 69.70 disposal operations: landfilling, weight of waste metric tons : 190.34 disposal operations: others, weight of waste metric tons : 301.88 disposal operations: total , weight of waste metric tons : 564.47 table end.
\ all waste directed to disposal was sent to an offsite incineration facility without energy recovery.
gri 306-3 & 306-5: total hazardous waste generated and directed at disposal table: hazardous waste disposal operations disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : – disposal operations: incineration without energy recovery , weight of waste metric tons : 122.03 disposal operations: landfilling, weight of waste metric tons : 57.26 disposal operations: others, weight of waste metric tons : 87.71 disposal operations: total , weight of waste metric tons : 267.00 table end.
\ all waste directed to disposal was sent to an offsite incineration facility without energy recovery.
impacts on biodiversity include collisions, oil spills, discharge of hazardous waste, exhaust emissions and physical damage to habitats.
in spite of that, we are cognisant of the hazards posed by an oil pollution on the marine ecosystem in the event of fuel leakage arising from collision or grounding incident of our vessels.
the maritime services team is in-charge of managing uni-asia's oil spill and marine pollution prevention from our vessels and ensures that uni-asia aligns with stringent oil spills legislations.
our maritime services team regularly holds meetings to report on the performance of our vessels in this regard and to ensure the group has implemented the necessary policies and measures to limit negative environmental impacts and compliance with pertinent environmental laws and regulations internationally and in our regional operational waters.
our initiatives ballast water treatment system “bwts” and management in alignment with the imo's international convention for the control and management of ship's ballast water and sediments, we have taken steps to ensure the use of ballast water in uni-asia's vessels are adequately managed.
having the bwts in place is crucial for uni-asia as we are conscious of the negative environmental impacts that result from the use of ballast water.
water that is stored in ballast tanks of vessels helps to provide stability, manoeuvrability, and improved propulsion during voyage.
however, although ballast water is essential for safe and efficient modern shipping operations, it poses negative ecological, economic and health problems due to the multitude of marine species carried in ships' ballast water.
these include marine species, bacteria, microbes, small invertebrates, eggs, cysts, and larvae of various species in the ocean.
the transferred species may be introduced in an environment where it may become invasive to the existing habitat, out-competing native specifies and multiplying into pest proportions.
therefore, we have taken active steps to mitigate the negative impacts on the environment of our ballast water usage.
ballast water management and anti-biofouling practices fy2022 in fy2022, 82% of our vessels achieved us coast guard “uscg” approved bwts retrofitting, and this year we completed the retrofitting of all vessels with bwts.
anti-biofouling management another measure to minimize our shipping operations' impact on biodiversity is anti-biofouling management.
anti-fouling paints coat the bottom of vessels to prevent sealife algae and mollusks from attaching to the hull.
prevention of oil spill pollution oil spills leave a detrimental impact on the marine biodiversity and ecosystem.
in the prevention of oil spill pollution, we have implemented numerous initiatives ensuring our operations do not cause harmful impacts on the marine ecosystem.
these include collision avoidance through training onboard deck officers on safe navigation aligned with the convention on the international regulations for preventing collisions at sea 1972 “colregs” . this training includes topics such as: proper look-out during voyage operation vessels at safe speeds obeying traffic scheme taking actions to avoid collision by 'giving way' remaining particularly watchful when operating vessels with lessened visibility we have further included shore-based training and computer-based training onboard on environmental best practices.
onboard deck officers and crew are also provided with education and instructions for onboard familiarisation to ensure they are well-equipped to handle any incidents.
our oil pollution drills are conducted more frequently, every two months on board vessels and in various scenarios to ensure deck officers and the crew are kept updated and well informed of the procedures necessary in case of an oil spill.
there is also an environmental ems checklist to verify the status of overflow alarms, seals, and purifiers.
we further equip our vessels with mandatory liability insurance certificates, in accordance with the international bunker convention and us opa 90. our deck officers are also trained on the use of electronic chart display and information system "ecdis" that helps the crew to pinpoint locations and attain directions.
ecdis eases the uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 navigator's workload and safety measures the company utilizes ecdis electronic chart display and information system to reduce the navigator's workload through automatic features such as route planning, route monitoring, automatic eta estimated time of arrival computation, and electronic nautical charts enc updates.
ship oil pollution emergency plan sopep uni-asia's vessels are equipped with a sopep, providing guidance to officers on board regarding steps to take during oil pollution incidents.
the sopep is reviewed annually by the maritime services team and internal audit to ensure its relevance and up-to-dateness.
the company aims to enhance and strengthen its measures, initiatives, and actions to prevent further damage to the marine ecosystem.
environmental compliance: why it matters compliance with international, regional, and national legislation and regulations forms the foundation of uni-asia's business operations.
strict adherence to these regulations helps manage the environmental, societal, and economic impacts of shipping and property investments.
this approach builds trust among stakeholders, creates a credible brand reputation, and improves cost efficiency.
it allows the company to aim for better performance on esg environmental, social, and governance fronts.
our management approach uni-asia is committed to full compliance with its current ems environmental management system framework.
this includes adherence to regulations such as the imo international maritime organization preliminary strategy for greenhouse gas reduction of ships and the international convention on the control and management of ships' ballast water and sediments.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 management of ships' ballast water and sediments, marpol anti-pollution convention, and municipal ordinances management of ships' ballast water and sediments, marpol anti-pollution convention as well as environment-related municipal ordinances, and other municipal ordinances related to global warming.
our performance and looking forward in fy2022, there were no incidents of non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations.
moving forward, we continue to implement measures and the necessary precautions to ensure we maintain zero incidents of non-compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulators.
social performance occupational health and safety "ohs" why it is material as a ship vessel owner and property investment company, uni-asia is committed to maintaining occupational health and safety standards.
given the hazards and risks both on-board and onshore crew may be exposed to, such as safety risks, occupational health and safety is a key material topic for any shipping company.
operating in these industries that exposes our employees to numerous health and safety risks, we secure the wellbeing of our employees and ensure safe working conditions by identifying, managing, and mitigating health and safety hazards.
in doing so, we are able to translate uni-asia's business and sustainability ambitions into economic success and positive impacts, through the limiting of occupational risks detriment to our workforce.
our management approach uni-asia manages occupational health and safety through the implementation of a wide variety of guides, training, processes, programs, and benefits that helps to inculcate a safe working environment for our employees.
these entail group-wide initiatives and policies, plans and programmes in our different regions and countries of operation.
our initiatives health and safety of our vessel crew as a means to minimize the health and safety hazards for our shipping crew, we have adhered to international standards and taken on measures which include providing insurance by the international transport workers' federation “itf” for the welfare, health, and safety of our crew.
we also utilize the international group p&i club to provide 24/7 medical support to employees working at sea.
our vessels additionally leverage top classification societies such as classnk, lr and rina on vessel maintenance to help safeguard life and property at sea.
another safety hazard at sea is the risk of piracy and navigation incidents.
as such, we frequently engage with the owners of our insurance company “p&i club” to perform risk assessment and evaluations to put in place the necessary precautions for our crew onboard.
to enforce and oversee the health and safety measures amongst our crew, we have assigned a crew member as a health & safety “h&s” officer onboard.
the h&s officer is responsible for ensuring safety measures follow the standard ship safety procedures.
this would include the monthly engine and fire safety drills onboard our ships which help to strengthen the readiness and safety of our crew members in time of hazard.
promoting wellbeing amongst our staff at our offices, to ensure our employees and staff have a conducive and comfortable working environment, we have replaced our office chairs that were in poor conditions and provided laptop stands for our employees.
our staff were able to choose the laptop model stand that best fits them.
since the covid-19 pandemic, we have implemented “flexi time working hour” in our hong kong and singapore offices, allowing staff to work from home or report to office at a different starting time.
in fy2022, we continued with a flexible working arrangement as it was encouraged by the government to allow workers to work from home to reduce the flow of people and social contact in the community.
this further helps to slow down the spread of viruses and allow for greater flexibility for our staff.
our performance and looking forward in fy2022, our maritime services recorded one fatality and two injuries.
the fatality and injuries were incurred by the ship crew and were controlled by the third-party charterer, not uni-asia.
uni-asia prioritizes ohs and implemented additional training and ohs measures to mitigate further risks and hazards.
our property investment business units recorded zero work-related injuries and fatalities, and zero fatalities due to work-related ill-health.
moving forward, we aim for zero fatalities and injuries.
diversity and inclusion why it is material a diverse and inclusive workplace is crucial for fostering diversity, equal opportunity, and inclusion.
promoting equal opportunity through training and career progression programs helps bolster employee abilities and attract and retain talent.
uni-asia aims to provide equal opportunities to all employees by supporting career progression and eliminating hiring bias.
our management approach to develop employee skills, the human resources department "hr" organizes relevant training and disseminates information.
for example, excel and presentation skills training was offered, with 29 employees attending excel training and 28 attending presentation skills training.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 employee training and development in our singapore office, uni-asia's respective department heads frequently review training programs.
in accordance with our group policy, uni-asia obtains employee feedback and suggestions for our training programs, as well as personal career growth evaluations to ensure they remain relevant and up-to-date.
we leverage various methods to obtain employee feedback, including using our personnel evaluation systems, conducting annual interviews, evaluating employee performance, and setting future career goals.
our initiatives: training a cornerstone of ensuring equal opportunity is through our training programs.
we continuously invest in career progression and training programs to upskill our employees and enable them to reach their full potential.
for our shipping segment, in 2022, our staff participated in more than 19 different seminars and webinars organized by leading ship operators, shipping consultants, reputable law firms, and an international bank.
furthermore, to enhance shipping knowledge, we completed a three-day online dry cargo chartering course organized by the institute of sea transport and sponsored by the hong kong government.
with the easing of pandemic restrictions, we were able to continue in-person networking sessions and seminars, including those organized by marine money and marsoft to upgrade professional effectiveness.
sustainability report fy2022 employee training and development in our property investment in-japan business segment, we also conducted safety trainings twice for two of our new employees.
targeted at identifying new training and development needs of our employees, we have tasked the supervisors of our employees to gather training feedback from every one of our staff through our annual interview session.
we actively involve our staff in webinars conducted over the duration of the pandemic, and they are now better equipped with knowledge on covid-19 prevention and subsequent response procedures.
in these training programs, port state control detention cases and their affiliated risk factors from other ship owners are brought to our staff's attention for crew education and guidance.
understanding the benefits of a board with wide diversity, this policy ensures uni-asia has a board that is characterized by a broad range of views arising from different professional experiences, skills, knowledge, gender, nationality, cultural and educational backgrounds when discussing business.
overseeing this policy is our nominating committee who reviews the board diversity policy as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.
our performance and moving forward this year, we allocated more resources to increase the average training hours of training per employee across all our operations and business units.
we also began to track the training hours of training per employee of our shipping business units.
the increase in resources allocated allowed us to include additional training programmes that helped to enhance and strengthen our employees’ skillsets and abilities to better serve our stakeholders and clients such as the two training programmes for excel and presentation skills organised by the hr.
group training budget in usthousands of singapore dollars table: group training budget year: fy2021, budget usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 year: fy2022, budget usthousands of singapore dollars : 34, increase % : 79% table end.
the group training budget has increased from fy2021 at united states dollar19k to united states dollar34k in fy2022, which is a 78.9% increase.
our training budget in hong kong has also increased from united states dollar5k to united states dollar10k, which is a 100% increase.
likewise in singapore, our training budget increased from united states dollar8k to united states dollar18k.
looking forward, we aim to continue to enhance our training and upskilling programmes.
we aim to increase our average number of training hours of training per employee per employee.
in addition, uni-asia also aims to cultivate an equitable and inclusive workforce, giving equal opportunity to all our employees regardless of gender, race, or age.
the chart shows the distribution of employees by age and gender.
gri 2-8: workers who are not employees category: total number , description: 1 category: most common type of worker , description: dispatched worker category: contractual relationship with organisation , description: contract is made with a company that dispatches the worker category: type of work performed , description: administration table end.
local communities why it is material uni-asia comprehends the importance of giving back to the community, enforcing corporate citizenry and being a socially responsible organisation.
whilst focusing on our main business activities, we hope to leave a positive impact on our local communities through our philanthropic means.
our management approach uni-asia has continued our efforts to care for the communities in the locations of our operations.
our sustainability working committee also regularly seeks our other business opportunities and corporate social responsibility “csr” initiatives for us to create a positive impact on the society.
our initiatives and looking forward in 2019, we engaged in a private finance initiative “pfi” project with wako city, saitama prefecture, with the aim to build a public use facility that includes a children’s centre, a healthcare facility, a public swimming pool and a spa.
in december 2021, the facility officially opened where the uacj-led consortium will operate the facility for 20 years.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 the wako city project the wako city project demonstrates the group's commitment to good corporate citizenship and sustainable business practices, and our belief in creating shared value and improving the impact of its businesses on society.
investment fund for group homes fy2021 in fy2021, uacj established an investment fund to invest in group homes for persons with disabilities pwd . these group homes provide daytime support.
governance performance: ethics and anti-corruption why it is material the trust of our stakeholders and shareholders is paramount to uni-asia.
we prioritize good corporate governance through ethical business practices and anti-corruption policies.
we comply with all relevant legislation and policies, ensuring full transparency and accountability.
we enforce this through our anti-corruption policies and code of conduct, consistently executed within our organization and with our business partners globally.
it stipulates the anti-corruption and bribery policies and measures that uni-asia has, as well as the procedures the group has for conflicts of interest.
whistle-blowing policy to maintain a high standard of corporate governance and transparency, our whistleblowing policy provides a system for our employees to raise pertinent issues regarding possible misconduct, breaches in compliance, inappropriate behaviour, or unethical practices, whilst affording them protection against reprisal.
our audit committee manages our whistle-blowing policy and is responsible for the oversight and monitoring of the policy.
if an in-depth sustainability report fy2022 investigation process the audit committee will establish and designate an independent function to investigate reported matters.
this function may include management, internal audit, or a committee/panel established by the audit committee.
be referred to the external audit.
form the subject of an independent inquiry or disciplinary process.
all uni-asia employees and new hires receive training on the code of conduct, anti-corruption, and bribery.
to comply with japan's law on prevention of organized crime, an anti-social forces checklist is prepared for japanese clients before transactions with new clients or in the following fiscal year after the previous checklist was completed for existing clients.
additionally, we aim to include anti-corruption training in fy2023.
responsible procurement why it is material through our shipping and property investment operations and purchasing decisions, we have an impact on social, environment and economic conditions in our industry and global supply chains.
uni-asia currently has in place know-your-customer "kyc" and negative publicity checks on our charterers and business partners.
we plan to establish and enhance our responsible procurement policies and initiatives in supplier environmental and social assessment in the subsequent years.
additionally, decarbonising the maritime and real estate sectors would be pivotal to the net-zero transition.
uni-asia group limited sustainability report fy2022 climate-related financial disclosures tcfd this financial year, uni-asia commences its journey in aligning with the task force on climate-related financial disclosures “tcfd” . using 2021 as the baseline year, we will assess the potential impacts, risks, and opportunities on uni-asia from the climate scenario analysis.
we will subsequently integrate the findings and results of the climate risk assessment and scenario analysis into our overall sustainability approach and investment strategies.
gri content index fy2022 table: gri content index gri standard: 306-2, disclosure: management of significant waste-related impacts, page number and/or url: 29, 30 gri standard: 306-3, disclosure: waste generated, page number and/or url: 31 gri standard: 306-4, disclosure: waste diverted from disposal, page number and/or url: 31 gri standard: 306-5, disclosure: waste directed to disposal, page number and/or url: 31 gri standard: occupational safety and health gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018 gri standard: 403-1, disclosure: occupational health and safety management system, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-2, disclosure: hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-3, disclosure: occupational health services, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-4, disclosure: worker participation, consultation and communication on occupational health and safety, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-5, disclosure: worker training on occupational health and safety, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-6, disclosure: promotion of worker health, page number and/or url: 37 gri standard: 403-7, disclosure: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships, page number and/or url: 37, 38 gri standard: 403-8, disclosure: workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system, page number and/or url: 38 gri standard: 403-9, disclosure: work-related injuries, page number and/or url: 38 gri standard: 403-10, disclosure: work-related ill health, page number and/or url: 38 gri standard: diversity and equal opportunity gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 38, 39 gri standard: gri 401: employment 2016 gri standard: 401-1, disclosure: new employee hires and employee turnover, page number and/or url: 42, 43 gri standard: gri 404: training and education 2016 gri standard: 404-1, disclosure: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, page number and/or url: 44 gri standard: 404-2, disclosure: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, page number and/or url: 39, 40 gri standard: gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 gri standard: 405-1, disclosure: diversity of governance bodies and employees, page number and/or url: 20 gri standard: 405-2, disclosure: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, page number and/or url: 20 gri standard: gri 406: non-discrimination 2016 gri standard: 406-1, disclosure: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken, page number and/or url: 20 gri standard: local communities gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: management of material topics, page number and/or url: 45 gri standard: gri 413: local communities 2016 gri standard: 413-1, disclosure: operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs, page number and/or url: 45, 46 table end.
notes : uni-asia currently has no waste diverted from disposal but aims to identify recycling opportunities for the near future.
zero incidents of discrimination.
all our full-time employees are covered by our occupational health and safety management system.
appendix 2: sgx core metrics environmental table: environmental metrics and page numbers topic: greenhouse gas emissions greenhouse gas , metric: absolute emissions by: a total; b scope 1, scope 2; and c scope 3, if appropriate, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, page number: 26 metric: emission intensities by: a total; b scope 1, scope 2; and c scope 3, if appropriate, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes/organisation specific metrics, page number: 26 topic: energy consumption, metric: total energy consumption, unit: mwhs or gigajoules, page number: 26 metric: energy consumption intensity, unit: mwhs or gigajoules/organisation specific metrics, page number: 26, 27 topic: water consumption, metric: total water consumption, unit: ml or cubic meters, page number: 28 metric: water consumption intensity, unit: ml or cubic meters/organisation specific metrics, page number: 28 topic: waste generation, metric: total waste generated, unit: tonnes, page number: 31 table end.
of employees, page number: 44 metric: average training hours of training per employee per employee by gender, unit: hours/no.
of employees, page number: 44 topic: occupational health & safety, metric: fatalities, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 metric: high-consequence injuries, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 metric: recordable injuries, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 metric: recordable work-related ill health cases, unit: number of cases, page number: 38 table end.
