the artwork depicts the scene of reconstruction work to advance a nation despite the uncertain future.
this is a reflection of the fast development of our home region, where uob strives to build a brighter future for the people and businesses in asean.
as the leading patron of the arts in asia, uob believes in the vital role of art in connecting communities.
chairman's statement “the board reaffirms its commitment to uoi being a premier insurer in the asia pacific region and to investing in talent and technology to transform for the future.” introduction the title of the painting on the cover of this year's annual report is "build and rebuild”.
in the last few years, the world has gone through an intense period of change.
we also welcomed our first female director on 1 january 2024, adding gender diversity to our board.
since its founding in 1971, uoi has been growing prudently and steadily, riding on the development of singapore.
the commitment to disciplined growth is still deeply-rooted in uoi today as we embark on our next chapter to build the future.
the board reaffirms its commitment to uoi being a premier insurer in the asia pacific region and to investing in talent and technology to transform for the future.
despite these headwinds, asean's prospects remained positive, supported by its strong fundamentals, including a young population, a dynamic labour force and rising foreign direct investments.
we also invested in our greatest asset, our people.
we refreshed our leadership team with a good mix of new and existing talents.
best known for being a visionary banker with a sharp business acumen, he saw the opportunity to start a local insurance company while the market was still largely dominated by foreign insurers.
together with mr hwang soo jin, dr wee led uoi from its humble beginnings to being the only homegrown general insurer listed on the mainboard of the sgx-st.
dr wee's legacy of integrity, discipline, hard work, and service will live on in uoi.
we are grateful for his many years of dedicated service and wish him a happy retirement.
he is also a director of singapore reinsurance corporation and sits on its executive, audit, nominating, remuneration and investment committees.
he has also held academic positions in monash university and carnegie mellon university.
professor ho is actively involved in community work and serves on the boards of several not-for-profit organisations.
mr chng is actively involved in community and social work, and serves in a number of community and not-for-profit organisations.
he was also a member of its executive committee, which is responsible for the overall oversight of the authority.
at a time when the local insurance industry was largely dominated and controlled by foreign insurers, dr wee saw a need for more local participation in the local general insurance market.
these important qualities continue to guide uoi in the business.
dr wee believed in the importance of education and giving back to the community.
he was founding president of the singapore federation of chinese clan associations sfcca from 1985 to 2010. he also headed the singapore hokkien huay kuan from 1972 to 2010. he was a firm believer in the value of education and contributed to schools and multiple education initiatives.
dr wee's passing was met by an outpouring of tributes.
thousands of people paid their respects to dr wee at his wake.
these include employees, clients, business associates, as well as government, community, and business leaders.
on 7 february 2024, hundreds of uob group employees and the public gathered at the uob plaza atrium to bid a final farewell to dr wee, as his cortege arrived for a brief memorial.
as a mark of respect, the attendees observed a minute of silence during the memorial.
dr wee received many accolades over his career, including the distinguished service order, one of singapore's highest national day awards, asean business advisory council legacy award for singapore, and honorary degrees of doctor of letters from the national university of singapore and nanyang technological university.
we invested in our core capabilities that will enable our next phase of growth and started to strengthen our digitalisation competencies to ensure operational efficiency and productivity, while meeting the expectations of our customers and stakeholders.
we upgraded our customer care centre to improve our customer touchpoints and remain committed to strengthening the customer centricity across the customer value chain to improve the overall experience for our customers.
we were joined by new colleagues to strengthen our skillsets in line with our strategic goals, while continuing to upskill our existing colleagues.
caring for the community uoi employees and their families once again rallied together in support of the 2023 uob global heartbeat run/walk which raised more than $2.5m for 26 charities around the world, highlighting the collective commitment to create positive change in asean.
we enabled team integration through social activities, our annual dinner and csr activities to ensure our culture of community remains at the foundation of uoi.
we invested in training and development for our senior management team to embed the leadership soft skills that will support our future growth plans, and partnered with the digital insurer to provide specialist subject training to teams across the company.
community engagement and volunteering we participated in various community-based activities throughout 2023, focusing on supporting singapore's next generation.
we collaborated with organizations such as children's wishing well to empower children with essential life skills, including financial literacy and nutrition, through activities like grocery shopping.
we also conducted digital literacy workshops with eden school, specifically designed to equip children with special needs with digital skills, fostering their development and providing them with tools for a more inclusive future.
our volunteering efforts expanded to include a beach cleanup at east coast park, where directors and colleagues participated to give back to the communities we serve.
these initiatives demonstrate our holistic approach to giving back, emphasizing not only financial support but also practical and sustainable contributions.
caption: employees participating in a community-based activity.
caption: children engaged in a digital literacy workshop.
united overseas insurance limited incorporated in singapore 31 december 2023 governance 17: corporate governance 37: sustainability 68: risk management 16 uoi annual report 2023 corporate governance introduction built upon our values of honourable, enterprising, united and committed and supported by the strong leadership of our board and management, united overseas insurance limited uoi or the company is fully committed to upholding high standards of corporate governance.
we also provide a summary disclosure on our compliance with the mas guidelines on pages 35 and 36. board matters board duties directors are fiduciaries who act objectively in the best interests of the company.
our board is responsible for: providing entrepreneurial leadership, approving and overseeing the implementation of the company’s strategic direction and overall business objectives; approving business plans, annual budgets, capital and debt structures, material investments, acquisitions and disposals; setting the tone from the top, desired organisational culture, standards of ethical behaviour and values of the company, and ensuring accountability; promoting a strong system of risk management and internal controls; determining the overall risk profile and appetite; approving financial statements; overseeing management’s performance; establishing a remuneration framework for key management personnel, which is consistent with the company’s long-term strategic objectives and does not create incentives for excessive risk-taking; establishing a remuneration framework for our board; considering sustainability issues, and overseeing the monitoring and management of the material environmental, social and governance esg factors; performing succession planning for our board and management; and promoting regular and effective communications with shareholders and overseeing relationships with material stakeholders.
matters requiring board approval the key matters requiring our board’s approval are set out in its terms of reference and communicated to management in writing.
he stepped down as the chairman of the audit and risk committee arc, formerly the audit committee and remained as a member of the arc.
the mix of veterans and newer colleagues has ignited a renewed sense of purpose and energy within the company.
in february 2024, our board accepted the nc's recommendation that the audit committee be renamed as the audit and risk committee in recognition of its contributions in assisting our board in overseeing risk management matters.
annually, our board reviews the written terms of reference of the respective board committees to ensure that they remain relevant and appropriate.
the minutes and summary reports of all board committee meetings are circulated to all directors except where there is a conflict of interests.
minutes of the meetings are circulated to our board except where there is a conflict of interests.
in such situations, the relevant sections of the minutes of meeting are redacted for the conflicted director s . minutes of all meetings and written resolutions, in particular records of discussions on key deliberations and decisions taken, are maintained by the company.
in appropriate situations, directors may also be consulted ahead of the meetings to ensure a more directed discussion during meetings.
between meetings, management updates directors and seeks their counsel on significant developments.
access to information, management and company secretary directors have separate, independent and unfettered access to information, management, the internal and external auditors and external advisers where necessary . comprehensive reports on the company's operations and financial position are given to directors in advance and on an ongoing basis, with ample time for them to prepare for meetings and to enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities.
board composition and directors chairman and chief executive officer to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of our board for independent decision-making, our chairman and our ceo are separate persons.
mr wee ee cheong, our chairman, leads our board and ensures its effectiveness.
he sets the agenda for and chairs all board and general meetings, ensures timely and comprehensive information is given to directors to make informed decisions, and promotes open and candid discussions.
he also upholds high standards of corporate governance and encourages constructive dialogue with shareholders at general meetings.
he provides guidance and leadership to key management personnel, oversees the company’s operations and ensures that the company operates effectively within its risk appetite and system of risk management and internal controls.
nominating committee please refer to page 24 for the composition of our nc.
the main responsibilities of our nc are: assessing the independence of directors; recommending the appointment and re-election of directors; reviewing the size and composition of our board and board committees; assessing the performance of our board, board committees and each director, including recommending the process and criteria for evaluation; establishing and maintaining a board diversity policy that suits the company and meets the requirements under the prevailing relevant regulations and guidelines; implementing a programme for the continuous development of our directors; reviewing the nominations and reasons for resignations of our key management personnel; performing succession planning for our directors, our ceo and other key management personnel; and appraising the performance of our ceo.
the main activities of our nc are set out on pages 22 to 25. corporate governance board independence when assessing the independence of each director, our nc is guided by the criteria in the insurance regulations, the sgx-st listing rules and the mas guidelines.
in addition to the regulatory requirements, our nc also takes into account the director's conduct and contributions during and outside meetings.
account is also taken of the director's other appointments, relationships with the company's management and self-assessment on matters relating to his independence, fitness and propriety.
our nc's assessment of the independence status of our directors and the bases of its assessment are as follows: mr wee ee cheong: a non-independent director.
the independent directors have demonstrated independence in conduct, character and judgement in their participation at board meetings and on occasions outside board meetings.
in addition, our nc reviews the performance of each director every year.
our nc has determined that all directors remain fit and proper for office.
board diversity our board diversity policy sets out the company's approach and framework for ensuring diversity of our board.
our nc reviews our board's size, composition and skill sets regularly to ensure it has the appropriate mix and balance of skills, experience, independence and knowledge, and that, collectively, the expertise of our directors is appropriate having regard to the strategies and aspirations of the company and developments in the markets in which the company operates.
our board is also of the view that it is sufficiently diverse to meet the needs of the company, and to ensure the effective oversight of the company's affairs.
our nc recommends workload distribution among directors, considering their expertise and time availability.
his duties included monitoring the financial and operational performance of various business units.
corporate governance nominating committee three members: mr chng hwee hong chairman , mr wee ee cheong and mr chua kim leng.
our nc was further satisfied that our board and board committees remain effective.
at the end of each year, each director performs a confidential self-assessment and an assessment of the work performed by our board and board committees by completing questionnaires prepared under the guidance of our nc.
directors are required to declare their fitness and propriety based on the mas guidelines on fit and proper criteria, which include factors such as their qualification for office, honesty, integrity and reputation, competency and capability, and financial soundness.
the evaluation process is designed to maintain the confidentiality of the directors and encourage open and honest feedback.
our nc is of the view that it is not necessary to engage an external facilitator for the assessment as all directors are able to speak freely and respond candidly throughout the process.
our nc is therefore satisfied that each director remains fit and proper and qualified for office.
this process ensures that our nc chairman has the opportunity to make enquiries about any potential conflict of interest and the time commitment of the proposed new appointment, if necessary.
the guidelines differentiate between directors with and without full-time employment.
our nc will refer to our board diversity policy in its assessment of the suitability of candidates.
in 2023, the in-house training included market outlook, impact of the new accounting standard for insurance contracts and sustainability topics.
candidates with the appropriate competencies and possess the aptitude will receive training on the job, and be mentored and exposed to job rotation, where appropriate.
our nc monitors the progress made in grooming these talents and building a succession pipeline.
corporate governance remuneration committee the composition of our rc can be found on page 24. our rc's main responsibilities are to: review and recommend a remuneration framework and policy that are in line with the company's strategic objectives, corporate values and prudent risk-taking; determine the level and structure of remuneration that are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance of and value creation by the company and to promote the long-term success of the company; and review and recommend all aspects of remuneration terms, including termination terms of key management personnel including the ceo and executive officers as it may consider appropriate.
assisted by wtw, the company benchmarked employee compensation against relevant comparable local and regional organisations.
to ensure salaries are appropriate and proportionate to performance, they are benchmarked against comparable roles in the insurance industry.
governance corporate governance our board has accepted our rc's recommendation and agreed that the company's current remuneration philosophy and framework remain relevant and appropriate.
it receives the full cooperation of all employees, management, the internal auditor and the external auditor to discharge its functions.
it meets with the internal and external auditors every quarter, in each case, without the presence of management.
management and the external and internal auditors provided regular updates to the arc, which in turn reported to the board, on the progress made.
the arc also assesses the effectiveness, knowledge and competence of the external auditor.
in performing its assessment, the arc is guided by three evaluation guides: guidance to audit committees on evaluation of quality of work performed by external auditors acra/sgx, dated july 2010 guidance to audit committees on acra's audit quality indicators disclosure framework revised in january 2020 guidebook for audit committees in singapore mas/acra/sgx-st, dated august 2014 the external auditor is also required to perform a self-assessment based on the criteria used or recommended in the evaluation guides.
having satisfied itself that our external auditor was independent, objective and effective in its audit of the company in 2023, the arc has recommended ernst & young llp for reappointment at the forthcoming agm.
governance corporate governance our arc was satisfied that the kam was appropriately addressed in the company's financial statements.
it: evaluates the reliability, adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls and risk management processes by assessing if business and risk management units are operating according to the risk appetite framework, keeping pace with industry trends and are aligned with market practices; reviews the internal controls of the company to ensure prompt and accurate recording of transactions and proper safeguarding of assets; ensures that recommendations raised in internal audit reports are dealt with in a timely manner, with outstanding exceptions or recommendations closely monitored and reported to the arc; and reviews whether the company complies with laws and regulations and adheres to established policies, and whether management is taking the appropriate steps to address control deficiencies.
the internal auditor develops its audit workplan independently after meeting with management.
the final audit plan, together with information on the personnel involved in the audit, is reviewed and approved by the arc annually.
the arc may also request the internal auditor to assist in the review of specific topics, such as whistle-blowing cases.
the arc ensures that management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.
all directors attend general meetings of shareholders, and the external auditor is also present to address shareholders' questions about the conduct of audit and the preparation and contents of the auditor's report.
shareholders may attend and vote at general meetings in person or by proxy.
corporate governance the company currently does not implement voting in absentia by mail or electronic means as our board is of the opinion that authentication of shareholder identity, errors, fraud and other related security and integrity issues are still a concern.
particulars of our communications and engagement efforts with our stakeholders can be found in the sustainability report and the uoi website.
material contracts save as disclosed on sgxnet or in this report, no material contract involving the interest of the ceo, any director or controlling shareholder of uoi has been entered into by the company since the end of the previous financial year, and no such contract subsisted as at 31 december 2023. ethical standards code of conduct we have a written code of conduct which lays down the principles of personal and professional integrity and behaviour expected of all our employees.
corporate governance employees are required to familiarize themselves with the code of conduct when they join the company and whenever the code of conduct is revised.
our commitment to sustainability established in 1971, uoi has been providing insurance products and services for more than 50 years.
through prudent management of this mutual fund, uoi plays a critical role in risk transfer for the insured, supports economic activities, contributes to government revenues through taxation, creates employment opportunities, and provides essential funding for investments and corporate finance.
uoi has also been instrumental in the establishment of several key singaporean institutions, such as the national crime prevention council, national fire and civil emergency preparedness council, general insurance association of singapore gia , insurance ombudsman committee and the asean insurance council.
it also incorporates references to the taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd recommendations and adheres to the mas guidelines on erm for insurers.
reporting principles in preparing this report, we have adhered to the gri principles of reporting, which include accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, completeness, sustainability context, timeliness and verifiability.
esg performance summary esg factors environmental factor: electricity consumption, unit: kilowatt-hours, 2023: 496,252, 2022: 471,723, 2021: 330,936 factor: energy intensity per employee , unit: kilowatt-hours, 2023: 4,315, 2022: 4,717, 2021: 3,277 factor: co₂ emissions - scope 2, unit: tonnes of co2, 2023: 207, 2022: 197, 2021: 135 factor: co₂ emissions intensity - scope 2 per employee , unit: tonnes of co2, 2023: 1.80, 2022: 1.97, 2021: 1.34 factor: office paper use, unit: kilograms, 2023: 12,053, 2022: 13,695, 2021: 13,469 factor: office paper use intensity per employee , unit: kilograms, 2023: 105, 2022: 137, 2021: 133 factor: non-hazardous waste, unit: kilograms, 2023: 4,039, 2022: 5,250, 2021: 10,898 factor: non-hazardous waste intensity per employee , unit: kilograms, 2023: 35, 2022: 53, 2021: 108 factor: hazardous waste e-waste , unit: kilograms, 2023: 18, 2022: na, 2021: na factor: hazardous waste recycled e-waste , unit: %, 2023: 100%, 2022: na, 2021: na table end.
note: energy and emissions refer to purchased electricity.
social employees factor: total number of employees, unit: number, 2023: 115, 2022: 100, 2021: 101 factor: new hires, unit: number, 2023: 39, 2022: 23, 2021: 13 factor: female employees, unit: %, 2023: 79, 2022: 86, 2021: 81 factor: female managers and supervisors, unit: %, 2023: 76, 2022: 85, 2021: 82 factor: female department heads, unit: %, 2023: 75, 2022: 57, 2021: 38 factor: average hours of training per employee of training per employee, unit: hours, 2023: 24, 2022: 33, 2021: 20 factor: annual employee turnover rate, unit: %, 2023: 14, 2022: 12, 2021: 12 table end.
customers factor: incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information, unit: number, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 table end.
esg performance summary esg factors governance governance factor: incidents of corruption, unit: number, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 governance factor: incidents of customer privacy breach, unit: number, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 governance factor: incidents of regulatory non-compliance, unit: number, 2023: 0, 2022: 0, 2021: 0 governance factor: compliance with the insurance corporate governance regulations insurance cg regulations , unit: na, 2023: ✓, 2022: ✓, 2021: ✓ governance factor: compliance with the listing rules of the singapore exchange securities trading limited sgx-st , unit: na, 2023: ✓, 2022: ✓, 2021: ✓ governance factor: compliance with all material aspects of the guidelines on corporate governance for financial holding companies, banks, direct insurers, reinsurers and captive insurers which are incorporated in singapore mas guidelines issued by the monetary authority of singapore mas in 2021, unit: na, 2023: ✓, 2022: ✓, 2021: ✓ governance factor: compliance with the mas on erm for insurers guidelines, unit: na, 2023: ✓, 2022: ✓, 2021: ✓ governance factor: compliance with the code of corporate governance 2018 issued in 2018 2018 code , unit: na, 2023: ✓, 2022: ✓, 2021: ✓ table end.
board statement at uoi, the board is committed to building a sustainable and resilient business.
in developing and reviewing business strategy, it considers material sustainability topics.
the board maintains effective oversight of the management and monitoring of these material esg issues, as presented in our sustainability reporting.
recognising the significant impact of climate change on the global insurance business, the board acknowledges that the insurance sector must effectively assess and manage climate-related risks and opportunities.
at uoi, the board oversees these climate-related risks and opportunities.
the mc's broader sustainability mandate includes the development and implementation of an environmental risk management framework, along with policies, tools, and metrics to manage climate-related risks and opportunities.
the mc is tasked with reviewing and assessing the sustainability context, material esg factors, environmental and climate-related risks, and determining the content and scope of the report and topics for disclosure.
sustainability management at uoi, several senior executive committees have crucial roles in integrating sustainability strategies across the organisation.
the increasing significance of environmental and climate-related risks have highlighted a new risk class that needs to be considered when we underwrite policies.
sustainability strategy over the past 50 years, uoi has established itself as a reputable and trusted provider of insurance solutions in singapore.
as a leader in the local general insurance market, we have integrated sustainability into our governance and strategy, underscoring our commitment to generating sustainable economic value over the long term.
at the heart of uoi's operations and stakeholder engagements are our values: honourable, enterprising, united and committed.
we aim to deliver consistently outstanding client experiences, through our commitment to high ethical standards, integrity, professionalism, transparency and good governance.
we address our material esg impacts, risks and opportunities by fostering a culture of compliance, embracing fair dealing practices, safeguarding personal data and customer privacy, and tailoring our insurance solutions to the evolving needs of our customers.
the key developments and ongoing esg trends that have the potential to influence our activities in the future are: 1. climate change climate change stands as one of the most pivotal challenges of the 21st century, with altering weather patterns and rising sea levels posing threats globally.
in its sixth assessment report ar6 in 2021, the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc highlighted the significant impact of human-induced climate change on various weather and climate extremes, including heatwaves, heavy rainfall, droughts, and tropical cyclones.
in its synthesis report of the sixth assessment report released in march 2023 the ipcc stressed the urgency of immediate and substantial reductions in greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions to limit global warming, underscoring that achieving targets like avoiding global warming of 1.5°c which requires transformative changes across various sectors.
given the urgency of climate-related threats, it is imperative for businesses, including those in the insurance sector, to actively respond to climate-related risks and opportunities to safeguard their long-term financial stability.
the insurance industry worldwide has incurred billions of dollars in losses due to severe weather events exacerbated by climate change.
consequently, it is vital for insurers to develop effective methodologies, tools, and metrics to manage climate change risks.
to assess and communicate climate-related risks and opportunities, we are progressively adopting the tcfd recommendations.
included in this report is our tcfd report, which elaborates on how we are tackling climate-related issues that are significant to our business.
2. technological disruption the covid-19 pandemic accelerated the digitalization of economies and businesses, making remote work a necessity for millions during lockdowns and shifting consumers towards e-commerce.
in addition, we have established a project management office that drives initiatives related to digitalization and are closely monitoring other technological advancements, such as big data analytics and fintech, to maintain our relevance in this changing landscape.
our response strong governance uoi has a tradition of strong corporate governance, where policies and actions are steered by high standards of professionalism, ethics, integrity, transparency, and governance, which are crucial for the company's long-term sustainability.
governance sustainability the board provides strategic direction and guidance, monitors financial performance, sets company values and standards, and guides the management in its implementation of business plans and projects.
it has guided management in establishing comprehensive systems of controls and procedures.
it appoints the internal auditors and recommends the appointment of the external auditors.
management remains committed to regularly updating our environmental risk management framework, methodically assessing and managing uoi's environmental risk exposures in alignment with the board's policies.
we maintain a vigilant approach in monitoring risk accumulation and the sustainability of uoi's value chain, including our reinsurers.
we also invest in ongoing training of our people to build a digitally-savvy workforce.
we are also attentive to rapid technological advancements and their implications for risk assessment and underwriting.
the building features energy- and water-efficient systems, such as an upgraded cooling system, energy-saving led lighting and water-efficient fixtures.
page 42 of uoi annual report 2023 our stakeholders listening attentively to our stakeholders is at the core of our sustainability and business approach.
we maintain ongoing engagement with a diverse array of stakeholders to gain insights into their needs, concerns, and expectations.
these insights help to develop suitable insurance plans and solutions for our customers.
insights gained from stakeholder interactions play a crucial role in our materiality assessment and guiding our communications relating to esg matters.
our approach centers on active listening and constructive stakeholder dialogues, fostering a trusted environment for meaningful conversations.
table: stakeholder engagement overview our stakeholders: customers, what they expect: adequate cover affordable premiums clarity in policy terms and conditions fast claim settlements respect and fair treatment products tailored to their needs, how we engage: product brochures and communications web portal customer services through the sales process through the claims process hotline for uoi customers, how we respond: customer-centric business approach hiring of skilled personnel adherence to industry code of practice adherence to our code of conduct behavioural service standards for employees product training for employees and sales personnel product development that aligns with customers' needs product review committee to assess all new products niche products to cater to customers' needs annual review of agents to ensure their suitability in serving our customers table end.
sustainability: stakeholder engagement our stakeholders : employees , what they expect : conducive work environment trust and respect job satisfaction skills training career advancement work-life balance job security safe workplace fair remuneration and benefits, how we engage : communication tools and regular meetings team bonding activities and events performance appraisal internal employee survey regular workplace safety assessments, how we respond : compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including workplace safety and health act employment policies and practices that promote inclusivity, diversity, fair treatment, safe working conditions, reward and recognition for performance, teamwork, work-life balance, and career growth flexi-work arrangements annual training plan table end.
community what they expect: good corporate citizenship, how we engage: various community outreach activities, how we respond: organise community and employee volunteer programmes and participate in our parent company's uob programmes what they expect: support for social causes, how we respond: support for national green policies and measures table end.
membership of associations uoi is a member of the following industry and insurance sector associations, and actively participates in various activities conducted by these associations, including holding leadership positions when called upon: gia singapore national employers federation singapore business federation materiality we focus on esg factors that are deemed material to our business and key stakeholders.
our materiality review encompasses human rights aspects and other potential esg impacts, risks, and opportunities in our various business relationships, including interactions with employees, customers, regulators, business partners and local communities.
our materiality assessment also encompasses broader sustainability trends, the sdgs, emerging esg risks, opportunities within the insurance sector, and regulatory developments.
additionally, our report addresses material climate-related issues in line with the tcfd recommendations and the mas erm guidelines for insurers.
we also incorporate input from our internal stakeholders and external sustainability consultant to develop the list of material esg factors.
review and approval of material topics by the board.
these include energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions in our direct operations and our contribution to local communities.
un sustainable development goals we remain committed to making a positive contribution to sustainable development.
to explore developing solutions that support climate change mitigation., stakeholders interested in the topic: investors, relevant sdgs: table end.
material esg topics and approach material esg topics: talent management , impact description: the impact occurs within our organisation through the professional development of our people and through building an inclusive workplace., our approach: to attract, develop and retain talent., stakeholders interested in the topic: employees, relevant sdgs: 8 material esg topics: building a risk-focused organisation culture , impact description: the impact occurs within our organisation through building risk management skills and capabilities., our approach: to build a risk-focused organisation through ongoing training on risk management., stakeholders interested in the topic: employees, relevant sdgs: 16 table end.
marketplace at uoi, we focus on enhancing customer experience, ensuring that we offer an exceptional value to our clients.
driven by our long-standing values, we consistently work to sustain our reputation as a responsible and pioneering player in the general insurance sector in singapore.
in all our interactions and commitments with customers and stakeholders, we adhere to the utmost ethical and professional standards.
our insurance operations client satisfaction at uoi, our organisational culture is deeply rooted in client satisfaction, and we take great pride in placing clients at the heart of all our operations.
we train our employees to listen actively to and gather client feedback, enhancing our understanding of their insurance needs.
a dedicated task force at uoi regularly evaluates and implements initiatives aimed at achieving excellence in customer service.
we ensure that our offerings provide the right coverage levels and affordable premiums to meet our clients’ needs.
our range of mandatory insurance products, including motor insurance, foreign worker insurance, and work injury compensation, are competitively priced to assist clients in fulfilling their legal requirements.
we are committed to ensuring that our advertising, promotional materials, and product information are transparent, straightforward and easily understood.
our agents are trained to clearly communicate with our clients.
free look period client confidence in their insurance choices is paramount for us.
it offers a safety net, providing financial payouts to the business in cases of accidental death or permanent disability of the owners.
by consolidating services and processes onto a secure digital platform, we aim to expedite processing, lower operational costs, and reduce our direct environmental impact.
we envisage that emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, data analytics, and the internet of things will play an integral role in reshaping the insurance sector.
utilising big data, for instance, empowers us to create customised and personalised insurance solutions that cater specifically to our clients' needs.
reducing environmental impact: our digitalisation drive continues to help us reduce our paper consumption for insurance proposals, processing, approvals, renewals, and billing significantly, thereby positively impacting the environment.
this transition has not only improved our customer engagement but also substantially reduced our paper consumption, aligning with our environmental sustainability goals.
developing a technology-savvy workforce: as we integrate more digital solutions and processes, it has become more crucial to enhance the technological proficiency of our workforce to fully harness the benefits of digitalisation.
we have initiated digital training and ongoing skills development for our employees in critical areas such as marketing, underwriting, and claims servicing in a digital operating environment.
we have a strict zero-tolerance policy against breaches of applicable laws, ensuring full compliance with all applicable law and regulations.
we use opportunities to collaborate with regulatory bodies like the mas, reinforcing the resilience of the sector.
the rmcc oversees all aspects of regulatory compliance.
increasing compliance awareness: training our employees in regulatory compliance is a fundamental aspect of our corporate governance.
our employees undergo annual training on various regulatory compliance topics, including insider trading, market misconduct, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, banking secrecy, computer misuse and cybersecurity, and fair dealing.
our business practices anti-corruption: uoi rigorously upholds a policy of zero tolerance of fraud, bribery, corruption, and money laundering.
we adhere to anti-bribery laws, guided by our code of conduct, which is binding on all employees and directors.
our policy unequivocally forbids any act of offering, accepting, authorising, or facilitating bribes by our employees.
ongoing annual target : to maintain zero breaches of anti-corruption laws and regulations., 2023 performance : no incidents or cases of corruption.
funded by all motor insurers in the country, its central aim is to provide compensation to road users for bodily injuries resulting from accidents involving untraced or uninsured motorists.
customer privacy and data security as we progress in digitalising our services and processes, the importance of data privacy and personal data security becomes increasingly significant.
our approach to supplier relationships at uoi, we are committed to maintaining fair and ethical relationships with our suppliers and partners.
people as a service provider, our workforce is our most important asset.
our team of skilled professionals offers a rich mix of experience, expertise, and knowledge.
over the years, we have developed a culture that values teamwork, collaboration, and empowering our employees.
our employees’ commitment drives our strong business performance, our ability to innovate, our pursuit of excellence and commitment to constantly improving customer experience.
our human resource policies focus on cultivating a skilled, engaged, committed, and high-performing workforce.
we empower our staff to serve our customers effectively and encourage them to excel in their daily tasks.
we aim to create a caring and collaborative team culture, emphasising diversity, inclusion, engagement, mutual respect, teamwork, meritocracy, and employee wellbeing.
as at the end of 2023, uoi employed 115 people, 98 per cent of whom were full-time staff while part-time employees accounted for the remaining 2 per cent.
additionally, 11 non-employee workers were deployed at our workplace.
provided by third-party agencies, these workers included cleaners, security guards and facilities personnel.
the average age of our employees was 50, many of whom were long-serving staff.
governance sustainability workplace diversity and inclusion we are committed to cultural harmony at the workplace and recognise the strength in diversity.
operating in a multiethnic and multicultural market, we strive to mirror this diversity within our workforce.
our recruitment practices are centred around attracting individuals who align with our company's values, vision, and culture based on merit and qualification.
as a signatory of the employers' pledge of fair employment practices, we uphold the principles set out by the tripartite alliance for fair and progressive employment practices.
this alliance, a collaborative effort by the ministry of manpower mom , the national trades union congress, and the singapore national employers federation, advocates for fair, responsible, and progressive employment practices.
we prohibit any form of discrimination based on race, gender, age, religion, sexual orientation, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.
our commitment to diversity and inclusion is evident in our workforce composition.
in 2023, we rehired 14 retiring employees, including 13 women, demonstrating our commitment to maintaining a balanced and inclusive work environment.
we are committed to offering continuous personal and professional development opportunities to our employees throughout their tenure with us.
our talent management approaches include ongoing employee engagement and seeking feedback.
we conduct exit interviews with all outgoing employees to learn about their experience at uoi and areas for improvement.
the insights gained from these interviews are instrumental in reviewing and refining our hr policies, ensuring we maintain a healthy working environment for our employees.
hiring rate for male and female employees were 79 per cent and 27 per cent respectively.
hiring rate by age group was as follows: less than 30 years 114 per cent , 30-50 years 91 per cent and more than 50 years 2 per cent . to evaluate our performance in talent retention, we compare our employee turnover rates with the national averages in the insurance sector, as reported by the department of manpower research and statistics under mom.
in 2023, 15 employees comprising 3 men and 12 women, left uoi.
material topic: talent management ongoing annual target: to achieve a staff turnover rate which is lower than the national insurance sector turnover rates., 2023 performance: uoi: 14 per cent insurance sector national average¹: 18 per cent ongoing annual target: to refresh training programs for all full-time and contract staff on relevant topics and achieve a 100 per cent passing rate., 2023 performance: training programmes for all relevant topics have been refreshed for all full-time and contract staff on relevant topics.
ongoing annual target: to ensure 100 per cent fulfilment of training hours of training per employee for front-end operatives within the calendar year., 2023 performance: achieved 100 per cent fulfilment of training hours of training per employee for feos within the calendar year.
we take pride in having a stable workforce at uoi.
developing people we emphasise the importance of continuous learning and development for our employees' personal and professional growth.
providing ongoing training opportunities is crucial for cultivating a skilled and motivated workforce that is fit for the future.
we ensure our employees have access to learning opportunities that enhance their skills and knowledge to effectively meet the needs of our customers and stakeholders.
in 2023, our employees participated in regular in-house briefings, training, and workshops on 54 diverse topics.
these sessions were led by our experienced underwriters and claims handlers and included key areas such as digitalisation, cybersecurity, and risk management.
additionally, our senior executives attended a sustainability workshop to learn about new reporting trends, frameworks and to review uoi's material esg impacts, risks and opportunities.
as part of continuing professional development, our employees in front-end operations feos are required to meet the minimum training requirement mandated by mas.
in 2023, our feos completed 100% of the required training.
this dialogue aims to help employees achieve their personal development goals while aligning with uoi's business objectives.
all permanent employees undergo regular performance and career development reviews.
additionally, we conduct performance feedback dialogues semi-annually, with formal appraisals at the end of the year.
in 2023, all eligible permanent employees participated in the performance appraisal process.
parental leave at uoi, we support work-life balance.
table: parental leave statistics 2022 & 2023 metric: number of employees entitled to parental leave, 2023 male: 9, 2023 female: 15, 2023 total: 24, 2022 male: 3, 2022 female: 8, 2022 total: 11 metric: number of employees who took parental leave, 2023 male: 9, 2023 female: 15, 2023 total: 24, 2022 male: 3, 2022 female: 8, 2022 total: 11 metric: number of employees due to return to work after taking parental leave, 2023 male: 8, 2023 female: 15, 2023 total: 23, 2022 male: 3, 2022 female: 8, 2022 total: 11 metric: number of employees who returned to work after parental leave ended, 2023 male: 8, 2023 female: 15, 2023 total: 23, 2022 male: 3, 2022 female: 8, 2022 total: 11 metric: total number of employees who returned to work after parental leave and who were still employed 12 months after their return to work, 2023 male: 2, 2023 female: 4, 2023 total: 6, 2022 male: na, 2022 female: na, 2022 total: na metric: return to work rate, 2023 male: 100%, 2023 female: 100%, 2023 total: 100%, 2022 male: 100%, 2022 female: 100%, 2022 total: 100% metric: retention rate, 2023 male: 67%, 2023 female: 50%, 2023 total: 55%, 2022 male: na, 2022 female: na, 2022 total: na table end.
total number of employees by gender year: 2021, male: 19, female: 82 year: 2022, male: 14, female: 86 year: 2023, male: 24, female: 91 table end.
gender diversity by employee category – 2023 employee category: senior management, male: 25%, female: 75% employee category: middle management, male: 30%, female: 70% employee category: executives, male: 21%, female: 79% employee category: non-executive, male: 14%, female: 86% table end.
age diversity by employee category employee category: senior management, less than 30 years: 37%, 30-50 years: 63% employee category: middle management, less than 30 years: 48%, 30-50 years: 52% employee category: executives, less than 30 years: 5%, 30-50 years: 56%, more than 50 years: 39% employee category: non-executive, less than 30 years: 6%, 30-50 years: 24%, more than 50 years: 70% table end.
gender diversity: hods year: 2021, male: 62%, female: 38% year: 2022, male: 43%, female: 57% year: 2023, male: 25%, female: 75% table end.
gender diversity: managers and supervisors year: 2021, male: 18%, female: 82% year: 2022, male: 15%, female: 85% year: 2023, male: 24%, female: 76% table end.
citizenship - 2023 citizenship: citizens, percentage: 89% citizenship: permanent residents, percentage: 2% citizenship: foreigners, percentage: 9% table end.
new hires new hires by gender new hiring by age group average training hours by management category average training hours per employee by gender employee turnover by gender annual employee turnover employee turnover by age table: new hires year: 2021, new hires: 13 year: 2022, new hires: 23 year: 2023, new hires: 39 table end.
table: new hires by gender year: 2021, male % : 31, female % : 69 year: 2022, male % : 4, female % : 96 year: 2023, male % : 38, female % : 62 table end.
table: average training hours per employee by gender year: 2021, male: 17, female: 21 year: 2022, male: 34, female: 39 year: 2023, male: 24, female: 24 table end.
table: employee turnover by gender year: 2021, male % : 16, female % : 11 year: 2022, male % : 24, female % : 10 year: 2023, male % : 16, female % : 23 table end.
governance sustainability risk-focused organisational culture a robust risk culture, emphasizing risk awareness, discipline, and risk-control values, is vital for a general insurance business.
this framework, setting out risk tolerance and operational limits, is reviewed every year.
employee health and wellbeing the safety, health, and wellbeing of our employees have always been integral to our operations.
post-covid-19, most employees have returned to the office.
our focus and approach to employee safety, health, and wellbeing has not changed.
with increased human interactions at the workplace, we strive to provide a clean and safe working environment for our employees' peace of mind.
at the same time, we recognize our duty to support the mental well-being of our employees as they continue to navigate increasingly digital and remote communication methods.
we introduced lunch time talks to share tips on health and well-being, and to inculcate the need for our employees to care for themselves by eating right and exercising regularly.
employee relations building and maintaining the trust of all employees is essential for a healthy and productive workplace culture.
we are committed to supporting our employees' lawful rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining.
since 2004, uoi has actively engaged with the singapore insurance employees' union, marking the beginning of our collaboration with the signing of our first collective bargaining agreement.
this agreement, which is reviewed and revised every three years, addresses employment benefits for bargainable employees, who make up approximately 32 per cent of uoi's workforce.
throughout the years, uoi's relationship with the union has been characterized by regular engagement and constructive dialogue.
we are proud to maintain a positive working relationship with the union, a collaboration that has been free from dispute over labour issues.
environment we understand that it is important for all businesses, including ours, to take care of the environment.
at uoi, we are committed to running our business in a way that reduces harmful effects on the environment and supports activities that have a positive impact on the environment.
even though our direct operations do not have a big impact on the environment, we strive to use less energy, water and paper.
reducing our overall resource consumption our direct environmental impact comes primarily from the electricity and paper we use in our workplace.
we have taken steps to manage these resources better, including raising employee awareness, to keep our environmental footprint as small as possible.
our office building is equipped with energy and water-efficient features, such as an upgraded cooling system and energy-efficient lighting to save electricity and water.
our ongoing digitalisation programme is helping us reduce paper use by transitioning more to digital forms and documents.
we offer our customers the option to receive their travel insurance policy documents electronically to save paper.
we monitor and report paper consumption, including copier paper, envelopes, policy jackets, and letterheads.
in 2023, our paper usage from these items decreased by 12 per cent compared to 2022 13,695 kilograms . for more details, please refer to the charts on paper use.
in 2023, we continued to see a reduction in waste generated compared to the previous year by 23 per cent.
climate change climate change is already having a profound effect on the frequency and severity of extreme weather events around the world, such as droughts, floods, heatwaves and rising sea levels.
in its latest report, ar6 synthesis report², issued in march 2023, the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc , highlights that climate change poses a significant risk to human well-being and the health of our planet.
it emphasizes a rapidly narrowing opportunity to ensure a future that is both liveable and sustainable for everyone.
according to the report, the solution lies in climate resilient development which involves integrating measures to adapt to climate change with actions to reduce or avoid greenhouse gas emissions in ways that provide wider benefits.
the potential impact of climate change holds significant consequences for the insurance sector, resulting in increased claims and indirect exposure through investment activities.
it is increasingly vital for insurance companies to comprehend and address the various risks associated with climate change, including physical, liability, and transitional risks.
in the context of singapore, where uoi's main office is located, the city-state's small and low-lying geography makes it particularly susceptible to the effects of climate change.
according to the centre for climate research singapore, projections indicate that by the end of this century, singapore could face a rise in daily mean temperature ranging from 1.4 to 4.6 degrees celsius and a sea-level increase of up to one meter by 2100. in response, the singapore government launched the singapore green plan 2030 in 2021. this 10-year initiative sets out specific plans and goals for mitigating and adapting to climate change risks, aimed at transforming singapore into a low-carbon city-state and reducing national greenhouse gas emissions.
climate risks uoi has been working toward enhancing its understanding of climate-related risks and opportunities taking the mas erm guidelines and tcfd recommendations into consideration.
2 synthesis report of the ipcc sixth assessment report ar6 : https://report.ipcc.ch/ar6syr/pdf/ipcc ar6 syr longerreport.pdf tcfd report governance at uoi, our governance structure for dealing with climate issues includes the board, the management committee mc , and other key executive bodies.
the mc, under the board's guidance, is tasked with the implementation of environmental risk management initiatives.
this committee is additionally responsible for the development and implementation of an environmental risk management framework.
this includes developing policies, tools, and metrics to manage climate-related risks and opportunities.
it conducts regular reviews of these risks and opportunities, ensuring that the board is informed about significant developments.
the mc reviews and assesses the environmental and climate-related risks and determines the report content, scope and topics for reporting.
the increasing significance of environmental and climate-related risks has instigated a new risk class that needs to be considered in our underwriting policies and procedures.
strategy and risk management uoi treats environmental risk as the fifth risk dimension with its own risk tolerance framework.
as guided by our risk tolerance statement we target to maintain minimal exposure to environmental risks in our insurance operations and investment activities.
responsible investment environmental risk is an essential factor in our investment decision-making, especially in relation to esg considerations.
uobam, which supports the unpri, uses a range of tools, such as sustainability ratings, to assess companies’ performance in esg areas.
this policy involves engaging in conversations with companies, participating actively in shareholder meetings, and voting on key issues.
uobam’s teams across the region use their local knowledge to conduct these important discussions and make informed investment choices for sustainable investments.
uobam is also investing in building environmental data sets and working with others to build its own tools.
these efforts are aimed at understanding the carbon footprint of our investments and evaluating the environmental and change-related risks companies face.
our ic at uoi oversees how much our investment portfolio is exposed to sectors that are at high risk for environmental issues.
sustainable insurance uoi is committed to supporting the insurance needs of industries and projects which aim at reducing environmental impacts and promoting positive social changes.
some of the examples of uoi’s sustainability-oriented insurance solutions are described below.
uoi collaborates with reinsurance partners to support uob esg proposals in the asean region, contributing to net zero carbon goals.
this coverage underscores uoi’s commitment to supporting renewable energy sources and their integration into the urban landscape.
in the building construction sector, uoi offers insurance coverage for construction projects of uob clients that employ prefabrication methods.
prefabricated buildings are constructed using eco-friendly materials, making them a sustainable building choice.
table: investment-related climate metrics fy2021-fy2023 indicators: equity assets indicators: emission exposure scope 1 & 2 , unit: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2023: 4,843, fy2022: 814, fy2021: 1,058 indicators: carbon footprint, unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent per million singapore dollars invested, fy2023: 49, fy2022: 17.9, fy2021: 10.6 indicators: weighted average carbon intensity, unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent per million singapore dollars revenue, fy2023: 174, fy2022: 59.2, fy2021: 47.2 indicators: emissions data coverage, unit: %, fy2023: 100, fy2022: 98.2, fy2021: 100 indicators: fixed income assets indicators: emission exposure scope 1 & 2 , unit: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2023: 57,876, fy2022: 66,565, fy2021: 48,197 indicators: carbon footprint, unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent per million singapore dollars invested, fy2023: 349, fy2022: 368.1, fy2021: 251.7 indicators: weighted average carbon intensity, unit: total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent per million singapore dollars revenue, fy2023: 644, fy2022: 648.5, fy2021: 582.1 indicators: emissions data coverage, unit: %, fy2023: 69, fy2022: 67.3, fy2021: 71.1 table end.
uoi annual report 2023 uoi operational environmental impacts summary electricity consumption kilowatt-hours year: 2021, consumption kilowatt-hours : 330,936 year: 2022, consumption kilowatt-hours : 471,723 year: 2023, consumption kilowatt-hours : 496,252 table end.
energy intensity kilowatt-hours per employee year: 2021, intensity kilowatt-hours/employee : 3,277 year: 2022, intensity kilowatt-hours/employee : 4,717 year: 2023, intensity kilowatt-hours/employee : 4,315 table end.
carbon dioxide emissions tonnes of co2 year: 2021, emissions tonnes of co2 : 135 year: 2022, emissions tonnes of co2 : 197 year: 2023, emissions tonnes of co2 : 207 table end.
carbon emission intensity tonnes of co2 emission per employee year: 2021, intensity tonnes of co2/employee : 1.34 year: 2022, intensity tonnes of co2/employee : 1.97 year: 2023, intensity tonnes of co2/employee : 1.80 table end.
office paper use kilograms year: 2021, paper use kilograms : 13,469 year: 2022, paper use kilograms : 13,695 year: 2023, paper use kilograms : 12,053 table end.
general waste kilograms year: 2021, waste kilograms : 10,898 year: 2022, waste kilograms : 5,250 year: 2023, waste kilograms : 4,039 table end.
waste per employee kilograms year: 2021, waste kilograms/employee : 108 year: 2022, waste kilograms/employee : 53 year: 2023, waste kilograms/employee : 35 table end.
governance sustainability society as an insurance provider, we play a vital role in supporting our customers, communities, and a wide range of stakeholders.
utilizing our expertise in general insurance, we protect businesses and individuals from unforeseen financial burdens.
our insurance plans are designed to offer risk-oriented solutions, enhancing societal resilience by giving people and companies peace of mind and safeguarding them against financial setbacks.
as risks evolve with climate change and technological advancements, our insurance plans are a reliable source for mitigating unexpected losses and disruptions.
our insurance products also encourage positive practices in areas like road, home, and workplace safety.
we provide significant insights and trends in claims to our commercial clients, aiding them in loss prevention and reduction.
this not only helps them to choose the most appropriate insurance products but also benefits the wider community.
our business model contributes to the local economy by creating direct and indirect employment opportunities.
together with our ecosystem of agents, brokers, and other service providers, we create jobs in the entire spectrum of insurance activities.
additionally, our investment activities yield positive economic, social, and environmental outcomes.
our fund manager invests responsibly in businesses that meet specified esg criteria, reflecting our commitment to sustainability.
demographic change low birth rates, coupled with an increasingly ageing society in singapore, have a direct impact on the insurance sector.
this will increase to 70 years by 2030 4 . more seniors in the general population can lead to a higher demand for healthcare services and insurance while increasing numbers of seniors in the workplace could lead to an increase in occupational health and safety risks.
the demand for travel insurance could also increase as seniors are likely to spend more on lifestyle needs such as leisure travel.
as a general insurance provider, we tailor our products and solutions to suit the needs of the population, and as demographics shift, so do their needs.
we, therefore, need to monitor closely population trends to address demographic risks and opportunities in order to build a responsible and resilient business.
recent changes we have made to our policies in light of current demographic shifts include increasing the eligible enrolment age for our personal accident plans pa builder and accident care refund plan to 65 years up from 59 years , while our plans for seniors can now be renewed up to the age of 85 years instead of 70 years.
smes are crucial to singapore's economy, representing 99 per cent of all businesses, employing 71 per cent of the workforce, and contributing to nearly half of the nation's gdp, as reported by the singapore department of statistics.
footnotes: 3. https://www.singstat.gov.sg/publications/population/population-trends 4. https://www.mom.gov.sg/newsroom/press-releases/2021/1101-retirement-and-re-employment-amendment-bill-2021-and-cpf-amendment-bill-2021 community outreach at uoi, we are committed to supporting our local community and contributing through different social projects.
participating in community outreach not only boosts our employees' morale and engagement, but it strengthens our connection with the community.
volunteering in 2023, our employees participated in various outreach programs and clocked a total of 235 volunteer hours of training per employee.
uob global heartbeat run/walk in 2023, uoi employees participated in the global heartbeat virtual run/walk, an annual event organized by uob.
aligning with the bank's commitment to positively impact its communities, the raised funds were channeled through the community chest.
these funds support causes promoting inclusion for individuals with disabilities, special needs support, and educational advancement.
beneficiaries included the dyslexia association of singapore, extra.
ordinary people, rainbow centre, and president's challenge.
these organizations utilized the funds for educational and artistic programs.
by supporting initiatives in speech and language therapy, education, vocational training, and inclusive hiring, the contributions significantly improved the lives of disadvantaged children, enhancing their knowledge, skills, and resilience.
this fund supports various causes that foster greater inclusivity, especially for those with special needs, ensuring that no one is left behind.
collaborations with business partners we also supported the csr initiatives organized by our business partners.
our employees participated in the blood donation drive organized by aon in collaboration with the singapore red cross society.
uoi representatives attended the marsh world refugee day dinner to raise funds to support the jesuit mission and their humanitarian programs to uplift the lives of refugees in our region.
stakeholder engagement gri standard: gri 2-29, disclosure: approach to stakeholder engagement, location: 43-45 gri standard: gri 2-30, disclosure: collective bargaining agreements, location: 56 table end.
material topics: anti-corruption gri standard: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, location: 33-34, 46-47 gri standard: gri 205: anti-corruption 2016, disclosure: 205-2 communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, location: 25, 34, 50 disclosure: 205-3 confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, location: 51 table end.
governance risk management risk management is at the heart of insurance business.
these robust processes and systems are documented in uoi's enterprise risk management erm framework, which is approved by the board.
various committees, comprising managerial staff meet regularly to deliberate on matters relating to the key types of risks under their respective supervision.
it meets at least quarterly with the chief executive officer to chart, execute and monitor outcomes of the strategies.
it is also actively involved in mentoring our talents who show potential for leadership roles and aptitude for more complex work.
the risk management and compliance committee rmcc oversees all risk management, corporate governance and compliance issues affecting the company.
these issues may arise from regulatory authorities, industry associations, parent company, auditors and other relevant bodies, or due to changes in operating environment, innovation, technological advancement and climate change.
this safeguards not only the interest of our shareholders but also that of our customers and employees.
5. risk dimension - environmental the company strives to minimize its environmental footprint, largely by reducing its energy and paper consumption although its direct operational impact is negligible.
nevertheless, the company has developed policies and procedures to reduce its indirect environmental impact through its investment and underwriting activities.
operational risk the direct environmental impact is from electricity consumption and paper use in the company's operations.
the company has implemented measures, including employee awareness, to manage energy and paper consumption to keep its environmental footprint to a minimum.
auditor the arc has nominated ernst & young llp for reappointment as auditor of the company and ernst & young llp has expressed its willingness to be reappointed.
we are independent of the company in accordance with the accounting and corporate regulatory authority acra code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities acra code together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the acra code.
accordingly, we have identified this area as a key audit matter.
the directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the company’s financial reporting process.
we also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
the engagement partner on the audit responsible for this independent auditor's report is du xiaolin.
2.20.2. employees’ leave entitlement employees’ entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees.
