this enables us to align our strategies with what is important to them and for them to have a deeper appreciation of how we contribute to enterprise, innovation and economic growth across the region.
in aligning with the gri standards, we have applied the following reporting principles: accuracy; balance; clarity; comparability; completeness; sustainability context; timeliness; and verifiability.
it is fundamental to uob's corporate purpose and we want to be a responsible financial steward to help individuals, companies and communities build the future of asean.
forging our net zero future in 2022, we saw progress in climate action around the world as more countries and companies set targets to achieve net zero carbon emissions.
even as topics such as climate change and net zero take centre stage, global events have brought home the importance of issues including food and energy security, and supply chain resilience.
at uob, we have laid out a comprehensive roadmap for our net zero commitment and targets for six focus sectors in the energy and built environment ecosystems.
they also account for 60 per cent of our corporate lending portfolio and the majority of our scope 3 financed emissions.
we are also mindful that as we pursue decarbonisation, we need to ensure a just transition for continued socioeconomic growth in our region, given the diverse economic and social needs.
to these ends, we have adopted internationally-recognised regional pathways relevant to our key markets.
this will enable us to help drive an orderly and just transition so that lives and livelihoods can continue to improve, particularly in our home region.
driving growth sustainably it is critical that we support our customers in sustainable development.
in 2022, we launched the uob transition finance framework with the aim to help companies in carbon-intensive, hard-to-abate sectors with their transition plans.
we actively promote green and sustainability-linked finance to our corporate clients seeking growth opportunities.
we are well on track to achieve our sustainable finance portfolio target of $30 billion by 2025. small- and medium-sized enterprises smes are the bedrock of our economies, but they also need the most help in their sustainable transition.
to support them, we rolled out the uob sustainability compass to offer smes a customised, step-by-step guide on starting and advancing their sustainability journeys.
for individuals, we help uob evol cardholders to offset their household electricity carbon footprint when they charge their utilities bills to their credit card.
we also made progress in addressing climate-related risks and opportunities against our task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd adoption roadmap.
in this year's sustainability report, we have enhanced our disclosures on climate-related risks, including our improved stress testing modelling for physical and transition risks.
keeping customers at the centre the finlab, our innovation accelerator, continues to play its role to connect smes in the region to digital solution providers in areas such as business transformation and sustainability innovation.
the greentech accelerator, a global programme launched in 2022, helps address companies' environmental-related needs.
it also supports innovative greentech solution providers in terms of funding, advisory, mentorship and networking opportunities.
with customers' interests at the heart of all that we do, we focus on creating positive experiences for them.
deputy chairman and ceo's statement across the region, we introduced a new branch concept, wellness@uob, to engage customers through mental and physical wellness activities.
this is part of our ongoing branch transformation to provide personalized services focused on our customers' holistic wellness.
we resumed holding an in-person uob global heartbeat run/walk event in 2022. this annual flagship event, where our colleagues and their families, as well as our customers, come together to raise funds for the underprivileged, was well attended.
during the year, we clocked close to 45,000 hours of training per employee of volunteering and raised more than $9.2 million in monetary and in-kind contributions across the group.
developing professionals of principle we introduced the uob way in 2022 to strengthen our people culture and to build employee pride.
it embodies our people philosophy of care, growth, and trust, so our people feel included, recognized, and valued for their diverse strengths and contributions.
as part of expanding our talent pool to tap on a wider set of valuable skills and experience, our gig+u employment scheme supports retirees and women who have left the workforce to take on flexible work.
training and development are key to uob's care for our people's professional and personal growth.
in 2022, we launched the group technology and operations gto academy for our 5,000-strong gto workforce to be upskilled and certified.
it adds to our existing suite of functional academies and group-wide learning and development programmes that focus on building competencies for the future.
even as we recover from the pandemic, hybrid ways of working offer a dynamic work environment that supports work-life balance for our people.
as at the end of 2022, we have transformed a total of 790,000 area in square feet of office space into high-performance workplaces, where productivity, agility, and ergonomics are key to ensuring that our people can perform at their best.
upholding corporate responsibility at uob, strong risk management and business ethics are the building blocks on which we stand firm in our stewardship role to safeguard our customers' assets, to drive socioeconomic growth and to contribute to the well-being of the community and the environment.
we maintained operational carbon neutrality in 2022. this was a result of ongoing efforts to reduce energy consumption and to use renewable energy sources, supplemented by carbon offsets to address a small balance of our carbon emissions.
to deepen the awareness and competencies of our more than 28,000 colleagues, we rolled out a group-wide sustainability 101 training module, available in local languages in our key markets.
this will be followed by structured and tailored training based on the needs of different business and support units.
transformative change in sustainability can only take place when there are ambitious, coordinated, and collective efforts across all levels of government, economy, and society.
at uob, we want to create meaningful value and positive impact for the people around us, by working with our colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders.
i believe that we can, and we will, catalyse and enable change.
wee ee cheong deputy chairman and chief executive officer february 2023 our commitment to net zero asia, particularly southeast asia, is one of the areas most vulnerable to climate change.
as a leading financial institution operating in this region, uob is steadfast in being a positive force in the fight against climate change.
our commitment to net zero by 2050 is grounded in the need for a just transition that continues to support socioeconomic growth and improve energy access across the diverse economies in the region, in tandem with decarbonisation.
our commitment and targets as a start, we have covered two key carbon-emitting ecosystems, namely energy and the built environment.
these span six focus sectors that are material contributors to greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions regionally and account for about 60 per cent of uob's corporate lending portfolio.
in particular, oil, gas and coal, which are the supply of fossil fuels, are responsible for 73 per cent of direct emissions globally.
the power, automotive, real estate and steel sectors, through downstream usage of electricity, passenger cars, iron, steel and buildings, account for 67 per cent of emissions arising from fossil fuel combustion.
our targets in these sectors reflect our ambition to facilitate this change end to end.
energy power emissions baseline and targets kgco₂/megawatt-hours reduction target: -61% by 2030 2021 baseline: 365 ngfs remind regional automotive emissions baseline and targets grams of co2 per vehicle kilometer reduction target: -58% by 2030 2021 baseline: 128 iea nze global oil and gas no new project financing for upstream oil and gas projects approved for development after 2022 built environment real estate emissions baseline and targets kilograms of co₂ per square meter reduction target: -36% by 2030 2021 baseline: 87 crrem regional construction emissions baseline and targets tonnes of co2/$ million reduction target: -31% by 2030 2021 baseline: 25 ngfs gcam regional steel emissions baseline and targets total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co2 per metric ton reduction target: -20% by 2030 2021 baseline: 1.77 mpp tech moratorium global note on reference pathways: ngfs remind: network for greening the financial system's regional model of investment and model development iea nze: international energy agency's net zero emissions by 2050 crrem: carbon risk real estate monitor ngfs gcam: network for greening the financial system's global change assessment model mpp: mission possible partnership our commitment to net zero our principles for prioritising sectors 1. emissions materiality: focus on 'brown' sectors with highest greenhouse gas emissions and criticality for achieving climate goals 2. sector abatement horizon: focus on sectors with largest expected decline in greenhouse gas emissions in coming years 3. portfolio materiality: cover sectors representing a significant portion of uob's corporate loan book, where we have the greatest potential to effect change we are guided by the science in setting our net zero targets and have based our targets on internationally-recognised climate models.
our approach is in line with the guidance from the glasgow financial alliance for net zero gfanz on how financial institutions should set targets and use sectoral pathways in alignment with the paris agreement and the 1.5°c global warming trajectory outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change.
we have applied standards by the partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf to account for the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our financed portfolio.
our data selection priority is also in line with pcaf's guidance, with limited deviations where necessary to reflect the reality of emissions data availability.
our five-step approach to target-setting for our focus sectors, we: 1. calculated emissions at the company-level for each of our clients; 2. aggregated our clients' emissions to create a uob sector average weighted by our exposure to each of those clients; 3. projected those emissions, taking into account the company's plans, national commitments and possible technological developments; 4. established reference scenarios with a science-based pathway to net zero by 2050; and 5. set targets for 2030 and 2050 that bridge the gap between our projections and the reference scenario after quantifying the set of portfolio actions we will need to take.
table: emissions trajectory year: 2021 year: 2030 year: 2040 year: 2050 target table end.
the chart visually represents the emissions trajectory for an individual company, illustrative uob projected emissions, aggregated portfolio emissions, and an illustrative reference scenario from 2021 to 2050, highlighting the target for 2050. our commitment to net zero our decarbonisation commitment is contingent on: our clients achieving fully their decarbonisation strategies and transition plans.
industries evolving to meet full-stated government plans, such as the phase-out of internal combustion engine vehicles and the adoption of electric vehicles.
power grid decarbonisation occurring in line with national energy plans, which will have an impact on scope 2 emissions in other sectors, especially real estate.
as a commercial bank, we see our role as a catalyst and enabler to influence the real economy towards net zero.
we are embedding our net zero targets in our business strategies and operations as we actively engage our clients across the region, to support them on setting their net zero plans or on making their existing net zero plans more ambitious, as well as through transition financing.
we will also direct more financing towards green projects and activities, and away from those that emit the most carbon.
we seek to expand the scope of our targets to include new sectors and sub-sectors as data and climate scenarios become available.
find out more memberships member of the net-zero banking alliance member of gfanz uob sustainability report 2022, page 8 our approach image of a bamboo forest, symbolizing sustainable growth and environmental responsibility.
it also ensures that we remain economically relevant through managing environmental, social and governance esg risks and opportunities practically and in line with market realities.
it guides management in prioritising, formulating and driving the sustainability strategy.
the board is cognisant of national agendas and stays updated on sustainability-related developments.
it recognises the important role of financial institutions in facilitating action against climate change and customers' transition to more sustainable businesses and solutions.
this entails respect for the environment, human rights, labour rights, decent work and economic growth, data privacy and business ethics.
to ensure that our programmes and initiatives take root and grow, we comply with the esg-related laws and regulations in each of our key markets.
we are guided by five principles that act as a compass for how we address the material risks and opportunities which may impact our customers, colleagues, investors, suppliers and the communities in which we operate.
we also recognise that good corporate governance is essential for embedding sustainable business practices across the group.
sustainability strategy our guiding principles 1. forge a sustainable future with our customers engage our customers proactively to influence their sustainability practices for greater long-term resilience.
3. pragmatic and progressive implement sustainability programmes to manage esg risks and opportunities sensibly, in line with market and competitive realities.
4. regulatory compliance as the baseline align our sustainability approach with esg policies and guidelines of governments in our key markets.
just as our business strategy hinges on doing what is right for our customers, our sustainability strategy informs our engagement with our stakeholders and how we can help them in their own practices for positive outcomes in the long run.
we are cognisant of the direct environmental and social impact of our own operations and have set objectives and targets toward mitigating this impact.
further, we encourage them to adopt suitable best practices that are aligned with internationally-recognised guidelines, codes and standards.
our sustainability strategy promote united nations sustainable development goals with our stakeholders drive growth sustainably contribute economically to the progress of our communities embed environmental, social and governance risk in our approach to risk management integrate social and environmental considerations into our credit evaluation and approval processes adopt and promote climate-resilient practices to support our customers in their transition to a low-carbon economy develop and provide sustainable financing and sustainable investment solutions keep customers at the centre protect customer data and privacy through secure and robust systems and practices ensure fair dealing create intuitive and impactful customer experiences make banking simpler, smarter and safer through ethical use of technology and data make banking more accessible and inclusive support businesses across all stages of growth develop professionals of principle develop high-performing teams and future-focused individuals promote work-life harmony encourage volunteerism and advocacy for social and environmental causes ensure employee engagement and satisfaction ensure workplace health, safety and well-being embrace diverse abilities and strengths uphold corporate responsibility maintain highest standards of governance and risk culture ensure regulatory compliance protect the financial system against abuse incorporate sustainability principles into our procurement practices manage direct environmental impact and encourage environmental stewardship champion social development in art, children and education rooted in our values of honour, enterprise, unity and commitment we refine our sustainability strategy continually through engaging internal and external stakeholders, including employees, regulators, investors and customers.
we also consider global issues, aligning ourselves with the united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs , as well as our stakeholders' expectations in appreciation of what is material to them and the context of the countries in which we operate.
we recognise that while uob is better placed to contribute directly to a subset of the global goals, the broadening scope of our sustainable financing, responsible investing and impact investment activities and their corresponding positive impact enable us to align with all the global goals.
uob also became a participant of the united nations global compact in 2021. as a signatory, we support the ten principles of the global compact in the areas of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption.
sustainalytics, an independent esg research, ratings and analytics firm, provided the second party opinion on the uob sustainable bond framework.
this is carried out within a robust governance framework, underpinned by policies and guidelines that define our commitment and guide our approach to conducting business.
committee/body: executive committee exco , description: supports the board of directors committee/body: management executive committee mec , description: supports the exco; provides strategic direction for the bank's sustainability practices; reports to the board.
in addition, the management teams of the uob entities are responsible for appraising the relevant sustainability issues in their respective domains and for taking appropriate steps to ensure that customers and suppliers also meet relevant policy requirements, wherever applicable.
this approach will enable us to benefit from different areas of expertise and best practice ideas.
sustainability governance training in 2022, we rolled out mandatory sustainability 101 training for all our employees globally.
the e-learning module is available in local languages for colleagues in our key markets.
as at 31 december 2022, close to 100 percent of our employees completed the training.
from 2023, all new joiners are required to complete the training within one month of their onboarding.
during the year, all our board directors also completed the requisite training on sustainability, including the environmental, social and governance essentials module under the singapore institute of directors’ listed entity directors programme, as well as climate change issues and net zero.
our board and management also received training on anti-money laundering/countering the financing of terrorism and sanctions, anti-fraud, anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
remuneration our employees’ remuneration is linked to our sustainability performance.
through continual stakeholder engagement, we are informed of changing trends, developments and expectations, thereby keeping ourselves open to possibilities and focused on staying relevant to our stakeholders.
we regularly seek our stakeholders' views and expectations through conversations, collaboration and research.
by taking an inclusive approach, we hope they in turn will have a deeper understanding of our purpose, practices and performance.
in addition, we also carefully consider feedback from institutional investors and analysts, regulators and non-governmental organisations ngos regarding the environmental, social and governance esg factors that are material to the bank.
colleagues ceo communications to all colleagues on regular and topical subjects quarterly, and as and when appropriate head of group human resources' communications to all colleagues on employee-related initiatives as and when appropriate one-on-one sessions with managers regularly online and mobile employee portal with informative, collaborative and social features ongoing performance reviews half-yearly employee engagement surveys annually town hall meetings annually training and workshops ongoing 'speak up' initiative for colleagues to raise issues for action and resolution ongoing community support of national movements to build inclusive communities ongoing fundraising events annually regional art competitions annually collaborations with customers, business partners, art institutions, social service organisations and community development councils ongoing art roadshows and outreach programmes as and when appropriate education programmes for children ongoing financial literacy programmes as and when appropriate donations in cash or in kind to support causes related to art, children and education as and when appropriate employee volunteerism ongoing customers interactions at branches ongoing face-to-face meetings ongoing contact centre services ongoing post-transaction customer surveys ongoing marketing and advertising campaigns ongoing website and social media channels and campaigns ongoing events and seminars, including workshops on sustainability as and when appropriate suppliers requests for quotations and proposals as and when appropriate vendor briefings as and when appropriate purchase agreements as and when appropriate performance reviews annually or prior to contract expiry stakeholder engagement governments and regulators regular meetings and engagement as and when appropriate consultations with regulatory bodies as and when appropriate annual and sustainability reports annually audit reports ongoing media news releases and media statements ongoing in-person and online conversations ongoing media briefings and conferences as and when appropriate media interviews as and when appropriate social media platforms ongoing economic and market research reports and white papers as and when appropriate other financial institutions, and industry and trade associations participation in industry associations ongoing industry-wide workgroups and meetings as and when appropriate forums and conferences as and when appropriate ngos face-to-face meetings and conference calls as and when appropriate conferences and seminars as and when appropriate cooperation in joint programmes ongoing investors and analysts financial reporting and results briefings quarterly periodic meetings with rating agencies at least once a year general meetings with shareholders annually annual and sustainability reports annually sgxnet announcements as and when appropriate presentations, conferences and roadshows ongoing uob corporate day annually feedback from analyst surveys ongoing feedback from institutional investors and analysts on our esg performance ongoing material esg factors uob's most significant impacts on the economy, environment, and society are reflected in our material environmental, social, and governance esg factors.
through surveys and one-on-one interviews, we prioritized factors that are critical to the continued success of our business and sustainable development of the wider community.
through online surveys, stakeholders were asked to score the 14 esg factors based on significance and impact.
qualitative feedback from one-on-one interviews was also taken into consideration in developing our materiality matrix.
based on the importance to uob and impact on our stakeholders, we categorized the esg factors into critical, very important and important.
undertaken by an independent third party, the materiality assessment showed that critical and essential elements of banking, including regulatory compliance, information security, data privacy, governance, and risk culture, remained at the top of our stakeholders' radar.
sustainable banking and direct environmental impact rose both in terms of importance and impact, reflecting stakeholder expectations of uob, our business and operations amid the growing call for climate action.
in addition, we saw greater focus on social impact, particularly regarding workplace safety, health and well-being and community stewardship.
material esg factors material esg factor: drive growth sustainably material esg factor: economic contributions, impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: contribute economically to the progress of our communities, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: distributed $8.5 billion in payments that flowed to stakeholders, such as colleagues, suppliers, investors, authorities and local communities supported job creation, with 93.9 per cent local employee representation material esg factor: sustainable banking, impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: embed esg risk in our approach to risk management integrate social and environmental considerations into our credit evaluation and approval processes adopt and promote climate-resilient practices to support our customers in their transition to a low carbon economy develop and provide sustainable financing and sustainable investment solutions, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: committed to net zero by 2050, including the support of our clients in their decarbonisation enhanced our responsible financing sector policies in oil and gas, thermal coal and animal protein extended $25 billion in total sustainable financing to corporates rolled out the uob transition finance framework to support clients in hard-to-abate sectors piloted the green and sustainable deposits solution to help clients contribute to positive impact through their funds launched the uob sustainability compass to help small- and medium-sized enterprises smes kickstart their sustainability journey enabled uob evol cardholders in singapore to offset their household electricity carbon footprint channelled $10 billion in total assets under management to esg-focused investments table end.
material esg factors material esg factor: customer experience , impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: create intuitive and impactful customer experiences make banking simpler, smarter and safer through ethical use of technology and data, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: launched uob sme app to help smes transact and gain personalized insights on an interactive dashboard achieved 75 per cent digitally-enabled individual customers with a monthly active rate of 38 per cent launched auto-save savings feature on tmrw digital banking app in indonesia for customers to earn higher interest on their account balances material esg factor: financial inclusion , impact boundary: ■, priority: important, strategic objectives: make banking more accessible and inclusive support businesses across all stages of growth, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: launched the greentech accelerator to connect smes and corporates to green innovations opened about 600 shariah-compliant bank accounts for university students in malaysia, providing them access to financial management tools, free takaful protection cover and other banking services continued to support businesses promoting access to finance and uplifting communities living at the 'base of pyramid' through our asia impact investment funds material esg factor: talent development and inclusion , impact boundary: ●, priority: critical, strategic objectives: develop high-performing teams and future-focused individuals ensure employee engagement and satisfaction embrace diverse abilities and strengths, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: invested $25.9 million in employee training and development programmes expanded our gig+u programme to include women in addition to retirees employed colleagues from 49 nationalities across the group supported employment for 30 people with disabilities at the uob scan hub in singapore material esg factor: workplace safety, health and well-being , impact boundary: ●, priority: critical, strategic objectives: promote work-life harmony ensure workplace health, safety and well-being, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: transformed a total of 790,000 area in square feet in office space into high-performance workplaces achieved sg clean certification for all our buildings and branches in singapore supported colleagues in shanghai, china with various care measures during the pandemic table end.
impact boundaries: impact outside the organisation: colleagues, customers, other financial institutions, and industry and trade associations impact within and outside the organisation: community, suppliers, investors and analysts, media impact within the organisation: governments and regulators, non-governmental organisations drive growth sustainably 24. economic contributions 26. sustainable banking uob sustainability report 2022 23 economic contributions uob's global network spans 19 countries and territories, with our economic contributions including payments to stakeholders such as our colleagues, suppliers, investors, authorities and local communities.
our approach we contribute to the wider economy by creating jobs for employees, sourcing from suppliers of products and services, supporting local communities, promoting inclusive financing, and paying taxes to governments and dividends to shareholders.
the group chief financial officer has oversight of tax responsibilities with support from the head of group tax.
this was achieved in 2022. maintain local procurement spend above 85 per cent to support local suppliers.
purchases from local suppliers accounted for 92.8 per cent of our total purchases in 2022. maintain local employee representation above 90 per cent.
local employee representation was 93.9 per cent in 2022. economic contributions 2022 highlights in 2022, we generated total income of $11.6 billion , of which we distributed $8.5 billion in payments that flowed to stakeholders, such as colleagues, suppliers, investors, authorities and local communities.
memberships chair of the association of banks in singapore's standing committee on tax member of the asia securities industry & financial markets association sustainable banking uob is committed to helping businesses advance responsibly and enabling sustainable lifestyles through the provision of sustainable banking products, from financing to investments.
we also address the environmental, social and governance esg risks and opportunities of our business, including those in relation to climate change.
this enables us to support our customers in the transition to a net zero economy and in turn, improve the resilience of our portfolio.
as we push forward on our journey in building the sustainable future of asean, we are committed to managing esg risks prudently.
we recognise that we have an important role to play in helping shape responsible actions from our customers through our financing and investing activities, as well as the banking solutions we offer.
our responsible financing sector policies set out mandatory requirements and recommendations on managing the esg risks of our lending portfolio in areas such as human rights, labour and working conditions, pollution prevention, resource efficiency, community health and safety, as well as biodiversity conservation.
the diagram shows the uob group responsible financing policy, guided by the uob group environmental risk management framework.
our responsible financing journey establishing 2015-2016 launched the group responsible financing policy.
adopted the abs haze diagnostics checklist as transboundary haze pollution shrouded the region.
strengthening and evolving 2019-2022 strengthened due diligence process with enhanced checklist and climate-related questions.
tightened our stance in thermal coal mining, coal-fired power and palm oil sectors.
all employees in relevant roles completed an industry-wide e-learning module on responsible financing.
announced our net zero commitment and targets for six sectors, including committing to exit financing for the thermal coal sector by 2039 and to cease new project financing for upstream oil and gas projects approved for development after 2022. adopted the abs environmental risk questionnaire erq to further strengthen our approach on climate risk assessment and engagement with corporate customers on the identification of environmental risks and sustainable financing opportunities.
conducted group-wide esg risk assessment capacity-building workshops with a strong focus on climate risk management.
in 2022, there were 24 borrowers under heightened monitoring due to esg concerns, of which 11 were escalated.
esg assessment performed in 2022 8,000+ customers were assessed 400+ customers required enhanced esg due diligence portfolio exposure we did not have a significant concentration in any of the eight esg-sensitive sectors defined by the abs guidelines on responsible financing, namely agriculture, forestry, chemicals, infrastructure, defence, mining and metals, energy from fossil fuels and waste management.
<1% exposure to palm oil sector <0.1% exposure to thermal coal mining sector exposure to coal-fired power generation versus renewable energy in relation to total non-bank loans table: exposure to coal-fired power and renewable energy 2019-2022 year: 2019, coal-fired power plants % : 0.12, renewable energy % : 0.08 year: 2020, coal-fired power plants % : 0.10, renewable energy % : 0.09 year: 2021, coal-fired power plants % : 0.07, renewable energy % : 0.11 year: 2022, coal-fired power plants % : 0.04, renewable energy % : 0.16 table end.
equator principles ep - managing environmental and social risks uob is a signatory to the ep, a risk management framework used by financial institutions globally for determining, assessing and managing environmental and social risks in projects.
notes: category a - projects with potential significant adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are diverse, irreversible or unprecedented.
category b - projects with potential limited adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are few in number, generally site-specific, largely reversible and readily addressed through mitigation measures.
category c - projects with minimal or no adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts.
find out more sustainable banking financing businesses' sustainable growth uob supports businesses in the transition to a low carbon economy, helping them to stay relevant and competitive for the long term.
to help simplify access to sustainable financing for companies looking to build resilient businesses, we have in place sustainable finance umbrella frameworks that are aligned to internationally-recognised standards, principles and guidelines, including the loan market association/asia pacific loan market association green loan principles and sustainability linked loan principles.
these frameworks, which obtained independent second-party opinions, set out the eligible projects or activities that qualify for green and sustainability-linked loans and bonds, trade finance and other retail banking products.
smart city sustainable financing framework supports companies contributing to the creation of sustainable and smart cities through the following: renewable energy, green building construction, energy efficiency, climate change adaptation, water management, waste management, green transport.
green financing framework for circular economy supports companies in the 3rs renew, reuse and reduce businesses.
potential applications: plastics recycling, metals recycling, electronics recycling, product as a service, circular designs.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image to extract.
eligibility: pure-play green companies or green projects companies with recognized, sustainable industry certifications illustrative icons representing un sustainable development goals sdgs transition finance framework supports the transition of the energy-intensive, fossil fuels/brown sectors and 'hard-to-abate' sectors.
illustrative icons representing sectors included in the transition finance framework under these frameworks, we provide a suite of sustainable financing solutions, particularly three ecosystem solutions designed to meet the end-to-end needs within specific sectors, to support our clients in capturing opportunities that contribute to the un sdgs.
u-solar launched in 2019, u-solar is asia's first integrated financing platform that connects businesses and individuals to service providers to drive the development and adoption of solar power.
since launch, u-solar has benefitted more than 200 companies and 1,700 homeowners, helping to reduce more than 359,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, equivalent to more than 77,000 passenger cars taken off the road for a year or almost six million tree seedlings grown over 10 years.
u-energy launched in 2020, u-energy is asia's first integrated financing platform that drives the development and adoption of energy efficiency projects for buildings and homes.
available in indonesia, malaysia, singapore, and thailand, u-energy connects energy service companies escos with end-customers to offer solutions for common energy efficiency projects.
with our flexible green financing sustainable banking options for building owners include direct purchase or an "energy-as-a-service" model.
across the region, 31 esco partners work together to improve energy efficiency.
efforts to support the ev sector aim to reduce the carbon emissions intensity of the automotive portfolio by 58% by 2030. amping up u-energy with m&v in 2022, uob provided \$10.8 million in green loans to support measurement & verification m&v for two energy efficiency retrofitting projects.
upon completion, the upgraded system will be 30% more energy-efficient, reducing carbon dioxide equivalents by over 6,000 tons annually equivalent to the energy consumed by approximately 3,500 four-room flats per year . these green loans were provided under enterprise singapore's enterprise financing scheme-green.
m&v participated in uob's u-energy 80gwh energy-saving race, encouraging building owners to pursue green financing options for their energy efficiency projects.
u-drive launched in 2021, u-drive is an integrated green financing solution for the electric vehicle ev ecosystem.
"we are pleased to work with uob thailand as our key financial partner as we enter the passenger ev space in thailand.
the financing support under u-drive has enabled us to meet our working capital needs more effectively for greater speed to market." - mr pratarnwong phornprapha, chief executive officer ceo , rêver automotive find out more: sustainable banking enabling consumers' sustainable lifestyle choices individuals also have a role in contributing to sustainable development.
being sustainable is a way of life – how we live, work, play, learn, commute, interact and connect.
as such, we offer a range of sustainable banking solutions to help our customers create positive impact through their everyday choices.
we offer green home and car loans to help consumers take up more environmentally-friendly options in their purchases.
green home loans accounted for almost 10 per cent of total home loan sales in singapore in 2022. as part of our u-drive programme, we also offer the uob go green car loan, bundled with three renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates , in singapore for the purchase of electric cars.
in 2022, we awarded 378 renewable energy certificates, equivalent to more than 154 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide emissions being absorbed by close to 7,700 raintrees.
we also collaborated with sp group to offer new customers three months of free charging capped at 500 kilowatt-hours of training per employee at sp mobility's public charging points.
each uob evol card: is made of 82 per cent plant-based polylactic acid material from non-edible corn; saves 4.48 grams of polyvinyl chloride pvc ; and produces 10 grams less in carbon dioxide emissions.
through our partnership with sp group, uob evol cardholders can also offset their household electricity carbon footprint for free by charging their utilities bills to their credit card.
the process is rooted in our risk-first wealth advisory approach, which helps our customers protect their assets before building their wealth.
we partner reputable product specialists to screen, score, provide and monitor sustainable investment products.
in working with these specialists, we ensure that we incorporate robust and industry-leading criteria and methodologies when identifying sustainable investment solutions.
these also include companies that aim to help protect the environment by supporting clean energy and resource conservation projects.
bonds we offer green bonds selected from the bloomberg barclays msci global green bond index, which has been voted the best index for the fifth year running by environmental finance, a leading news and analysis service for sustainable investing and green financing.
the index ensures proper screening and monitoring of the use of proceeds, as well as adherence to industry-standard green bond principles.
index constituents are rigorously assessed on the ongoing environmental impact of the projects, among other factors, for which the green bond proceeds are used.
the additional layer of screening ensures that we only offer our customers the highest-quality green bonds for the best risk-adjusted rewards and stable cash flow outcomes.
environmental policy the framework also includes our environmental policy, which incorporates environmental-related risks in our investment decision-making processes.
beyond climate change, we consider issues including water risk, deforestation and biodiversity loss, labour rights and human rights as part of our holistic esg assessment.
we engage companies on a range of thematic and material esg issues that can affect them in the long run and ensure that they are well prepared to mitigate these issues.
equipped with deep and insightful understanding of the region's unique economic, political, and social landscapes, our regional and local esg teams are able to engage companies effectively on esg themes, issues and controversies.
we also encourage them to improve the quality of their disclosures and monitor their sustainability progress, which in turn enables us to continually build on our insights and enhance our overall scoring methodology.
we also work closely with other stakeholders as needed to enhance the efficacy of our engagement efforts.
for example, we participate actively in aigcc's initiatives, including the asian utilities engagement programme, engagement and policy working group, physical risks and resilience working group and paris aligned investment working group, stepping up our collaborations to drive climate action.
uob sustainability report 2022 35 sustainable banking while we have authorised iss to vote on our behalf, we retain full discretion over all voting decisions and reserve the right to vote contrary to the recommendations of iss.
governance uobam's sustainability governance structure provides oversight and accountability on the implementation of our enrm framework, sustainable investment framework, environmental policy and active ownership policy, all of which are reviewed annually.
our strong network of esg analysts provide us the capacity to further our sustainability capabilities and drive innovative sustainability solutions locally that are suitable to each market.
we also focus on capacity building, honing our internal expertise and working closely with our investors and stakeholders to enhance collective capabilities.
in 2022, uobvm established the enrm framework in compliance with the mas guidelines on environmental risk management for asset managers . this framework covers the governance, policies and control processes to manage material environmental risks in relation to uobvm's private equity activities.
sustainable banking asean china investment funds acif now in the fifth series, the acif invest in promising private companies across asean and china to unlock their growth potential, focusing on the themes of industry 4.0, happiness, well-being, technology and green technology/supply chain.
supporting healthcare self-reliance an acif portfolio company, pt etana biotechnologies indonesia etana develops and provides high-quality, affordable and innovative biopharmaceutical products to treat a range of metabolic, autoimmune and other major life-threatening diseases, including cancer.
etana works proactively with major hospital groups, doctors' associations and indonesia's national pharmaceutical licensing agency and social health programme to ensure that people from all walks of life have access to life-saving and life-enhancing drugs that were previously unavailable or difficult to access across the archipelago.
in 2022, indonesian president joko widodo officiated the opening of etana's high-end biopharmaceutical factory.
the factory will produce essential biological drugs and vaccines to meet domestic needs and support the indonesian government's goal of healthcare self-reliance.
sustainable banking asia impact investment funds aiif focusing on double bottom-line returns, the aiif support companies that generate positive social outcomes and financial returns by improving the well-being and livelihoods of the ‘base of pyramid’ bop communities referring to people living on united states dollar3,000 or less a year . some of the key impact sectors that the aiif focus on include access to finance, education, agriculture and healthcare.
as at 31 december 2022, around 25 million low-income individuals¹ benefitted from the positive impact generated by the aiif’s portfolio companies since our investments.
driving positive social impact through education invested by both the acif and aiif, ruangguru pte ltd ruangguru is a leading technology-enabled education provider in indonesia that aims to provide improved access to quality and affordable education for students and working professionals across indonesia.
the company’s digital learning platforms also provides affordable education to students in thailand and vietnam.
as at the end of 2022: more than 20 million students from low-income families benefitted from ruangguru’s online learning content; and more than 32 per cent of working professionals saw an increase in income, while more than 23 per cent were promoted or secured a better job, after completing ruangguru’s skill development and work preparation programmes.
the ruangguru academy scholarship programme is targeted at students who dropped out of school due to financial or other issues.
the customised tutoring programme assists these students to obtain the high school-equivalent paket c diploma, continue with tertiary education and/or acquire new skills to enter the workforce.
"ruangguru holds an important role in my study and my journey to enrol in public university.
ruangguru is a bridge that allowed me to reach my dream, which is to get accepted in the faculty of law.
after moving to jakarta, he joined a community learning centre to catch up on his education.
his grit won him the ruangguru academy scholarship and exclusive online tutoring for the public university entrance test.
sandi has since successfully enrolled in the semarang state university’s law faculty.
sustainable banking enabling the largest vocational training platform for farmers an aiif portfolio company, shenzhen tiantian xuenong network technology co., ltd ttxn provides quality, affordable agricultural training for farmers across china through its e-learning platform.
there are more than 80 commercial crops covered across 50,000 courses, ranging from micro, short five-minute videos to extensive programmes that award professional certificates and qualifications.
through these courses, the company provides farmers with access to practical skills in areas including crop cultivation, pest control and fertilization.
with enhanced cultivation and farming skills, farmers can improve their production and, in turn, their livelihoods and incomes.
. 2022 highlights co-leading industry efforts in managing environmental risk: in support of the transition to a low-carbon economy, uob co-led industry efforts on the development of the abs erq in 2022. it is the first industry standard that sets a consistent baseline for banks in singapore to engage corporate clients on environmental risk issues and to collect relevant data.
enhancing our responsible financing sector policies our sector policies set out the bank's mandatory esg requirements and recommendations for our clients.
our targets build a sustainable finance portfolio of $30 billion by 2025. $25.0 billion achieved as at the end of 2022. ensure all relevant colleagues are trained in responsible financing, sustainable finance and climate change risks and opportunities by 2023 to support our customers in the transition to net zero.
majority of colleagues in relevant roles across the group completed capacity-building programmes on sustainable finance and climate change risk assessment in 2022. broaden our physical risk assessment in 2023 as part of continued efforts to strengthen our approach on climate scenario analysis and stress testing.
sustainable banking supporting clients in their net zero transition companies in carbon-intensive, fossil fuel-based and hard-to-abate sectors face many challenges in their decarbonisation journeys.
as such, in 2022, we launched the uob transition finance framework tff to help companies - project owners, contractors, suppliers, buyers and users - in these sectors access financing for their energy transition plans in the following areas: 1. operational efficiency energy efficiency and emissions reduction measures via: waste heat recovery co-generation systems flare gas recovery vapour recovery systems 2. business pivot switch from fossil fuels to low carbon fuels, e.grams., biofuels, liquefied natural gas lng , hydrogen and ammonia switch from fossil fuel-based energy production to renewable energy production 3. climate change mitigation carbon capture and storage ccs or carbon capture, utilisation and storage ccus provision of ccs/ccus services to third parties 4. voluntary carbon credits support the purchase, sale or trading of carbon credits or carbon neutral products to offset companies’ residual emissions support generation and trading of voluntary carbon credits the uob tff is our fifth sustainable finance umbrella framework.
like our other frameworks, it was developed with support from the monetary authority of singapore's mas green and sustainability-linked loans grant scheme.
deposits will be deployed to loans that support green real estate, renewable energy, energy efficiency, smart city infrastructure and the circular economy under uob's sustainable finance frameworks.
clients with significant deposits will receive an impact report that highlights the use and impact of their funds, which will in turn enable them to quantify their contributions to sustainable development.
providing direction for smes through the uob sustainability compass for many small- and medium-sized enterprises smes , implementing sustainability in their business can be a big challenge.
to help smes kickstart their sustainability journey, we launched the uob sustainability compass, through which companies only need to complete a short questionnaire to receive a customized, step-by-step guide on how to set up sustainable business models and practices.
they will also receive information on regulations, standards and certifications that affect their sectors, as well as sustainable financing solutions to take their business to the next stage of growth.
"as one of the largest transportation providers in singapore, we are aware of the urgent need to address carbon emission levels and evolve our business strategies to achieve sustainability goals.
...through the uob sustainability compass, we have generated our company's sustainability report in under five minutes, with comprehensive insights on our esg journey." ms voo choon ling deputy managing director, woodlands transport sustainable banking offering more sustainable fund solutions across the region uobam continued to promote sustainable investing with the launch of esg-focused unit trusts in various markets in 2022. these included: eafe plus fund malaysia : a retail concentrated growth fund with esg considerations that are firmly built into the broader process of fundamental analysis with the aim to maximise long-term returns.
the fund focuses on stocks that adopt the esg standards, make strong commitments and focus on driving sustainable development.
all colleagues in relevant roles are trained on our group responsible financing policy and processes via mandatory training and annual capacity building programmes.
the workshops formed an important training component to support the implementation of the abs erq and received strong participation from approximately 1,800 colleagues in relevant roles across the region.
the board and management, including the group sustainability committee gsc , also received training on areas such as climate change and net zero to stay updated on key developments.
during the year, uobam's sustainability academy also launched the essentials of climate investing course offered by robeco and training on net zero and climate change risks and opportunities, with the aim to deepen understanding of how investments play a role in climate action.
engaging stakeholders to drive collective action we continue to engage with our stakeholders, including customers, colleagues, regulators, investors, community and non-governmental organisations, to keep abreast of evolving expectations and industry developments.
this enables us to ensure deeper integration of sustainability considerations into our strategy and programmes.
during the year, we continued our active involvement in the mas green finance industry taskforce gfit and supported the development of a series of sustainable finance e-learning courses by abs and the asia sustainable finance initiative asfi academy.
we also remained active in knowledge exchange through various sustainability and related events, such as the un climate change conference cop 27 , point zero forum, singapore fintech festival and asia risk congress.
we also held a forum titled 'innovating for a sustainable tomorrow', bringing together business leaders and key decision makers to discuss the impact of global and regional trends on decarbonisation within the real economy.
in addition, uobam participated in various events, collaborating with organisations such as the singapore exchange academy, gresb, tiger brokers, malaysia's joint committee on climate change, universiti brunei darussalam, invesnow, thaipublica, soochow university and uob kay hian on seminars to share insights into sustainable investing.
uob sustainability report 2022 42 tcfd reporting climate change is one of the most complex and defining issues of our time and there is a critical need for the world to reach net zero by 2050 in alignment with the paris agreement and the 1.5°c trajectory outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc . as a leading financial institution in the region, we are committed to strengthening our portfolio resilience and to being a positive force in the fight against climate change.
governance board's oversight of climate change-related issues climate change is a priority for our senior leaders.
as part of uob's sustainability governance structure, our board provides oversight of climate change-related issues through the executive committee exco , with support from our management and relevant business units.
the board receives twice-yearly updates on climate-related topics.
these include, but are not limited to, regulatory developments, internal policies, direct environmental impact through our operations, indirect impact through our financing and investment activities, our initiatives to support our customers on their sustainability journey, as well as sustainability reporting disclosures.
the board and relevant board committees consider climate change-related risks and opportunities in the context of our guiding principles and sustainability strategy pillars.
climate change-related issues are integrated into the following sustainability governance mechanisms: strategy review; guidance on major plans of action; review and guidance on risk management policies; monitoring of implementation and performance of objectives; oversight of progress against goals and targets for addressing climate change-related issues; and review and approval of climate change-related disclosures in our annual reporting.
management's role in addressing climate change-related issues amid the growing call for companies to demonstrate their prudent management of climate risk as well as demonstrate their commitment to net zero emissions by 2050, uob announced our net zero commitment in october 2022 with endorsement from our board.
as part of this process, the board reviewed and approved the principles for sector prioritisation, including emissions materiality, abatement horizon and portfolio materiality for each of the six sectors, namely power, automotive, o&g, real estate, construction and steel.
the management executive committee mec supports the exco on climate change-related matters and provides strategic direction for our sustainability practices.
the mec is responsible for: guiding the development of esg-related policies, including those related to climate change; managing and monitoring climate change-related risks and opportunities; and overseeing the progress, performance and reporting on climate change-related issues.
the gsc, which comprises senior management from business and support units across the bank, identifies climate-related risks and opportunities and assesses emerging issues.
the wide representation ensures that climate change-related issues – whether identified by ourselves, investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders – are integrated into our decision-making, and addressed at the highest levels.
in 2022, the gsc provided the exco updates on our sustainability strategy in the following areas: emerging climate change issues; uob's direct environmental impact; enhancements to the group responsible financing policy; and our roadmap on implementing the tcfd recommendations to support our customers and other stakeholders in sustainable development.
sustainable banking implementing action to address climate change-related issues the tcfd working group, which was established in 2019 under the gsc, is a cross-functional working group responsible for reporting and driving the implementation of disclosures in line with tcfd recommendations.
together with the gsc, the working group ensures that uob maintains a robust and integrated platform for governing, implementing and monitoring climate change-related targets and strategies.
the working group comprises senior representatives who have specific responsibilities in the implementation of our overall sustainability strategy to address climate change-related issues.
we are also guided by our group sustainability framework, which is implemented through relevant policies and guidelines, including our group responsible financing policy that governs our review and approval of customer transactions in environmentally- and/or socially-sensitive sectors.
our financing teams work with customers to address climate change-related challenges and opportunities, and when necessary, also work in collaboration with non-governmental organisations, certification bodies and other mutual stakeholders.
internally managing direct environmental impact internally, to manage our direct environmental impact, our corporate real estate and services unit has a specialised energy and sustainability team that works to mitigate our environmental footprint and to realise our green building targets.
our sustainable procurement working group oversees our indirect impact by ensuring that material suppliers act in compliance with our group supplier sustainability principles.
in addition, we have dedicated environment specialists that work full-time on our initiatives in the relevant business units, ensuring ownership of the bank's sustainability goals across our organisation.
find out more: sustainability governance direct environmental impact sustainable procurement strategy climate risks, both transition and physical, can manifest through various risk drivers and materialize at different time horizons.
as one of the regions most at risk to climate change globally, asean is vulnerable to the growing intensity and magnitude of extreme physical weather events.
the economic, environmental and social impacts resulting from climate change threaten to undo decades of developmental progress.
as climate mitigation and adaptation measures scale up, these may also result in unintended consequences.
notably, while phasing out fossil fuels is a critical step to curb temperature rise, it may threaten energy security if implemented too abruptly.
key climate-related risks and potential impact identified over various time horizons classification: transition risk , risk drivers: policy and legal, examples of potential impacts: policy or regulatory changes to mitigate climate change impacts and to encourage a shift towards renewable energy sources e.grams., implementation of carbon pricing, tighter energy efficiency standards, and more stringent regulation of products and services . exposure to environmental litigations amid increased stakeholder expectations., expected time horizon: short / medium term classification: transition risk , examples of potential impacts: policy changes such as the phase-out of internal combustion engine vehicles and single-use plastics, or the extended producer responsibility that could lead to structural business disruption and loss of competitiveness of our clients.
growing adoption of carbon pricing in the region may increase operating costs, particularly for heavy emitters, potentially leading to credit deterioration of our clients.
development of regional and national green taxonomies may restrict heavy emitters' access to funding., expected time horizon: short / medium term classification: technology , risk drivers: technological improvements or innovations, examples of potential impacts: technological advances have improved the viability and cost competitiveness of green technologies, such as electric vehicles and solar/wind energy, which could disrupt demand for fossil fuel-based businesses and trigger early write-offs.
investment in technology, research and development expenditure to reduce emissions or improve energy efficiency could stress the balance sheets of affected clients., expected time horizon: short / medium / long term table end.
note on materialisation timeline: short term: <3 years; medium term: 3-10 years; long term: 10 years sustainable banking to better assess our portfolio resilience under various plausible outcomes, we continued to strengthen our capability in climate scenario analysis, building on our efforts over the past few years.
we partnered an internationally-recognised consultancy to holistically assess the impact of both transition and physical risks on borrowers' financial performance, taking into consideration the differentiated responses and drivers for different sectors see appendix – climate scenario analysis methodology . our assessment covered the following long-term scenarios referencing the 2021 network for greening the financial system ngfs phase ii scenarios: ngfs reference: net zero 2050 scenario , orderly transition: stringent climate policies and innovation that limit the impact of physical risks and allow for gradual economic adjustment, disorderly transition: concerted climate policy actions will commence only in 2031 causing an abrupt structural shift in the global economy.
in particular, the assessment for our corporate portfolio focused on six sectors most relevant to climate risk, namely fossil fuels, utilities, heavy industries, building and construction, transportation and agriculture².
2 sectors identified in "a climate stress-test of the financial system", by battiston et al, 27 march 2017. these were also adapted by the mas in the 2022 industry-wide stress test exercise.
relative impact projected 2050 probability of default as a multiplier of 2021 level in recognition of the common industry challenges associated with climate risk assessment such as data availability, we will continue to work with regulators, industry associations, consultants and climate specialists to progress collectively to a more robust approach as methodologies and tools evolve and mature.
in october 2022, we published our net zero commitment, detailing key opportunities for us to support our customers in building a sustainable asean through a just and equitable transition to a low carbon future.
identified climate-related opportunities across sectors ecosystem: energy , focus sector: power, opportunities: working with power generation companies and equipment manufacturers to adopt decarbonisation targets and increase financing for new renewable energy projects.
focus sector: o&g, opportunities: working with companies in hard-to-abate sectors to finance renewable energy, low emissions fuel alternatives, emissions reduction technologies, efficiency improvements in refining and other processes.
ecosystem: built environment , focus sector: real estate, opportunities: working with property developers, operators, investment companies and real estate investment trusts reits to encourage the adoption of energy efficiency standards for buildings and to finance more energy-efficient buildings and installation of renewable energy and energy efficiency retrofits.
focus sector: construction, opportunities: working with companies engaged in construction and demolition to encourage the deployment of low-carbon construction processes, to improve their emissions intensity profile and to finance installation of on-site renewable energy.
we have assessed the various climate risk transmission channels using either a qualitative or quantitative approach, and considered potential credit risk impact to be the most material.
our trading desks conduct stress testing daily using scenarios depicting various climate events.
in addition, decarbonisation of the economy over time may lead to difficulty in liquidating liquid assets issued by carbon-intensive corporates held by the bank.
banks have generally made more progress in integrating environmental risk, including climate risk, into credit and reputational risk management processes and less so in other risk areas 3 . as such, we will continue to strengthen our understanding of the manifestations of climate risk in non-credit risk types and will direct our efforts towards strengthening our risk management approach.
this includes progressing towards quantitative assessments of potential climate risk impacts over longer time horizons.
we expect that as climate risk becomes increasingly mainstream, methodology, data quality and availability will continue to improve, leading to more accurate and insightful assessment outcomes in the future.
we are committed to continuing our engagement with regulators, industry associations and climate specialists, as well as actively participating in and supporting various initiatives such as the asfi, the mas project greenprint and the mas gfit to improve our capabilities in climate risk management.
further, as our business and operations span multiple jurisdictions, we will closely monitor international developments such as the un climate change conference, the basel committee on banking supervision's bcbs initiative on climate risk management, as well as new initiatives by the ngfs and local regulators.
this will enable us to stay ahead of potential new regulatory requirements and to keep abreast of best industry risk management practices.
management of wider environmental and nature risks scientific research suggests that climate change and nature loss are intertwined and cannot be addressed independently.
for example, the building and construction sector, one of the major emitters globally, depends heavily on nature to provide materials for building such as sand, iron ore for steel, and limestone for cement.
therefore, there is increased urgency to address nature loss alongside efforts to support the global transition to net zero.
in 2022, uob, together with several financial institutions in singapore, participated in a pilot study organised by global canopy on the implementation of the taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures tnfd beta framework within the palm oil sector.
footnotes: 3 source: information paper on environmental risk management banks , mas, may 2022, and climate-related financial risks - measurement methodologies, bcbs, april 2021. 4 source: integrating climate and nature: the rationale for financial institutions, university of cambridge institute for sustainability leadership, 2022. sustainable banking: metrics and targets in 2022, we established our financed emissions baseline, setting science-based targets and commitments for six focus sectors.
our approach is in line with the guidance from the glasgow financial alliance for net zero gfanz and we have applied standards by the partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf to account for the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our financed portfolio.
energy power: reduce emissions intensity by 61% by 2030 and 98% by 2050. automotive: reduce emissions intensity by 58% by 2030 and net zero by 2050. oil and gas: no new project financing for upstream oil and gas projects approved for development after 2022. built environment real estate: reduce emissions intensity by 36% by 2030 and 97% by 2050. construction: reduce emissions intensity by 31% by 2030 and 85% by 2050. steel: reduce emissions intensity by 20% by 2030 and 92% by 2050. emissions metric and value chain inclusion in determining our clients' emissions, three key design decisions were made: 1. emissions metric with our goal to achieve net zero and to support sustainable growth, our primary objective is to support more economic output for lower emissions.
our targets are to reduce emissions intensity, or reduced emissions per unit of sector output.
where possible, we used physical-based emissions intensity metrics e.grams., emissions per metric ton of crude steel produced for the steel sector, and per square metre of floor space for the real estate sector to reflect the direct relationship between emissions-generating activity and resulting emissions.
where data on physical activities were unavailable e.grams., construction sector , we used a revenue-based emissions intensity metric.
for fossil fuels, we set policy restrictions rather than targets, recognizing that the path to net zero for these sectors involves a managed phase-down, not just emissions reduction.
2. value chain inclusion within each selected sector, we focus on value chain parts generating the most emissions and where we have the most material influence on emissions levels.
in some instances, we focused on areas with the best available data; in others, we focused only on certain value chain parts to maintain comparability within the sector and with available reference scenarios.
sustainable banking 3. emissions scope we have focused on the most material scopes of emissions for each sector and the emissions within the control of the clients for which we are setting targets, while ensuring that the scope included in our baseline is the same as defined by the science-based reference scenarios.
after we have calculated the emissions data for each client, we aggregated the data to form an overall sector-level emissions baseline based on the weight of the exposure in our portfolio: emissions intensity = $\sum i \frac exposure i total \ sector \ portfolio \ exposure \times emissions \ intensity i$ where i is a borrower or investee company in each sector.
selecting reference scenarios to understand the required levels of emissions intensity reductions, we have relied on science-based models that chart out the most credible pathways to net zero by 2050 across sectors and countries.
these are from integrated assessment models, including international energy agency net zero emissions by 2050 scenario iea nze , ngfs - remind and ngfs - global change assessment model gcam , or specialised industry research bodies such as carbon risk real estate monitor crrem for the real estate sector and mission possible partnership mpp for the steel sector.
we have considered the appropriate and best available pathway on a sector-by-sector basis and in view of the following: ensuring scientific credibility and alignment with 1.5°c warming by 2050; ensuring an appropriate level of regional granularity for our portfolio.
as we operate across southeast asia, we need to ensure that we select pathways that are realistic and fair for the emerging economies in which we operate as well as the developed countries we serve.
where possible, we have derived a region-specific net zero pathway that extract the scientific projections for our markets; ensuring the right level of sector granularity, especially in highly heterogeneous sectors such as real estate, for which we have adopted an industry-specific pathway; and adopting pathways that assume continued economic growth and which do not overly rely on reduced growth or unrealistic assumptions around carbon removal to achieve net zero by 2050. we recognise that the science of sector-based prescriptions towards net zero is an emerging and uncertain field.
as actual circumstances and government policies shift, or when technologies come to the fore or fail to deliver the impact expected, new reference pathways will likely be needed.
our approach will need to evolve with the science.
to ensure comparability, we will continue to report against the targets until there is a pressing need for new reference pathways.
this will likely happen several times between now and 2050. find out more sustainable banking recognition and awards maintained our leading position among asean banks on the worldwide fund for nature's sustainable banking assessment 2022 best bond adviser in asean at the asset triple a country awards for sustainable finance 2022 best wealth manager for impact investing, asia and singapore at the asset triple a private capital awards 2022 esg program of the year - silver at asian banking & finance retail banking awards 2022 environmental products house of the year - uobam at the energy risk asia awards 2022 best institutional house and best investor education in brunei at asia asset management best of the best country awards 2022 membership signatory to the net-zero banking alliance member of the gfanz signatory to ep member of the mas gfit's risk management workstream and green and sustainable trade finance solutions working group supporter of the tcfd collaborated in the asfi signatory of un pri – uobam, uobvm and uob global capital supporter of the singapore stewardship principles for responsible investors – uobam and uobvm participant of wwf respond - uobam member of the investment management association of singapore - uobam member of the aigcc - uobam member of the greennode technical advisory group, an esg bond database initiated by the singapore exchange and temasek - uobam member of the ceres' valuing water finance initiative - uobam member of bank negara malaysia's joint committee on climate change - uobam member of bank negara malaysia's climate change principle-based taxonomy implementation group - uobam secretary-general and member of the association of investment management companies thailand 's esg committee - uobam member of the brunei capital market associations - uobam signatory of the operating principles for impact management - uobvm contribution to the un sdgs uob sustainability report 2022 54 keep customers at the centre . page 56: fair dealing page 59: data privacy and governance page 62: customer experience page 66: financial inclusion fair dealing at uob, we put our customers first and it is on this foundation that we have developed our business and will continue to grow.
this duty is embodied in the uob code of conduct.
we have in place frameworks, policies and guidelines to ensure that we always aim for and achieve the fair dealing outcomes.
the fair dealing guidelines committee fdgc , comprising senior management appointed by our chief executive officer, is responsible for ensuring fair dealing outcomes for our customers.
these include: mandatory training on mas fair dealing for all employees; regular 'tone from the top' communications to reinforce the importance of embracing fair dealing principles in all that we do; the uob customer commitments awards programme to recognise colleagues who uphold and fulfil our customer commitments; the art of service recovery programme, which aims to equip employees with the skillsets to address customers' concerns effectively, to deliver service recovery and in turn, increase customer satisfaction; and the mas fairness, ethics, accountability and transparency feat and fair dealing outcome five workshop, which brings together cross-functional teams from across the group to discuss key insights into customer concerns and to proactively identify service gaps and improvement areas.
dark user experience patterns are interfaces that subtly trick users, either deliberately or accidentally, into doing things they do not mean to do.
in 2022, the tmrw digital group conducted awareness training on what dark patterns are and how to identify and prevent them.
the team updated the uob tmrw design principles to avoid dark patterns in customer communications and in the naming of products and features.
in addition, we monitor customer complaints and feedback to identify instances where customers think they may be subject to dark patterns.
sharing financial tips through the media to promote financial literacy among the public, we frequently share financial tips through channels such as mainstream media and social media.
in 2022, uob hosted a 'rethink your wealth' series in the sunday times in singapore to address consumers' questions about managing their finances.
the fortnightly series featured topics such as: financial awareness and literacy for the young; importance of investing early for greater financial stability; addressing one's financial fears as a part of good money management; common financial planning mistakes; personalisation of investment portfolios to suit risk appetites and financial goals; and wealth protection in an inflationary and rising interest rate environment.
promoting financial literacy in china in conjunction with world consumer rights day on 15 march 2022, the customer experience and advocacy team hosted a series of activities in china aimed at helping the public deepen their financial knowledge.
for example, we organized a community outreach session for an elderly community in shanghai, distributing educational materials and explaining in person how they can evaluate the credibility of a fundraising activity or an investment company.
our colleagues also helped the elderly learn how to identify potential risks and scams simply by scanning a qr code by uob china to watch anti-scam videos and to obtain anti-scam advisory.
more than 200 senior residents received the materials and scanned our qr code to obtain more information.
as digital economies expand beyond borders and innovative uses of data develop, it becomes increasingly important to recognize and respect the privacy and rights of our customers.
through these efforts, we ensure that data privacy is embedded in the services we provide and in every aspect of our operations.
they include the uob code of conduct, reviewed annually by the bank's human resources committee, as well as the following policies reviewed annually by the operational risk management committee ormc : the group information technology security management and cyber resiliency policy; the group operational risk management policy; and the enterprise data governance policy.
this function brings together subject-matter experts from across uob to focus on the continual improvement of data health, powered by innovations in processes and technology.
our multi-disciplinary data ethics taskforce formulates and guides the integration of the monetary authority of singapore's mas fairness, ethics, accountability and transparency feat principles in the design and validation of the bank's key artificial intelligence ai and analytical models.
this was achieved in 2022. 2022 highlights uob is a founding member of the mas veritas consortium, which was set up to strengthen internal governance around the financial industry's application of ai and the management and use of data.
in 2022, we organised briefings for our people to raise their awareness of data privacy and protection laws, as well as escalation protocols for data breaches.
we also conducted training sessions and workshops that were tailored to business and support units’ specific job functions and activities.
we are also the only bank to be awarded both the data protection trustmark and the apec cross border rules certifications by the infocomm media development authority of singapore.
by actively engaging our customers, we can create positive experiences, foster deeper trust with them and remain relevant and competitive.
to make banking seamless, simpler, smarter and safer for them, we invest continually in our technology capabilities such as ai and data analytics.
through our voice of customer programmes and activities, we manage customer insights and testing to improve customer satisfaction and loyalty.
we have cross-functional teams in place to develop, refine and implement improvement initiatives using the consolidated customer insights drawn from internal and external sources.
uob's art of service recovery programme equips our colleagues with the skills to resolve customer complaints and to turn challenging situations into positive outcomes.
with the help of the relevant business and/or support unit, we address the concerns of each customer and identify areas for improvement.
our continuous improvement is also guided by the nps and customer satisfaction score, which are tracked throughout the year.
through industry surveys such as the customer satisfaction index of singapore csisg and findings from our external consultants, we are able to obtain an independent gauge of the level of satisfaction among our customers as well as their changing needs.
we use information and insights from these sources to enhance the customer experience and to develop products and services that enable us to serve our customers better.
2022 highlights incorporating wellness into our branch experience we launched wellness@uob in 2022 to imbue the banking experience with a focus on holistic wellness for our customers.
in singapore, we launched six wellness concept branches, at which our customers can enjoy access to wellness activities, from health screenings to yoga classes.
we also have branch colleagues who are wellness advocates, trained to provide basic wellness guidance to our customers.
during the year, more than 10,000 customers visited our wellness booths, and we interacted with more than 1,000 attendees at our monthly wellness events.
beyond singapore, we also held wellness activities such as health screenings, financial wellness talks and yoga classes at our branches in indonesia, malaysia, thailand and vietnam.
this was achieved across all our seven key markets in 2022, with 91 per cent of complaints in singapore resolved within the established standards.
the platform creates dynamic questionnaires, with questions contextualised and customised to customers’ preceding responses.
it enables us to obtain more insightful and actionable feedback on each customer experience, and in turn to address any potential areas of concern more effectively.
we also tap such customer insights to design the experience journey for new branch models.
we plan to roll out this initiative progressively at our branches in other countries.
delivering personalised solutions and insights through uob tmrw uob tmrw is our all-in-one digital banking app built around our customers’ needs to enable them to bank, to pay and to play.
the first of its kind in asean, auto-save leverages machine learning models to analyse and predict customers’ transactions and spending patterns, so as to identify and sweep surplus cash automatically into their saving accounts.
auto-save is powered by the advanced ai and data analytics solutions of our long-term partner, personetics, whom we also work with on delivering personalised insights to our customers on our digital banking app.
in 2022, we served more than 113 million personalised insights across the region, 55 per cent more than 2021. personalising banking for every customer, uob annual report 2022 driving digital connectivity for businesses across the region in 2022, we made a significant push to support our corporate clients through digital solutions, such as uob infinity and the new uob sme app.
in singapore and hong kong, we also rolled out financial supply chain management fscm capabilities so that our corporate clients can connect digitally with their suppliers, buyers and distributors to exchange and to validate trade documents, and in turn obtain financing quickly and smoothly.
we look to achieve further digitalisation in the future.” ms michelle fang finance director, cr construction company uob sme app we launched the uob sme app in singapore, malaysia and vietnam in 2022 to help small- and medium-sized enterprises smes transact on the go securely.
through the app, smes can access solutions including financing, as well as business management tools that help them achieve greater efficiency in areas such as human resources, payroll, logistics and digital marketing.
customer experience smes will also be able to view their cash flow data on an interactive dashboard, set personalised foreign currency watchlists with instant alerts, and obtain customised insights and information on relevant industry events.
uob is committed to empowering the underbanked and underserved through digital innovation and customer education.
the rapid advances in technology and prevalent use of mobile banking have also driven the need for digital financial inclusion so that various segments of the community can progress together.
our approach uob is committed to making our banking products and services accessible and affordable to consumers and businesses across segments.
we seek to be holistic in our approach to financial inclusion, taking into consideration the unique socioeconomic factors in each of our markets.
across uob, our colleagues are equipped with the skills and knowledge to serve the needs of a diverse customer base, including those who may be physically or visually impaired.
in singapore, we continue to innovate and optimise our services while actively engaging senior citizens to help them learn about and use digital banking solutions.
in malaysia, we offer islamic banking solutions to help meet the local demand for shariah-compliant financial services.
to help small- and medium-sized enterprises smes access bank financing, we harness technology to assess their creditworthiness and to process loans more quickly and accurately.
in addition, through uob venture management's uobvm private equity financing, we facilitate better access to finance for micro-entrepreneurs.
advocating digital financial inclusion as the digitalisation of financial services continues, it is important that no one is excluded in their day-to-day lives from the benefits and opportunities provided by technology.
however, the fast pace of technological advancement has resulted in some groups of people being left behind.
we actively engage our customers and the wider community, especially senior citizens, to help them become digitally ready and understand how digital banking products and services can make their lives more convenient.
1. equipping employees with digital skills we have enrolled more than 1,000 branch colleagues in the career conversion programme, which we launched in 2017 in collaboration with workforce singapore and the institute of banking and finance singapore.
about 90 per cent of branch colleagues in singapore have completed the programme and deepened their digital skillsets.
we help educate our customers on the latest scam tactics and share tips on how they can protect themselves.
3. offering resources for digital readiness efforts we work with the infocomm media development authority and other partners to promote digital awareness and adoption in singapore.
financial inclusion supporting smes in accessing bank financing and in digitalisation access to bank financing can be a challenge for many smes and uob has in place various solutions to address this funding gap.
we also support smes on their growth journey through digital transformation and sustainability innovation programmes offered by the finlab, our innovation accelerator.
uob business loan offered in singapore, the uob business loan is available to locally-incorporated companies with less than three years in operation or with low sales turnover.
more than 400 smes participated in the 2022 programme and learnt more about how they could tap technology and leverage uob's ecosystem solutions, u-solar, u-energy, and u-drive, for more sustainable business practices.
the greentech accelerator gta launched in 2022 by the finlab, the gta focuses on supporting high-growth greentech solution providers by connecting them to smes and corporates to solve problem statements in the areas of energy efficiency, zero-waste supply chain, carbon management and reporting.
more than 150 applications from more than 40 countries were received for the three-month programme, with 12 greentech firms qualifying for total funding of up to $150,000 for commercialisation of their solutions.
offering shariah-compliant financing - an alternative to conventional banking at its core, the purpose of islamic banking is to generate equitable, fair returns, with activities guided by the virtues of shariah that promote ethical, communal and socially-responsible values.
uob sustainability report 2022 67 financial inclusion we also support bank negara malaysia's vision for value-based intermediation, which promotes good banking practices and encourages sustainable consumer behaviours.
in 2022, we opened about 600 accounts for university students, providing them access to financial management tools, free takaful protection cover from rm1500 to rm10,000, and other free banking services.
we also engaged about 2,000 participants in financial literacy initiatives to share knowledge on financial management and how to combat financial scams.
one of the alif's key target areas is access to finance, focusing on high-growth companies in southeast asia that promote financial inclusion for marginalized groups, such as smallholder farmers and women micro-entrepreneurs.
how microfinance supports women-led entrepreneurship amartha, an alif portfolio company, was founded in 2010 as an impact-driven microfinance marketplace providing access to capital for the underserved or unbanked women micro-entrepreneurs in indonesia's rural communities.
as at the end of 2022, amartha supported more than 1.47 million women in their businesses across 51,000 villages in the country.
in addition, amartha has developed an inclusive finance framework to improve financial literacy and financial planning skills of its borrowers, with the aim to provide financial products such as savings accounts, micro-insurance and micro-leasing over time to help them in financial management.
siti's cloth-weaving business in klaten, central java siti's passion is to design woven fabrics, having learnt the skill of weaving from her late mother.
motivated to improve her family's income, she was determined to open a cloth-weaving business.
siti was introduced to amartha by her children and received funding to kickstart her business.
assisted by five women from her neighbourhood, siti can produce up to 400 pieces of woven cloth every month.
she accepts orders for muslim uniforms, written batik and woven jackets.
siti has the same mission as amartha, which is to help more women in her neighbourhood uplift their livelihoods.
every week, she teaches weaving to the women in her area, with a number of them even opening their own weaving businesses and ordering looms made by siti.
"i don'tonnes want to work for myself; i want my neighbours and children to feel the impact i've made." ms siti find out more uob venture management - supporting portfolio companies in creating positive impact financial inclusion our targets maintain 100 per cent completion of the 'cultivating a diverse & service inclusive workplace' and 'managing a diverse service environment' courses by branch colleagues in singapore.
moving across different community, residential and workplace locations every few months, the mobile branch supports outreach to new individual customers.
recognition and awards highly acclaimed, best atm innovation at the digital banker's global retail banking innovation awards 2022 best robo advisory initiative winner at the digital banker's global retail banking innovation awards 2022 there are no tables or charts in this image to extract.
develop professionals of principle talent development and inclusion page 71 workplace safety, health and well-being page 79 uob sustainability report 2022, page 70 talent development and inclusion our people are our greatest asset and we are dedicated to empowering our colleagues to make a positive difference.
we do this by building an inclusive organisation that encourages the best from our colleagues, and by developing them through professional development programmes.
this way, we also ensure that we attract and retain talent with the right skillsets and values.
to help them stay relevant, competitive and fulfilled, we are committed to an environment where our people feel recognised and valued.
guided by the uob way, our culture fosters the principles of care, growth and trust for our people.
uob is an equal opportunity employer and our approach to diversity and inclusion is an important element in our strategy to attract, to develop and to retain talent for the group.
diversity provides our organisation with the ability to draw upon different experiences and perspectives, and fosters innovative thinking to solve business challenges for sustainable growth.
under our recruitment policy, we practice non-discriminatory hiring, with all hiring decisions based on each individual's merit and suitability for the role in accordance with business needs, job requirements and qualifications.
respect of human rights is central to a safe and harmonious working environment in which all our colleagues are encouraged to develop their skills and rewarded on the basis of individual and team performance.
we sharpen our people's skillsets and mindsets through a wide range of technical and personal development programmes, and offer internal career opportunities and access to coaching as essential components of our approach to creating a dynamic and engaged workforce.
our human resources policy sets out the principles for managing various aspects of human resource management, such as: strategy and planning; hiring; performance management; talent management; learning and development; and career development.
the policy is reviewed annually and approved by the human resources committee.
find out more talent development and inclusion our code of conduct and upholding human rights uob is committed to building a safe, nurturing and inclusive workplace where all colleagues are treated respectfully, professionally, and are given equal opportunity based on merit.
we promote work-life harmony and an environment free from discrimination, bullying, and harassment.
we also take guidance from internationally-accepted human rights principles and standards such as the universal declaration of human rights, united nations guiding principles on business and human rights, and the international labour organization declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work, including those relating to non-discrimination, child labour, forced labour, freedom of association, and collective bargaining.
our expectations of our people are laid out in our values-based uob code of conduct , which prohibits any kind of discrimination, bullying, or harassment, whether based on a person's race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, colour, creed, religion, national origin, nationality, citizenship, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, culture, ancestry, veteran status, socio-economic status, or any other legally-protected characteristic.
all colleagues are also required to refresh their knowledge and to renew their commitment to our code each year.
we help deepen their understanding and embed the practice of our code through frequent and interactive communications across the organization.
the uob code of conduct is reviewed annually and updated to stay relevant with the times and to address regulatory requirements and policy changes.
it is approved by the human resources committee.
freedom of association we respect our colleagues' lawful right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.
our approach is to maintain mutually-trusted and respectful relations with employee unions.
in singapore, we engage three unions: the banking and financial services union, the singapore bank employees' union, and the singapore manual & mercantile workers' union.
we engage four unions in malaysia national union of bank employees, sarawak bank employees' union, sabah bank employees' union, and association of bank officers peninsular malaysia and one in indonesia serikat pekerja united overseas bank . the collective bargaining agreements we have with the unions cover wages and working conditions such as working hours of training per employee, retirement age and re-employment, shift work, allowances, transport reimbursement, leave benefits, medical benefits, insurance benefits, and grievance procedures.
colleagues who can be represented by unions include: all employees in indonesia; officer ii or below in malaysia; and senior officer or below in singapore.
championing diversity and inclusion at uob, diversity spans gender, culture, ethnicity, nationality, experience and skillsets.
creating and maintaining a supportive work environment in which every individual can succeed in their career is a critical part of our strategy in serving the needs of our diverse customer base.
across the group, there are 49 nationalities represented by our colleagues.
excludes employees from citigroup in malaysia and thailand we foster a family-friendly culture through supporting our employees who are parents.
our care measures may differ in certain markets based on local requirements include: leave maternity leave of up to 16 weeks; shared parental leave of up to four weeks, in addition to paternity leave of up to 10 days; infant care no-pay leave of up to six days; facilities dedicated nursing rooms, which are fully equipped, including security access for greater privacy; apparel branch apparel that caters to colleagues with specific needs, for instance those who are pregnant or are required to don customary modest clothing.
talent development and inclusion we value people who can contribute their skills and experience, as part of our inclusive people strategy.
our gig employment model in singapore, gig+u, enables retirees and women who have left the workforce to take on flexible work that suits their needs and work-life priorities.
employees hired under gig+u receive equal pay and enjoy the same benefits such as leave entitlements and medical insurance coverage as their peers with similar roles in the bank, subject to their employment status.
at uob scan hub, 35 per cent of our colleagues are persons with disabilities and we create meaningful employment and career opportunities based on their abilities.
we continue to partner autism resource centre arc and spd in singapore in a structured training programme for persons with disabilities to ensure that work processes and office environments are suited for their needs.
we were once again recognised by bloomberg in its 2023 gender-equality index gei as one of singapore’s best inclusive workplaces.
the bloomberg gei recognises companies worldwide that demonstrate commitment to advancing an inclusive workplace through their policies, workforce representation and transparency in gender-related practices.
uob was one of only six companies in singapore to be represented in the 2023 bloomberg gei.
managing employee performance uob is committed to fostering a meritocratic and high-performance workplace culture.
the peak framework is designed to support career development by assessing and rewarding performance in an objective and fair manner.
using the peak framework, colleagues consult their managers to establish their business and personal development goals at the start of the year.
in 2022, all eligible permanent employees¹ were assessed through performance appraisals against agreed kpis and job-related competencies.
1 eligible permanent employees exclude new hires with less than six months of service, employees on extended leave, and employees who have resigned, among others.
talent development and inclusion our peak process is supplemented by: the performance and development council pdc , where at the end of each year, senior management discuss employees' performance and development needs in a fair and transparent manner.
they focus on performance calibration, assessment of employee potential, promotion endorsements and development recommendations.
employees then receive feedback on areas for improvement to support their professional growth and career development; and 360° feedback, through which direct reports, peers and internal stakeholders provide anonymous feedback on the appraisee for important but hard-to-measure behaviours such as values, collaboration and employee development.
applying to first vice presidents and above, this exercise enables the pdc to gain a more holistic view of each employee they are assessing.
developing talent and leaders uob has several core learning and development programmes to help our people develop the technical and leadership skills they will need to have successful careers.
these include: the leadership acceleration programme, which provides high-potential high performers with leadership development and executive coaching, job rotations and strategic project assignments, senior management exposure and opportunities to accelerate their career within the organisation; the uob leadership academy, which delivers a blend of experiential and application-based learning for our high-performing talents in collaboration with leading global business schools such as columbia, massachusetts institute of technology and tuck.
in 2022, 335 colleagues successfully completed uob leadership academy courses; the leadership right by you programme, our flagship leadership and managerial skills programme covering courses for individual contributors, first line managers and managers of managers; the better u programme, an upskilling programme accredited by the institute of banking and finance singapore ibf that is designed to equip employees with knowledge and competencies to stay relevant and thrive in an ever-changing environment.
in 2022, we extended specialist learning tracks on project management, data analytics and artificial intelligence to all eligible colleagues across the group – a target that we had set to achieve in 2023; and the management associate programme, an 18-month programme that provides fresh graduates with opportunities to build their skills across the organisation through: job rotations, including regional rotation and exposure; training in areas including financial management, leadership, personal effectiveness, and risk management and controls; and a mentoring and buddy programme that helps in their understanding of uob and for career advisory.
we also support career mobility through our: career conversion programme, which is open to colleagues in group channels and digitalisation, group finance, wholesale operations readiness centre, digital human resources, human resource operations and talent and development.
to date, close to 1,500 colleagues participated in the programme; and pivot programme, which offers reskilling opportunities for colleagues to move to roles within the organisation that may be in greater demand or be of greater relevance.
the 12-month programme enables participants to undergo comprehensive reskilling through on-the-job and structured training to facilitate a successful transition to a new role.
in addition, we provide our people with access to more than 8,000 online courses through our collaboration with linkedin learning and other course providers.
in 2022, we invested a total of $25.9 million in training our people across the group.
talent development and inclusion measuring employee engagement as part of monitoring the sentiment of our colleagues towards uob, and by extension their belief, belonging and trust levels, we conduct annual engagement surveys.
our targets achieve at least an average of six training days per employee across the group each year.
we achieved an average of 7.9 training days in 2022. achieve 50 per cent year-on-year increase in the number of singapore colleagues attending at least one better u programme or workshop in 2023. 2022 highlights in 2022, we launched the uob way, our commitment to nurturing an environment where our people feel recognised and valued.
it guides the policies and programmes that we create to ensure that they are focused on engagement and culture, learning and development, career planning and progression, flexible work arrangement, fair compensation and rewards, among other people-related matters.
why building the future of asean how people philosophy helping more people return to work through gig+u during the year, we expanded our gig+u programme to include women in addition to retirees.
as part of the expansion, we opened up 200 jobs in singapore that are suited to women who require more flexibility at work due to familial responsibilities.
these include full- and part-time jobs as well as gig work in uob's various business units.
we also collaborate with mums@work, an established career portal which pairs women looking for flexi-work with potential employers, to ensure that these new hires are well-supported when they restart their careers with uob.
"it takes an organisation like uob to invest, to trust and to provide a platform for women like me to catapult back into the workforce.
the support extended by the hiring teams, the flexibility in policy and the confidence building through training and coaching has helped me hit the ground running.
personally, as a mum returning to work, it has not only made me dream big but i also know that i can achieve my dream." ms felicia fernandes uob thomson road branch in addition to gig+u, we offered re-employment opportunities to 208 colleagues, including 146 women, in singapore who were eligible for retirement.
since the start of the programme in 2014, we have re-hired 1,436 colleagues, including 836 women.
talent development and inclusion creating a diverse and inclusive workplace in 2022, uob scan hub celebrated its 10th anniversary, with more than 100 senior leaders, community partners and uob scan hub employees gathering for this significant milestone, including the sustained employment of people with disabilities — from six in 2013 to 30 in 2022. promoting inclusive hiring among our clients uob's the unlimited programme connects businesses in singapore to inclusive hiring as a sustainable business solution.
the programme is supported by our partnership with sg enable and social service agencies, including arc, movement for the intellectually disabled minds and spd.
it informs our corporate clients about alternative sources of talent, and offers advice on minor job accommodations within office environments and business processes that are suited to the needs of persons with disabilities.
in 2022, we hosted an event for 35 companies across various sectors to share with them the benefits of inclusive hiring, and how they can get started on this journey through the unlimited programme.
two in three companies that attended the session indicated ‘yes’ to adopting inclusive hiring and uob has since scoped a total of 40 job vacancies with our clients.
since the launch of the unlimited programme in 2019, we engaged more than 200 companies in singapore, and are continuing to support our clients closely as they move towards inclusive hiring as a sustainable manpower solution for the long term.
in addition, we regularly share the business benefits of inclusive employment at partner forums to raise awareness among business leaders and members of the public.
such events included ‘the greater good for all milestones celebration of the movement for normalising diversity and inclusion ’ masterclass organised by human capital singapore and sg enable, with president halimah yacob as the guest of honour.
our commitment to disability-inclusive employment was recognised when we received the enabling mark platinum accreditation from sg enable — the only financial institution out of six organisations to receive the highest tier of accreditation.
find out more the unlimited talent development and inclusion deepening our people's capabilities and competencies in 2022, we launched the group technology and operations gto academy for our 5,000-strong technology and operations workforce to be upskilled and certified as part of their learning journey.
we also rolled out a 12-month technology development programme for 75 fresh graduates and young professionals in singapore to gain skills in areas such as cybersecurity, software and information technology infrastructure through practical on-the-job training with formal classroom studies.
conducted in partnership with the infocomm media development authority, this programme is open to all graduates with or without technology experience from universities, polytechnics and institutes of technical education.
upon completion of the programme, participants will receive industry-recognised certifications in areas such as devops, oracle certified java programmer and information technology infrastructure library.
during the year, we also embarked on a six-month pilot of a new learning experience platform that we aim to launch group-wide by early 2024. more than 3,000 employees are participating in the pilot to help improve the effectiveness of our digital learning capabilities.
promoting pride and sustainability in 2022, uob launched our sharpened corporate purpose, which helps to support the bank's three strategic focus areas for future growth: connectivity, personalisation and sustainability.
in singapore, the apparel were repurposed into lifestyle items such as small pouches and laptop bags and sold internally to colleagues, with the proceeds donated to children in need at the arc children's centre.
in thailand, the apparel were turned into eco-friendly art installations, with surplus materials donated to the office of social development's bangkok metropolitan administrator vocational training schools to support sewing and fashion courses for the unemployed and those from a disadvantaged background.
, , . recognition and awards one of only six singapore firms included in the 2023 bloomberg gei enabling mark platinum accreditation from sg enable ibf inspire award by the ibf silver for both diversity and inclusion, and hr innovation at the hr excellence award 2022 by human resources online winner of hr asia best companies to work for in asia 2022 - singapore edition talent management and organization with best employee relations awards at the global hr excellence awards 2022 excellence in talent management at the retail banker international awards 2022 memberships member of ibf member of singapore national employers federation . contribution to the un sdgs.
workplace safety, health and well-being as a responsible employer, we recognise that safe and healthy working conditions are a globally-recognised human right and are committed to providing a workplace environment where our colleagues can perform at their best.
taking care of our people's well-being also enables us to improve our overall productivity, drive our performance and retain our talent for sustainable growth.
our approach at uob, the safety and well-being of our colleagues, customers, contractors and tenants are central to our operations and dna.
we take guidance from the singapore workplace safety and health wsh act, and the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights and the international labour organization conventions in our approach to maintaining a safe and healthy working environment.
group corporate real estate services is responsible for safeguarding our workplace from physical and operational risk, and works with internal stakeholders through various policies and guidelines, including: the group physical security policy, which mandates the measures and actions that are to be taken to ensure a safe and secure environment that withstands a wide range of physical security threats; the group facilities management and safety policy, which sets out the required actions for: facility management for preventative, reactive and planned repairs and maintenance; pandemic and infectious diseases management; and adherence to our environment-related commitment and targets; and local guidelines and operational manuals in relation to workplace safety and health.
in addition, our group operational risk management policy requires business and support units to report workplace safety and health incidents in their respective markets, as well as investigations to identify the root causes of reported workplace safety and health incidents, and to develop corrective action plans to prevent future occurrences.
the combination of incident reporting and krcsa facilitates the prompt identification and rectification of ineffective workplace safety and health controls.
for example, our facilities management portal enables employees, workers, and tenants in singapore and thailand to report facility-related issues.
further, under our human resources policy, we are committed to providing our people with inclusive and flexible work arrangements so that they can better manage their work-life needs.
building conducive and high-performance workplaces we take practicable measures to reduce risks and to ensure the safety and health of our colleagues, customers, as well as contractors and all who work within uob-owned and managed buildings.
these measures include: communicating all relevant health and safety procedures that we have in place; reviewing our buildings' emergency response plans which stipulate the relevant actions to be taken to protect and evacuate building occupants under different emergency scenarios; there are no footnotes or additional notes in the provided image.
workplace safety, health and well-being conducting and reviewing risk assessments: conducting and reviewing appropriate contractors' risk assessments to identify and minimize any sources of risk.
setting workplace safety and health requirements: setting out workplace safety and health requirements for all vendors, suppliers, and contractors working at our premises and construction sites.
by providing a high-performance environment focused on ergonomics and comfort, we create workplaces that enable collaboration, innovation, productivity, and personal well-being.
through our studies to understand user patterns and utilization rates, we continually gather feedback to frame our approach to creating optimal and agile working environments.
as at the end of 2022, we transformed 790,000 area in square feet of office space in hong kong, malaysia, singapore, and thailand into high-performance workplaces.
caring for the well-being of our people we demonstrate the care we have for our people through our total employee wellness approach: 1. physical wellness: we invest in the physical wellness of our colleagues by providing avenues for them to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
the support we provide includes comprehensive medical and lifestyle benefits for our employees and their dependents, as well as privileges through partnerships with leading healthcare and lifestyle providers.
2. mental wellness: we believe in creating a workplace environment where there is open dialogue and support to foster a positive state of mental health.
our frequent and regular mental wellness days provide our colleagues with various tools and skills to manage their own mental health.
3. financial wellness: we seek to equip our colleagues with financial management fundamentals and strategies through financial literacy talks and workshops.
4. intellectual wellness: we provide avenues for our colleagues to explore potential hobbies to stimulate their mind and self-enhancement activities to improve their personal lives.
as a progressive and caring employer with a long-term focus, we aim to offer a dynamic workplace with more balanced ways of working that enables our people to fulfill their personal responsibilities.
our flexible work arrangements include: hybrid working: hybrid working so that colleagues in eligible roles can have the flexibility to work from home or at a location other than the assigned workplace within the city of their work location.
more than half our colleagues across the group have benefitted from hybrid working, with average engagement levels increasing four percentage points in 2022 compared with the previous year.
flexi2: flexi2 for full-time employees to take two hours of training per employee paid time-off from work every month to attend to their personal matters.
workplace safety, health and well-being staggered work hours of training per employee for full-time employees to adjust their start- and end-of-day work times to suit their professional and personal commitments; and shortened working hours of training per employee on fridays for employees to start their weekends earlier.
we also offer part-time work to support employees with multiple responsibilities, such as mothers, part-time students, and those with eldercare commitments, to continue working with us.
“2022 was a challenging year for me.
after losing my mother the year before, i became the primary caregiver for my father who had undergone an operation.
on top of that, i was supporting my daughter for her exams.
this arrangement enabled me to balance my work and family needs, and gave me the space needed to look after my physical and mental health while attaining job satisfaction.” ms tang shi min group technology and operations we also invest in the health and wellness of our people through our healthcare framework, healthy employees, active lifestyles heal . it comprises three key components: core coverage, which covers basic medical coverage and health screening; care, which offers reimbursements for various healthcare and wellness expenses; and supplementary coverage, which covers options for alternative treatment and additional assistance, including complimentary counselling helplines to help colleagues manage stress.
our targets achieve the singapore building and construction authority-health promotion board bca-hpb green mark for healthier workplaces gmhw certifications for all new and renovated commercial offices by 2025. we received three gmhw certifications in 2022. convert another 180,000 area in square feet of high-performance workplaces across uob key buildings in singapore by 2025. we transformed 790,000 area in square feet of office space in hong kong, malaysia, singapore and thailand into high-performance workplaces as at the end of 2022. workplace safety, health and well-being 2022 highlights during the year, we completed the installation of enhanced facial recognition readers with thermal scanners on the turnstiles in all of our wholly-owned and managed buildings in singapore, and headquarters in malaysia and thailand, meeting the target we set in 2021 for 2022. this enables contactless access for all our colleagues, tenants and registered visitors into our properties, while the biometric identity authentication-based access eliminates the risk of unauthorized use of other people's passes.
additional features such as facial recognition with mask-wearing can also be turned on in the event of local regulations or requirements.
continuing to provide care during covid-19 during the covid-19 lockdown in shanghai, china in 2022, many people were not allowed to leave their homes or neighbourhoods, while a number of our colleagues stayed at uob plaza for two months to ensure the continuity of the bank's operations in the city.
to support our colleagues and to ensure their mental wellness during these times, we engaged professional coaches and therapists from octave institute to conduct various wellness courses online, including sound healing, meditation, breathing exercises and flow yoga.
these courses were designed to help relieve colleagues' stress and instill a positive mindset.
we also made available other courses in areas such as healthy eating, social connection and physical fitness.
in recognition of our preparedness in the areas of physical security, fire safety and in ensuring our colleagues' workplace safety and health, we received outstanding individual awards at the national safety and security watch group award ceremony 2022 for four of our buildings in singapore, namely uob plaza 1, uob plaza 2, uob alexandra building and uob tampines centre.
"i am truly grateful for having the opportunity to participate in the bank's covid-19 care courses.
i feel empowered and the courses are effective in managing stress, reducing anxiety and bringing peace of mind.
for some courses, colleagues across functions even gathered during their lunchtime to share, learn, reflect and appreciate how to focus on 'here and now' while preparing for 'far and future." ms susan shi wei wholesale banking business management, uob china workplace safety, health and well-being recognition and awards one platinum and two gold plus green mark for healthier workplaces awards for uob-owned and managed offices in singapore national safety and security watch group outstanding individual awards for uob plaza 1, uob plaza 2, uob alexandra building and uob tampines centre best workplace practices award at the global hr excellence awards 2022 great place to work certification 2022 for uob china memberships member of the safety and security watch group by the singapore police force and singapore civil defence force contribution to the un sdgs uphold corporate responsibility governance and risk culture page 85 regulatory compliance page 89 information security page 93 direct environmental impact page 95 sustainable procurement page 102 community stewardship page 104 there is no tabular or chart data in the provided image.
governance and risk culture strong governance and robust risk culture are crucial to organisational success, value creation and sustainability.
we are committed to upholding the highest ethical and corporate governance standards, and to ensuring that emerging risks are identified, assessed, escalated and addressed in a timely manner.
in establishing and maintaining a culture of accountability, responsibility and ethical behaviour and practices, we safeguard the long-term interests of, and create value for, our stakeholders.
our approach uob's strong corporate governance and risk culture are built on our values of honour, enterprise, unity and commitment, and are core to the group's broader organisational culture.
our corporate governance is based on a partnership between our board and management, supported by a system of comprehensive risk frameworks, policies, methodologies, tools and processes by which we operate, measure and manage material risks and opportunities.
we evaluate our governance approach and risk frameworks regularly, and revise them if necessary, to ensure that they are up to date, relevant and aligned with best practices.
our corporate governance framework sets out the relationships among our board, management, shareholders and other stakeholders.
our corporate governance framework the diagram shows a circular flow chart illustrating the components of uob's corporate governance framework, including board leadership, management committees, frameworks, policies, guidelines and procedures, regulatory requirements and guidelines, internal controls, and external assurance.
governance and risk culture our board provides entrepreneurial leadership and strategic direction to the bank.
it also provides leadership in promoting corporate governance, with the support of our management.
the board sets the tone from the top and inculcates an appropriate risk culture.
the board risk management committee brmc assists the board in overseeing the management of risks and the inculcation of an appropriate risk culture.
it approves the group risk culture and conduct risk framework, which sets out the governance structure for maintaining a strong risk culture and managing the conduct risk of the group.
the framework ensures that the risk culture and conduct risk of the group are systematically monitored and assessed, and the areas of concern proactively addressed.
in addition, our risk culture and conduct risk dashboard provides senior management and the brmc with an overview of the state of risk culture across the group.
we also ensure that through our 'speak up' channels and the uob whistle-blowing policy, our colleagues can share their views or raise matters of potential concern in a secure manner without fear of reprisal.
group audit tracks the status of all whistle-blowing cases and reports them to the board through the audit committee every quarter.
annually, each director is assessed on his/her independence, fitness and propriety to hold office, and performance.
find out more corporate governance, uob annual report 2022 risk management, uob annual report 2022 regulatory compliance 86 governance and risk culture our targets maintain a majority independent board.
this was achieved in 2022, with 70 per cent of directors on the board being independent.
it outlines the expectations of our people to understand and uphold our risk culture principles, as well as our individual and collective responsibilities to the bank and our stakeholders.
the handbook is available to all employees via our intranet.
our risk culture principles enforcing robust risk governance balancing growth with stability ensuring accountability for all our risk-based decisions and actions encouraging awareness, engagement and consistent behaviour in every employee as part of setting the tone from the top, our senior management regularly reinforces the importance of a strong risk culture.
at the session, he stressed the importance of maintaining a robust risk culture that supports uob's strategic objectives and reputation, as well as managing risks in the first line by business and support unit colleagues.
uob thailand also organised a virtual risk culture festival for colleagues to deepen their understanding of risk culture through fun-filled learning such as different games on topics such as information security and good market conduct practices.
contribution to the un sdgs the asean corporate governance awards are held once every two years.
in this regard, uob is committed to upholding the highest ethical standards, through complying with local laws and regulations, as well as preventing financial crime such as insider trading, bribery, corruption, fraud and money laundering.
we closely monitor regulatory and industry developments and actively engage with regulators, policymakers, and law enforcement agencies, as well our internal stakeholders such as our senior management committees and board for regular updates.
we ensure that we have in place robust protocols and processes to address evolving regulatory requirements, which include identifying, assessing, monitoring and managing regulatory compliance risks.
the uob code of conduct lays down the principles of personal and professional conduct and the requirement for all employees to uphold the highest ethical standards.
we have a zero tolerance policy to breaches of the uob code of conduct.
all employees are required to complete online learning modules and assessment, as well as annual refresher training on: the uob code of conduct; insider trading and market misconduct; foreign account tax compliance act fatca ; all board directors, management executive committee and management committee members also receive regular training on aml/cft and sanctions, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and anti-fraud.
the uob whistle-blowing policy is reviewed annually and approved by the board audit committee.
non-adherence to the policy may subject an employee to disciplinary action.
our fatca and crs governance frameworks are reviewed annually and approved by the board risk management committee.
in addition to online learning, employees are kept informed of updates to the frameworks via email.
upholding high aml/cft and sanctions standards the uob aml/cft and sanctions framework aims to detect and prevent the risks associated with money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions.
the framework includes programmes relating to risk assessment, employee training, customer due diligence, transaction monitoring, as well as investigating and reporting of potential suspicious activity to relevant regulatory bodies.
we also have in place dedicated group and country money laundering reporting officers or other similar roles as required by local regulators . we require all employees to comply with uob's group aml/cft and sanctions policy, as well as applicable laws.
the policy is reviewed annually and approved by the anti-money laundering committee, which comprises senior management and oversees the management of aml/cft and sanctions risks for the group.
we regularly review our framework, policies, procedures, programmes and transaction monitoring systems to ensure their robustness and compliance with regulatory requirements.
the framework and the associated programmes are also audited by our internal and external auditors.
preventing bribery and corruption uob adopts a strong stance against bribery and corruption and the uob code of conduct specifies zero tolerance to bribery and corruption in all forms.
group legal provides advisory support for compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, as well as for the management of any identified risk.
regulatory compliance with respect to customer relationships, we regularly review and communicate applicable anti-corruption policies and procedures, including ensuring the inclusion of specific terms and conditions and/or contractual provisions where required.
we require our employees, contractors, vendors, third parties and other stakeholders to be aware of and to comply diligently with our anti-bribery and anti-corruption provisions.
we review our training module on anti-bribery and anti-corruption annually to ensure that the content is aligned with our overall objectives.
the board risk management committee provides corporate governance oversight of fraud risk under the group fraud risk management framework, while the group fraud risk management policy is reviewed annually and approved by the ormc.
fraud risks are also assessed as part of uob's annual key risk and control self-assessment exercise.
our branch colleagues are equipped with the spot sense, probe tactfully, observe and take action/inform checklist, developed jointly by ifm, group channels and digitalisation and the anti-scam command of the singapore police force spf . as the first line of defence, our colleagues are guided by the checklist on how to identify telltale signs of customers who may be victims of scams and how to prevent them from suffering losses.
advisories on latest fraud trends and prevention tips are also available on myuob for all employees.
such communications include: scam alerts; educational videos; and updates on new security measures.
there were no reported cases of significant non-compliance with relevant anti-bribery/corruption laws nor confirmed cases of bribery or corruption, and no material losses as a result of legal proceedings or card-related fraud in 2022. maintain 100 per cent completion by all eligible employees of mandatory e-learning on aml/cft and sanctions, fraud awareness, anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
this was achieved in 2022. 2022 highlights our frontline colleagues have found the spot checklist very useful in combating fraud.
mr joshua wee, the branch manager, and his team stopped an elderly customer from transferring more than $80,000 to a fraudster who asked for monetary help to release a parcel held in transit.
in recognition of the efforts by mr wee and his team, he was presented an individual community partnership award by the spf commercial affairs department cad . in total, uob received six individual and two organisational community partnership awards for extending assistance to scam victims and recovering their funds, as well as prompt scam reporting to the singapore anti-scam centre.
we also stayed updated on emerging trends by attending seminars and conferences on scam awareness and prevention, as well as corruption.
stopping a phishing attempt in indonesia in indonesia, we helped protect a corporate banking client from a phishing attempt after realising a difference between a remittance payment advice and the beneficiary account number.
recognition and awards community partnership awards – two organisation and six individual awards – by the spf cad, in recognition of our efforts in fraud prevention plaque from the deputy commissioner of police investigation & intelligence at the 8 th alliance of public private cybercrime stakeholders appact networking session, in recognition of our contributions and collaboration with the singapore police force to fight cybercrime memberships steering committee member of the anti-money laundering/ countering the financing of terrorism industry partnership acip in singapore member of the anti-corruption partnership network acpn set up by the cpib corporate alliance member of the association of certified fraud examiners acfe , the world's largest anti-fraud organisation active member of appact set up by the cybercrime command of singapore police force member of the association of banks in singapore's standing committee for fraud contribution to the un sdgs information security technology is integral to uob providing our customers with borderless, reliable and efficient services and solutions.
recognising that everyone plays a role in data protection and cybersecurity, we regularly train our people on information security and cybersecurity risks.
there were no material information security incidents reported in 2022. our targets maintain 100 per cent completion of mandatory information security training by employees across the group.
we also registered with the singapore infocomm media development authority's sms sender id registry as part of the collective efforts among regulators, law enforcement, public and private sector organisations to protect consumers from the surge in sms-related scams.
as we advance our digital capabilities, we will continue to increase our investments in our cyber resilience and security.
we also held a ‘security scavenger hunt’ to encourage learning while having fun.
information security to support the building of singapore's technology talent pipeline, we joined the advisory panel of cyber youth singapore cys , a youth-led non-profit organisation, during the year.
we also became a platinum sponsor of the cys seed sponsorship programme to help fund various initiatives including mentorship and volunteering programmes over the next five years.
in singapore, we also continued to support the institute of banking and finance's technology in finance immersion programme through providing work attachments for mid-career talent to transition into a technology career path and to develop their cybersecurity skills and knowledge further.
memberships chair of the abs standing committee on cyber security participant in the financial services information sharing and analysis center, a global cyber intelligence sharing community, to help strengthen the industry's collective defence against cyber attacks member of the cys advisory panel contribution to the un sdgs: 8, 16, 17 direct environmental impact we are committed to conserving resources and reducing carbon emissions for the well-being of our stakeholders and future generations.
we are also cognisant of the direct environmental impact resulting from our operations across our network.
as our business continues to grow, we seek to mitigate our carbon footprint by building a more energy- and resource-efficient real estate portfolio and encouraging environmental stewardship at the workplace.
our approach our direct impact on the environment results primarily from consuming resources, including energy, water, paper, and other supplies.
the waste products resulting from the production, transport, consumption, and disposal of our resources include greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, wastewater and office waste.
as such, we concentrate our efforts on energy conservation and resource management through optimisation, digitalisation and workflow automation, and stay committed to managing our premises efficiently in alignment with industry best practices and leading green building certification standards.
we also seek to contribute to the singapore green plan 2030 and the singapore green building masterplan, and to meet the mandatory sustainability standards for the built environment in the markets in which we operate.
energy conservation and resource management we work actively to achieve measurable reductions in energy and resource consumption by adopting new and efficient technologies to upgrade our current systems.
in 2022, we continued to deploy smart lighting systems with highly-efficient light-emitting diodes led , as well as smart lift destination control systems which help to enhance operational efficiency, reduce waiting time and electricity consumption.
we also continued to improve the energy efficiency of our existing data centres through energy conservation measures, such as retrofitting our air-conditioning systems and adopting more efficient uninterruptable power systems upss . green building certifications to achieve holistic sustainability performance for our properties, we use leading green building certification schemes, such as the singapore building and construction authority's bca green mark, for our newly-acquired or retrofitted buildings and office spaces.
we received our first bca green mark certification in 2013. we adhere to the requirements of the latest green building rating criteria including the bca green mark 2021 for the design of systems in our buildings.
in addition, we are conducting a feasibility study for energy conservation measures for a typical uob branch, with the aim of scaling such solutions across our branches regionally and in turn, expedite our decarbonisation plans.
direct environmental impact achieving carbon neutrality in 2021, uob became the first singapore bank to achieve operational carbon neutrality for our own footprint, including our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 business air travel emissions.
we are committed to maintaining our carbon neutrality as we move towards a low carbon economy.
in this regard, we have established a decarbonisation roadmap for our real estate portfolio through the deployment of energy conservation measures, use of renewable energy and power purchase agreements ppas , and carbon offsets.
we are also looking into identifying and measuring the other categories of our scope 3 emissions.
our long-term roadmap to maintaining carbon neutrality energy efficiency: we are adding more sustainability features across our buildings, including: more efficient led lighting systems smart building sensors to manage lighting and lifts optimally upgraded air-conditioning systems with lower energy use renewable energy: we will switch to clean energy sources through: renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates in projects, such as solar, wind and geothermal virtual power purchase agreements from projects such as solar carbon offsets: we will support carbon emissions reduction programmes such as: solar energy and solar cooker projects biomass waste-to-energy projects nature-based projects we have stepped up our efforts in procuring from renewable sources the electricity we consume across our network.
as a consumer, we aim to contribute, over the mid to long term, to additional renewable generation capacity in the region via ppas or virtual ppas vppas . for energy consumption in our home market, singapore, we are exploring vppas, bundled with renewable energy certificates, with renewable energy developers that have projects in countries such as singapore, indonesia, malaysia and australia.
where ppas and vppas are not feasible or available, we will purchase unbundled renewable energy certificates to address our electricity consumption.
in 2022, we purchased and redeemed a total of 133,300 solar and wind renewable energy certificates from mainland china, hong kong, indonesia, malaysia, thailand and vietnam to address 100 per cent of our electricity consumption in all our key markets.
all the purchased renewable energy certificates are certified by the international renewable energy certificate i-rec or tradable instrument for global renewables tigr standards.
to create demand for renewable energy within the markets in which we operate, we purchased local renewable energy certificates whenever possible.
exceptions were applied to singapore and malaysia, where renewable energy certificates were procured from vietnam due to a limited supply of local renewable energy certificates.
specifically for malaysia, additional renewable energy certificates were procured from vietnam on top of local renewable energy certificates.
direct environmental impact carbon offsets we aim to reduce energy consumption and use renewable energy to mitigate the majority of our operational carbon emissions.
however, we recognise that there will be hard-to-abate emissions in particular scope 1 and scope 3 emissions which may only be addressed through the use of carbon offsets.
we seek to ensure that the carbon offsets we purchase are real, quantifiable, additional, permanent and registered with international standards.
in 2022, we purchased and retired 10,906 carbon offsets to address our scope 1, residual scope 2¹, and scope 3 business air travel emissions.
as part of our commitment to advancing the renewable energy sector in the region, we sourced carbon offsets from a solar power project in vietnam certified by the verified carbon standard, as well as solar cooker and biomass waste-to-energy projects in mainland china, certified by the gold standard and the verified carbon standard respectively.
the solar cooker project facilitates the transition of burning coal for cooking to clean solar cookers at funiushan in henan province, china.
this improves both indoor and outdoor air quality, and eliminates carbon emissions from the cooking process.
. our targets maintain operational carbon neutrality for our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 business air travel emissions.
this was achieved in 2022. achieve green building certifications for all key wholly-owned uob buildings by 2030. as at the end of 2022, eight out of 14 buildings have been certified as green buildings with four bca green mark platinum awards, three green mark gold plus awards and one leed platinum award.
we expect uob plaza shanghai in china to achieve bca green mark certification in 2023. 2022 highlights the deployment of energy-efficient lighting systems for our properties in singapore, indonesia, thailand, vietnam and mainland china.
our efforts in 2022 resulted in estimated energy savings of 1,187,820 kilowatt-hours of training per employee kilowatt-hours , equivalent to powering 250 four-room flats in singapore for a year².
our china headquarters, uob plaza shanghai, also received the leed platinum award, the first-ever leed certification for our wholly-owned buildings.
the award recognises the building's sustainable features, including energy-efficient led lighting, lift and pantry boiler systems, good indoor air quality as verified by a third-party auditor, sub-metering for major water usage, garbage bins to facilitate waste classification and recycling, a semi-outdoor sky garden and a paved garden on the ground floor.
we will continue to work towards developing highly sustainable workplaces that drive inclusiveness and enhance well-being beyond sustainability.
notes: 1. residual scope 2 are emissions left after the offset by the renewable energy certificates.
for 2022, this primarily arose from our overseas branches' scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
2. according to the energy market authority singapore, the average monthly electricity consumption of a singapore four-room housing flat ranges from 354 to 396 kilowatt-hours.
direct environmental impact during the year, we started to deploy in malaysia, singapore and thailand our workspace booking system that enables our employees to reserve workspaces at uob's office premises or amenities.
beyond maintaining operational carbon neutrality for our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 business air travel emissions, in 2022, we partnered with dhl to reduce our carbon footprint for our international shipping activities.
with assistance from dhl, we tracked our shipment activities, qualified their carbon emissions, and offset the generated emissions through purchase of carbon credits generated by projects accredited by the internationally-recognised gold standard.
managing our environmental footprint purchased grid electricity our energy consumption across the region reduced by 2.3 per cent as compared with 2018, totalling 135.3 gigawatt-hours of training per employee gigawatt-hours . overall energy use intensity, measured in kilowatt-hours per square metre m² of floor space, improved by 14.2 per cent over the same period.
excluding data centres, the energy use intensity of our offices and branches reduced by 16.7 per cent.
. uob sustainability report 2022, page 98 direct environmental impact greenhouse gas emissions our scope 2 emissions reduced by 3.3 per cent to 69.3 thousand total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide-equivalent tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent when compared with 2018. our overall emissions intensity measured in kilogram kilograms of co₂-equivalent per m² of floor space reduced by 14.9 per cent over the same period.
excluding data centres, the emissions intensity of our office and branches decreased by 17.4 per cent.
table: greenhouse gas emissions and intensity 2018-2022 year: 2018, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 71.7, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 82.0, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 10.3, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 102.0, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 131.7 year: 2020, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 68.8, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 70.3, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 1.5, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 94.0, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 128.2 year: 2021, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 66.6, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 71.6, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 4.0, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 86.8, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 119.1 year: 2022, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 69.3, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 84.3, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 5.8, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 79.1, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 112.1 table end.
waste recycled and disposed our data for 2022 and 2021 cover all branches and offices in our key markets, including estimates from sites where we could not obtain actual data.
compared with 2018, waste collected in 2022 increased 47.4 per cent, attributed to the expanded reporting scope, as well as employees' gradual return to office amid recovery from the pandemic.
of the 2,585 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of waste generated in 2022, 32.5 per cent was recycled and 33.6 per cent was processed at waste-to-energy incineration plants.
overall waste disposal intensity measured in kilograms of waste per m² of floor space improved by 37.8 per cent over the same period.
table: waste recycled and disposed 2018-2022 year: 2018, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 609, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 259, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 886, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 4.4 year: 2020, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 618, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 311, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 611, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 3.6 year: 2021, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 668, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 733, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 751, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 2.7 year: 2022, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 839, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 878, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 868, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 2.8 table end.
direct environmental impact water usage data for 2022 include water withdrawal from well sources in water-stressed regions, primarily in java, indonesia, one of our key markets.
we installed several water meters, deriving the usage of 12,800 cubic meters from well water sources within this region and are considering alternatives to this practice in indonesia.
our water consumption in 2022 decreased by 5.8 per cent to 497,600 cubic meters when compared with 2018. overall water consumption intensity measured in cubic meters of water per m² of floor space improved by 21.3 per cent over the same period.
on a year-on-year basis, water consumption in 2022 increased due to employees' gradual return to office amid recovery from the pandemic.
table: water usage data 2018-2022 year: 2018, water usage thousand cubic meters : 528.4, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 1.0 year: 2020, water usage thousand cubic meters : 467.4, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.9 year: 2021, water usage thousand cubic meters : 404.6, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.7 year: 2022, water usage thousand cubic meters : 497.6, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.8 table end.
direct environmental impact purchased paper we purchased a total of 1,354 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of paper in 2022, 33.8 percent less than 2018. our sustainably-sourced paper, including fsc 100%, fsc mix and pefc-certified paper, made up 38.4 percent of the total amount.
methodology and adjustments we continually seek to apply the most appropriate methodologies to report relevant environmental data.
resource consumption and waste data pertaining to our business operations are based on our providers' invoices and information.
our scope 1, 2 and scope 3 emissions are derived in accordance with the most recent directives of the greenhouse gas protocol corporate standard, developed by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development.
global warming potential factors are based on the intergovernmental panel on climate change fourth assessment report.
scope 1 and scope 2 emissions are calculated based on location-based greenhouse gas conversion factors from international standards by the united kingdom department for environment, food and rural affairs defra and the international energy agency iea respectively.
scope 2 emissions are the main component of our emissions profile, arising from our purchase of grid electricity and outsourced data centres.
we report both the location-based and market-based emissions in this report.
in addition, we report emissions derived from air travel undertaken by employees for business purposes.
scope 3 includes our business air travel emissions.
when the bank acquires or divests any property within the year, we include the property's full-year energy consumption and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions when computing intensity figures for annualisation purpose.
the revised methodology includes all properties and provides more accurate energy and greenhouse gas emissions intensity figures for our operations.
waste data for 2018 to 2020 included only uob-owned buildings.
for leased spaces where we could not obtain actual data, we established waste unit rates based on the actual waste data from branches and offices within each market.
these waste unit rates were then extrapolated for sites without actual data.
sustainable procurement sustainable procurement is key to responsible business practices.
as we continue to deepen our presence across the region, we seek to align our procurement activities with our environmental, social and governance esg goals in a manner consistent with our values.
we support suppliers who are committed to strong corporate governance, regulatory compliance, human rights, ethical labour practices, environmental well-being, and who provide a safe and healthy work environment for their workers.
many of our purchases from suppliers are related to corporate services, real estate, information systems and manpower management.
we understand that there are esg risks associated with our suppliers’ activities and that the risks will vary depending on their sector, size and location.
these include risks related to modern slavery and human trafficking within our supply chain.
if a supplier is found to be non-compliant, we will request the supplier to present an improvement plan if one is not already in place.
labour and human rights suppliers shall provide equal opportunity for all their employees regardless of gender, religion, race, ethnicity, national origin, age, disability and sexual orientation.
suppliers shall ensure that no child, involuntary or forced labour is used in their operations.
suppliers shall provide fair pay and working conditions for employees.
suppliers shall promote a work environment free of physical, sexual or other forms of harassment, where employees are treated with respect and dignity.
environment, health and safety suppliers shall provide a safe and healthy work environment for their employees in line with their health and safety policy.
suppliers shall implement an effective environmental policy and/or have an environmental management system or plan to manage natural resource scarcity issues and to mitigate the environmental risks, impacts and dependencies of their products and/or services.
our targets have 90 per cent of our material suppliers in singapore acknowledge our gssp.
notes: the image contains logos for un sustainable development goals sdgs 5, 8, 12, and 16. community stewardship uob is committed to supporting the social development of the communities in which we operate through art, children, and education.
we believe these to be essential for the quality and progress of society.
over many decades, our efforts across the region have supported the young, especially the underprivileged, as well as those with special needs and with untapped talent.
our approach at uob, our corporate social responsibility csr efforts across the group come together under the uob heartbeat csr programme, which aims to create sustainable good for more caring and inclusive societies through the '3ps' of corporate philanthropy, stakeholder partnerships, and employee participation.
how we give back philanthropy: we are committed to helping improve lives and strengthen social fabric through financial and non-financial contributions such as donations in cash or in kind, sponsorships, scholarships, and the purchase of goods and services from charities.
partnerships: we maximize our corporate giving by connecting and collaborating with partners for greater reach and impact.
they include customers, business partners, vendors, community development councils, as well as institutions and artists who participate in our art competitions.
participation: we unite as one in giving our time, skills, and service to help build strong, inclusive, and caring communities.
we promote volunteerism that creates a sense of belonging for our colleagues and helps improve the lives of others.
art connects people, broadens minds, enriches lives, and strengthens societal bonds.
with our asian heritage and longstanding support of southeast asian art and ink art, we aim to nurture the next generation of great artists from the region.
children: developing the young to their full potential.
as children are the future, our efforts focus on helping them have a strong head start in life, inspiring them to express themselves and nurturing their talent as individuals.
education: laying the foundation for the future.
education is essential for the progress of a country, its economy, and its people.
we support learning opportunities for young minds, help bridge the digital divide, and develop the leaders of tomorrow.
our uob group csr policy ensures that all our csr activities are conducted in a concerted and distinctive manner that enables sustainable growth for the community.
the policy is reviewed annually and approved by the group human resources committee to ensure that our csr activities are aligned with uob's strategic direction and the needs of the community.
community stewardship our targets achieve an average of 1.75 volunteer hours of training per employee per employee per year across the group in 2023. we achieved more than 44,800 hours of training per employee of volunteering in 2022, which was close to a 40 percent increase from the previous year, and averaged 1.6 hours of training per employee per employee across the group.
contribute at least $2 million to support the social development of art across asia in 2023. we contributed more than $2.6 million in 2022. equip at least 8,000 students with digital literacy skills and/or digital learning tools in 2023. we equipped 7,311 youths with digital learning skills and tools through the uob my digital space programme across seven markets in 2022. 2022 highlights every year, we bring together our colleagues, customers and partners to make a positive difference to our communities.
in 2022, we raised more than $9.2 million in monetary and in-kind contributions for communities in need across the markets in which we operate.
championing southeast asian art and ink art we believe art plays an important role in fostering social inclusiveness and have been supporting artists across asia for more than four decades.
inaugurated in 1982, the annual art competition is the longest-running in singapore and one of the most prestigious in southeast asia.
since then, it has uncovered and nurtured more than 1,000 outstanding artists across singapore, indonesia, malaysia and thailand.
the 2022 uob southeast asian poy award was won by mr chomrawi suksom from thailand for his artwork titled dystopia , which depicts the present world that is undergoing constant developments and changes, affected by geopolitics, natural disasters, pandemics and social issues.
caption: portrait of mr chomrawi suksom community stewardship supporting budding artists we launched the 2022 uob poy competition with the 'wall of aspirations', a 7.5 metre-long community-painted wall mural at the inclusive community space, enabling village, in singapore.
ms denise phua, mayor of central singapore district, mr wee ee cheong, uob deputy chairman and chief executive officer, uob poy artists and budding artists from the little arts academy's mini monet advanced visual arts programme contributed to the painting of the mural, which commemorates the realising of dreams by artists, including those with special needs.
. in recognition of our long-term commitment to art, we were presented the national arts council's distinguished patron of the arts award in singapore for the 18th year in 2022. . connecting through differentiated art experiences in 2022, we pushed the boundaries of art and digital to extend the reach of art in new ways to the community: debuted 'skyartverse by uob' in decentraland, the first immersive art theme park in the metaverse, showcasing all 37 winning artworks from the 2022 uob poy competition across the four markets; partnered with art jakarta 2022 as the lead partner to showcase artworks by 10 uob poy artists, including 2021 uob poy indonesia country winner, ms meliantha muliawan, who created an experiential environmental art space that encouraged the use of creativity, sensibility, and imagination for children to learn more about biodiversity through educational workshops; and collaborated with the hong kong palace museum on the inaugural art in ink festival that experimented with the use of augmented reality and film screenings for visitors to experience the beauty of chinese ink art.
community stewardship amplifying our giving efforts more than 15,000 colleagues, customers and beneficiaries rallied for the 2022 uob global heartbeat run/walk, our flagship fundraising and volunteerism programme, to help improve the lives of disadvantaged children and families.
we raised a record of more than $2.3 million for 26 beneficiaries globally to provide them with essential food supplies and digital learning support.
in singapore, more than $1.6 million was raised for beneficiaries supported by food from the heart, children's wishing well, the president's challenge 2022 and care community services society.
together with our commercial banking clients in singapore, we also raised close to $1.9 million at our annual lunar new year fundraiser to support the business times budding artists fund, the straits times school pocket money fund, the central singapore community development council cdc as well as the uob-singapore management university asian enterprise institute.
community outreach programmes in 2022 across the region, our colleagues actively participated in community outreach programmes.
in 2022, we: launched heartbeat@heartlands in singapore, through which our branch colleagues volunteered with social service agencies within their vicinity to engage with beneficiaries and the community.
activities included scam awareness workshops, financial literacy and reading workshops, uob branch tours and grocery shopping trips with children from disadvantaged families.
more than 1,810 beneficiaries were engaged through this programme, which will be expanded across the region.
contributed vnd100 million $5,737 to vietnam fatherland front, a voluntary organisation dedicated to supporting poverty alleviation and the social development of vietnam.
raised more than $95,290 in cash and in-kind donations through various fundraising activities, to help meet the pandemic recovery needs of various community segments, particularly families, the elderly and the sick, in hong kong.
community stewardship bridging the digital divide uob supports programmes that develop the minds of children, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds and with special needs.
by enhancing the well-being of children and developing them to their full potential, we help build strong and inclusive communities.
the uob my digital space mds is our flagship regional education programme that is designed to help disadvantaged students by equipping them with digital tools and skills, and connecting them to wider learning opportunities.
in 2022, the programme benefitted 7,311 youths across the region through a series of digital literacy workshops and the sponsorship of 1,322 digital devices.
singapore we donated decommissioned uob-owned laptops and colleagues' used personal laptops, tablets and smart phones to children in need across social service agencies.
we also sponsored all refurbishment costs for these devices prior to donation.
our efforts provided children with access to learning from home, while giving used devices a new lease of life and reducing the amount of e-waste sent to landfills.
close to 1,300 children between 10 and 12 years old, including those from disadvantaged backgrounds, went through a two-day experimental and hands-on programming 'mission', picking up digital-making skills and learning opportunities in areas such as coding, robotics and 3d mapping.
indonesia in partnership with ganara art, we provided digital devices, internet data and art kits to 100 children from underprivileged families.
the children were able to engage in remote learning, including learning how to use art as a medium to express themselves.
malaysia we refurbished and donated 370 laptops to public schools, benefitting at least 500 students from the bottom 40 per cent of the malaysian household income group.
we also donated 15 new laptops to equip disadvantaged children for their digital learning journey.
this enabled more than 400 children living in rural areas to continue their education with the help of digital tools, comprising of computers, keyboards, mouse and printers.
this new digital classroom is aimed at providing students with access to a wider range of educational materials.
community stewardship promoting environmental stewardship we continued to support a range of initiatives to cultivate the adoption of more environmentally-sustainable practices among our colleagues and the wider community.
image of uob employees and students participating in an environmental activity as part of our 'waste to wonder' sustainability programme in thailand, we turned 4,070 kilograms of paper and used red packets into three recyclable cardboard furniture sets, comprising tables and stools, for donation to the wattrisamakkee school.
the students also learnt about the upcycling process and deepened their environmental awareness.
recognition and awards pinnacle award, the highest accolade awarded by the community chest in singapore, as well as the charity platinum award and the volunteer partner award distinguished patron of the arts award by the national arts council in singapore champion of good 2022 recognition conferred by the national volunteer and philanthropy centre in singapore people's association community spirit award – excellence by the central singapore cdc excellence in corporate social responsibility – silver at the marketing interactive's excellence awards 2022 award for arts sponsorship by the hong kong arts development council best csr bank in indonesia at the international finance awards 2022 best bank for csr in indonesia at the asiamoney best bank awards 2022 best social responsibility of brand at the 12th china philanthropy festival 2023 certificate of recognition at the saigon times csr awards 2022 image of the un sdgs logo and related icons appendix 111: sustainability in numbers 124: climate scenario analysis methodology 128: recognition and awards 130: memberships 131: gri content index 139: sasb index 142: tcfd index 143: un sdgs index 149: ungc ten principles index 150: glossary 154: external assurance uob sustainability report 2022 110 economic contributions financial highlights $ million item: total operating income, 2022: 11,575, 2021: 9,789, 2020: 9,176, 2019: 10,030, 2018: 9,116 item: dividends to shareholders, 2022: 2,089, 2021: 1,741, 2020: 1,990, 2019: 2,180, 2018: 2,052 item: operating expenses, 2022: 5,281, 2021: 4,313, 2020: 4,184, 2019: 4,472, 2018: 4,003 item: employee compensation & benefits, 2022: 3,001, 2021: 2,602, 2020: 2,501, 2019: 2,716, 2018: 2,447 item: profit before tax, 2022: 5,785, 2021: 4,937, 2020: 3,536, 2019: 5,174, 2018: 4,826 item: profit after tax, 2022: 4,573, 2021: 4,075, 2020: 2,915, 2019: 4,343, 2018: 4,008 item: income tax, 2022: 1,202, 2021: 850, 2020: 606, 2019: 812, 2018: 805 item: income tax as a percentage of profit before tax % , 2022: 20.8, 2021: 17.2, 2020: 17.1, 2019: 15.7, 2018: 16.7 table end.
sustainability in numbers sustainable financing metric: total green and sustainability-linked loans as at 31 december $ billion , 2022: 25.0, 2021: 16.8, 2020: 11.3, 2019: 6.6, 2018: - metric: green and sustainability-linked loans extended during the year $ billion , 2022: 8.2, 2021: 5.5, 2020: 4.7, 2019: 1.0, 2018: - metric: renewable energy generated by projects financed gigawatt-hours , 2022: 555.6, 2021: 279.5, 2020: 157.4, 2019: -, 2018: - metric: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions avoided through financing of renewable energy thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent , 2022: 359.0, 2021: 142.0, 2020: 77.3, 2019: -, 2018: - table end.
notes: 8. in accordance with the global greenhouse gas accounting and reporting standard for the financial industry, published by the partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf , an attribution factor or ratio is applied when calculating the amount of solar energy generated so that only uob's share in the total financing of each project is included.
9. greenhouse gas conversion factors are sourced from the international energy agency iea . 10. data for 2020 to 2021 were restated to reflect updates in computation methodology.
sustainability in numbers number of workers who are not employees 21 year: 2022, agency contract workers: 3,269, outsourced services workers: 499 year: 2021, agency contract workers: 1,604, outsourced services workers: - year: 2020, agency contract workers: 1,456, outsourced services workers: - year: 2019, agency contract workers: 1,271, outsourced services workers: - year: 2018, agency contract workers: 1,245, outsourced services workers: - table end.
notes: 21 data as at 31 december 2022. agency contract workers refer to individuals who are employed by third-party employment agencies to provide services to uob on a temporary basis, while outsourced services workers refer to those employed by third-party companies providing professional services to uob.
data collection for agency contract workers was expanded in 2022, while data for outsourced services workers were not available for 2018 to 2021. 22 local employees are citizens or permanent residents of the country in which they are employed.
sustainability in numbers percentage of employees by grade and gender % year: 2022, executive - male: 35.4%, executive - female: 64.6%, administrative - male: 27.7%, administrative - female: 72.3% year: 2021, executive - male: 35.4%, executive - female: 64.6%, administrative - male: 28.3%, administrative - female: 71.7% year: 2020, executive - male: 36.1%, executive - female: 63.9%, administrative - male: 28.3%, administrative - female: 71.7% year: 2019, executive - male: 37.5%, executive - female: 62.5%, administrative - male: 28.8%, administrative - female: 71.2% year: 2018, executive - male: 37.3%, executive - female: 62.7%, administrative - male: 28.9%, administrative - female: 71.1% table end.
sustainability in numbers new employee hire rate by gender % year: 2022, male: 26.7, female: 22.9 year: 2021, male: 15.1, female: 11.8 year: 2020, male: 8.4, female: 6.4 year: 2019, male: 25.3, female: 21.3 year: 2018, male: 30.7, female: 25.7 table end.
employee attrition rate by gender % 24, 25 year: 2022, male: 19.9, female: 17.4 year: 2021, male: 19.4, female: 15.2 year: 2020, male: 13.9, female: 10.3 year: 2019, male: 18.7, female: 17.0 year: 2018, male: 22.4, female: 19.9 table end.
parental leave : number of employees who took maternity leave, 2022: 496, 2021: 517, 2020: 247, 2019: 509, 2018: - : number of employees who took paternity leave, 2022: 201, 2021: 183, 2020: 172, 2019: 206, 2018: - : one-year retention rate of returning mothers % 27 , 2022: 82.3, 2021: 86.1, 2020: 76.6, 2019: 85.0, 2018: - table end.
workplace safety, health and well-being : number of recordable work-related injuries, 2022: 5, 2021: 8, 2020: 2, 2019: 9, 2018: 10 : rate of recordable work-related injuries 28 , 2022: 0.02, 2021: 0.03, 2020: 0.01, 2019: 0.03, 2018: 0.03 table end.
27. percentage of employees who remained in the organisation at least one year after returning from maternity leave.
28. refers to the number of reportable injuries per 100 full-time workers and is calculated as: n/h x 200,000, where n=number of injuries, h=total hours of training per employee worked by all employees in the year.
sustainability in numbers direct environmental impact energy consumption table: fuel consumption from non-renewable sources gigajoules fuel type: diesel, 2022: 1,861.6, 2021: 1,934.3, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - fuel type: petrol, 2022: 39,273.9, 2021: 37,407.6, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - fuel type: natural gas, 2022: 5,263.8, 2021: 6,276.2, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - fuel type: steam, 2022: 823.9, 2021: 1,579.4, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - table end.
table: fuel consumption from non-renewable sources gigawatt-hours 2022: 13.1, 2021: 13.1 table end.
table: purchased renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates gigawatt-hours 2022: 133.3, 2021: 127.7 table end.
table: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent scope 1: refrigerants, 2022: 2.5, 2021: 1.1 scope 1: fuel combustion, 2022: 0.3, 2021: 0.4 scope 1: owned/leased vehicles, 2022: 2.9, 2021: 2.8 scope 1: total , 2022: 5.8, 2021: 4.3 table end.
data collection for fuel consumption and scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions across the group started in 2021. 31. renewable energy certificates were redeemed for our key markets singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam and greater china . 32. emissions factors are converted to co₂ equivalent, which includes co₂, ch₄ and n₂o factors, using the uk department for business, energy & industrial strategy defra - 2022 v1.1 ar4 applied for fugitive gas and stationary fuels emissions, and the iea 2022 v1.1 ar4 applied for grid electricity generated emissions.
33. scope 1 emissions include direct carbon emissions from vehicle fleet diesel and petrol consumption, natural gas and steam from our overseas branches, backup diesel generators, and fugitive gas emissions from refrigerants including r-22, r-32, r-134, r410a and r407c.
carbon offsets retired: 10.9 2022 , 6.0 2021 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms co₂e per m² of floor space 30 : scope 2 location-based excluding data centres, 2022: 84.3, 2021: 86.8, 2020: 94.0, 2019: 99.1, 2018: 102.0 : scope 2 location-based including data centres, 2022: 112.1, 2021: 119.1, 2020: 128.2, 2019: 130.4, 2018: 131.7 : scope 1 and 2 location-based including data centres, 2022: 121.1, 2021: 126.7, 2020: 131.0, 2019: 151.7, 2018: 150.7 table end.
waste total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste 37 : total , 2022: 2,585, 2021: 2,153, 2020: 1,540, 2019: 2,115, 2018: 1,754 : recycled : plastics and other waste 38 , 2022: 40, 2021: 66, 2020: 3, 2019: 3, 2018: 15 : electronic equipment 39 , 2022: 66, 2021: 46, 2020: 43, 2019: 6, 2018: 14 : paper and cardboard, 2022: 733, 2021: 556, 2020: 573, 2019: 527, 2018: 580 : total , 2022: 839, 2021: 668, 2020: 618, 2019: 537, 2018: 609 table end.
data collection for fuel consumption and scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions across the group started in 2021. 34 residual emissions not offset by renewable energy certificates, primarily arising from overseas branches' scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
35 the method used takes into account the impact of radiative forcing, as well as well-to-tank emissions resulting from the production and transportation of fuels.
38 data for other waste include diverted wet waste from our operations in mainland china since 2021. 39 data for 2022 comprise our key markets singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, greater china including mainland china and hong kong , while data for 2021 comprise singapore, malaysia and mainland china.
data for 2018 to 2020 comprise only singapore.
sustainability in numbers disposed table: waste disposal data 2018-2022 year: 2022, landfilled: 878, waste-to-energy incineration: 868, total: 1,746, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 2.8 year: 2021, landfilled: 733, waste-to-energy incineration: 751, total: 1,484, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 2.7 year: 2020, landfilled: 311, waste-to-energy incineration: 611, total: 922, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 3.6 year: 2019, landfilled: 320, waste-to-energy incineration: 1,258, total: 1,578, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 6.1 year: 2018, landfilled: 259, waste-to-energy incineration: 886, total: 1,145, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 4.4 table end.
water consumption thousand cubic meters table: water consumption data 2018-2022 year: 2022, total: 497.6, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 0.8 year: 2021, total: 404.6, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 0.7 year: 2020, total: 467.4, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 0.9 year: 2019, total: 567.3, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 1.0 year: 2018, total: 528.4, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 1.0 table end.
data for 2022 include a breakdown of municipal water and well water withdrawal amounts, in both water-stressed and non-water-stressed areas.
only indonesia and thailand were identified with areas with water stress.
water stress was assessed using world resources institute's aqueduct water risk atlas tool, which defines 'stress' as more than 40 per cent at risk.
we have only identified our operational assets located within indonesia's java province water-stressed region that are still withdrawing water from well sources.
sustainability in numbers purchased paper total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste 41 year: 2022, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 520, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 834, total: 1,354 year: 2021, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 570, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,074, total: 1,644 year: 2020, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 619, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,161, total: 1,779 year: 2019, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 755, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,503, total: 2,259 year: 2018, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 586, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,459, total: 2,045 table end.
community stewardship metric: monetary contributions $ million , 2022: 9.2, 2021: 6.2, 2020: 6.3, 2019: 5.4, 2018: 5.1 metric: average volunteer hours of training per employee per employee 43 , 2022: 1.6, 2021: 1.3, 2020: 0.7, 2019: 2.2, 2018: 2.0 table end.
43. volunteer hours of training per employee were lower in 2021 and 2020 as a result of covid-19-related restrictions.
these models translate the transition risk impacts of policy and legal changes, technological advancements and demand-supply shifts associated with a particular climate scenario to key financial drivers of a business.
at the same time, impacts of acute physical events, such as floods, typhoons, heat waves, cold waves and forest fires, and chronic climate pattern changes, such as sea level rise and land subsidence, are converted into additional business costs and expenses.
we used this bottom-up approach, which enables us to holistically assess climate risk impacts at the individual borrower level, to conduct the climate stress test as part of the monetary authority of singapore's 2022 industry-wide stress test exercise.
we have developed four sector-specific models and one general emissions model.
in addition to requisite data on borrowers' financials, carbon emissions scopes 1, 2 and 3 , carbon prices and asset locations, sector-specific models therefore require further data inputs such as fuel mix, generation volume, electricity price and market electricity capacity in the case of companies in the power generation sector.
climate stress test models used in various sectors : a diagram showing sector-specific models used for oil and gas, power generation, palm oil, and steel.
: a diagram showing the general emissions model used for agriculture, transportation, construction, and heavy industry.
the general emissions and sector-specific models share a common underlying assessment methodology.
in these models, the abovementioned data sets are used to project the climate risk impact on borrowers' financials under various climate scenarios via key financial drivers.
step 1: selection of climate scenarios and corresponding scenario variables climate scenarios are typically constructed using scientific data and methodologies by reputable international organisations, such as the network for greening the financial system ngfs , the international energy agency iea , and the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc . these organisations facilitate better comparability and consistency across industries.
each climate scenario is a simplified representation of how the global economy would evolve under a set of climatic conditions, economic and climate policy assumptions.
a transition risk scenario provides information to assess the impact of the transition to a low-carbon economy e.grams., gdp trajectory, inflation, property prices . a physical risk scenario defines possible climate consequences from increased greenhouse gas emissions e.grams., likelihood, frequency, and magnitude of climate events . climate scenario analysis methodology step 2: determination of assumptions general and sector-specific model assumptions are determined by subject-matter experts and supported by available literature and market insights.
for example, the models incorporate the effects of: carbon tax increase on a company's cost of production due to its direct emissions and indirectly through carbon tax pass-through from their upstream supply chain, which in turn impacts the price and volume of goods sold; changes in consumption patterns on the volume of demand; investment needed to decarbonise on borrowers' balance sheet strength, which determines its ability to grow; and damage and disruption due to climate physical hazards on the company's revenue and operational costs.
methodology limitations while the methodology for climate scenario analysis has progressed rapidly in the last few years, it is still at a relatively nascent stage of development and the scarcity of data and modelling limitations remain key challenges.
in particular: scenario design: our analysis was conducted based on the second phase of climate scenarios and parameters developed by ngfs, which had yet to incorporate the latest data and physical impacts.
in recognition of the limitations, ngfs has been proactively improving and updating its scenarios since launch and, in september 2022, published the third edition of its climate scenarios.
climate scenario analysis methodology long-term assessment horizon: to account for the long-term build-up of climate impacts, climate scenario analysis extends to a time horizon of 30 years, which is much longer than in traditional stress tests, as well as a typical business planning horizon.
this introduces a higher degree of complexity and uncertainty from potential changes in the pace of technology advancement, geopolitical and demographic shifts and occurrence of climate tipping points.
this may therefore understate the climate exposure and vulnerabilities.
even for some large corporates, emissions, energy and land use data required for climate stress-testing are scarce.
we expect continued focus in this area with the financial stability board calling for greater cross-border cooperation on scenario design, modelling approaches, data and developing guidelines for scenario analysis.
we will continue to collaborate closely with the industry and regulators to address these limitations and progressively strengthen our climate risk scenario analysis approach.
sid and the business times: singapore corporate awards 2022, gold for best risk management award for singapore-listed companies in large market cap category.
national volunteer & philanthropy centre: champion of good 2022. stewardship asia centre: steward leadership 25 2022 . the asset: triple a esg corporate awards 2022, jade award.
building and construction authority: green mark for healthier workplaces awards 2022 one platinum and two goldplus green mark for uob-owned and managed offices in singapore . central singapore community development council: excellence for people's association community spirit award.
china philanthropy festival 2023: best social responsibility of brand.
coalition greenwich: greenwich quality leader in indonesia; greenwich share leader 2022 ranked third in asean excluding singapore and second in singapore . community chest: pinnacle award; charity platinum award; volunteer partner award.
disclosure: 2-8 workers who are not employees, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 113-119 disclosure: 2-9 governance structure and composition, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 115 disclosure: 2-10 nomination and selection of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability governance page 14 uob annual report 2022: board of directors page 12-16 , corporate governance page 94-123 disclosure: 2-11 chair of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 99-104 disclosure: 2-12 role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 99 uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 95 sustainability strategy page 10 sustainability governance page 14 material esg factors page 18 sustainable banking page 43-44 governance and risk culture page 85-86 table end.
gri content index table: gri standard disclosure and reference gri standard/other source: 2-13, disclosure: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 94-123 sustainability governance page 14 sustainable banking page 43-44 gri standard/other source: 2-14, disclosure: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability governance page 14 material esg factors page 18 sustainable banking page 43-44 gri standard/other source: 2-15, disclosure: conflicts of interest, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 97-99 gri standard/other source: 2-16, disclosure: communication of critical concerns, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 97-99 gri standard/other source: 2-17, disclosure: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 96, 104 sustainability governance page 14-15 gri standard/other source: 2-18, disclosure: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 102-103 gri standard/other source: 2-19, disclosure: remuneration policies, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 104-111 gri standard/other source: 2-20, disclosure: process to determine remuneration, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability governance page 15 uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 104-111 gri standard/other source: 2-21, disclosure: annual total compensation ratio, disclosure reference and/or response: we do not disclose this due to confidentiality constraints.
gri content index gri standard/other source: sustainable banking gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainable banking page 26-54 gri standard/other source: gri 201: economic performance 2016, disclosure: 201-2 financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change gri standard/other source: gri 203: indirect economic impacts 2016, disclosure: 203-1 infrastructure investments and services supported 203-2 significant indirect economic impacts, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainable banking page 29-32 sustainable banking page 26-54 gri standard/other source: gri 413: local communities 2016, disclosure: 413-1 operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programmes, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability strategy page 13 sustainable banking page 26-29, 35-39, 42, 45-51 regulatory compliance page 89 gri standard/other source: gri g4 financial services sector disclosures: product portfolio, disclosure: fs6 percentage of the portfolio for business lines by specific region, size e.grams. micro/sme/large and by sector fs7 monetary value of products and services designed to deliver a specific social benefit for each business line broken down by purpose fs8 monetary value of products and services designed to deliver a specific environmental benefit for each business line broken down by purpose, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 111 uob annual report 2022: financial highlights page 30-31 sustainable banking page 30-39 sustainability in numbers page 111-113 gri standard/other source: gri g4 financial services sector disclosures: active ownership, disclosure: fs10 percentage and number of companies held in the institution’s portfolio with which the reporting organisation has interacted on environmental or social issues fs11 percentage of assets subject to positive and negative environmental or social screening, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainable banking page 35 sustainability in numbers page 112 sustainable banking page 26-29, 34-36 table end.
talent development and inclusion page 72 gri content index workplace safety, health and well-being gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics 403-1: occupational health and safety management system.
workplace safety, health and well-being page 79-83 403-2: hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation.
workplace safety, health and well-being page 79-80, 82 403-3: occupational health services.
workplace safety, health and well-being page 79-82 403-6: promotion of worker health.
403-7: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships.
regulatory compliance page 89-92 205-2: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures.
information security gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics information security page 93-94 direct environmental impact gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics 302-1: energy consumption within the organisation.
direct environmental impact page 95-101 302-3: energy intensity.
direct environmental impact page 95-98, 101 sustainability in numbers page 120 302-4: reduction of energy consumption.
303-5: water consumption.
direct environmental impact page 100-101 sustainability in numbers page 122 gri content index gri standard/other source : gri 305: emissions 2016, disclosure : 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions 305-2 energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 305-3 other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 305-4 greenhouse gas emissions intensity, disclosure reference and/or response : direct environmental impact page 96-99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 120-121 gri standard/other source : gri 306: waste 2020, disclosure : 306-1 waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 306-2 management of significant waste-related impacts 306-3 waste generated 306-4 waste diverted from disposal 306-5 waste directed to disposal, disclosure reference and/or response : direct environmental impact page 99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 121-122 talent development and inclusion page 78 direct environmental impact page 99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 121-122 direct environmental impact page 99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 121-122 uob does not generate hazardous waste in our operations and as such, does not divert any from nor direct to disposal.
sustainable procurement gri 3: material topics 2021: gri 407: freedom of association and collective bargaining 2016, 3-3 management of material topics: 407-1 operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk, sustainable procurement page 102-103 : sustainable procurement page 102 table end.
community stewardship we are politically neutral and have a longstanding policy of not making contributions to political parties or campaigns in any country in which we operate.
in 2022, we did not make any contributions to or spending for political campaigns, political organisations, lobbyists or lobbying organisations.
appendix: sustainability accounting standards board sasb index indicator code : fn-cb-510a.2, description : description of whistle-blower policies and procedures, disclosure reference and/or response : uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 119 governance and risk culture page 86 regulatory compliance page 89 table end.
task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd index tcfd recommendations category: governance , recommendation: a. describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities., disclosure reference page : 14-15, 43 recommendation: b. describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities., disclosure reference page : 14-15, 43-44 category: strategy , recommendation: a. describe the climate-related risks and opportunities identified over the short, medium, and long term., disclosure reference page : 44-49 recommendation: b. describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy, and financial planning., disclosure reference page : 6-8, 44-49, 96-98 recommendation: c. describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario., disclosure reference page : 47-48 category: risk management , recommendation: a. describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks., disclosure reference page : 26-28, 39, 50-51, 124-127 recommendation: b. describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related risks., disclosure reference page : 39, 50-51 recommendation: c. describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management., disclosure reference page : 50-51 category: metrics and targets , recommendation: a. disclose the metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities, in line with strategy and risk management process., disclosure reference page : 6-8, 52-53, 96-99 recommendation: b. disclose scope 1, scope 2, and if appropriate scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks., disclosure reference page : 6, 99, 120-121 recommendation: c. describe the targets used to manage climate-related risks and opportunities, and performance against targets., disclosure reference page : 6-8, 52-53, 96-99 table end.
appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 1 no poverty , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 1.1 eradicate extreme poverty for all people everywhere 1.2 reduce the proportion of men, women and children living in poverty 1.4 ensure equal rights to economic resources, basic services, natural resources, appropriate new technology and financial services, including microfinance 1.a ensure significant mobilisation of resources to provide adequate and predictable means for programmes and policies to end poverty in all its dimensions, material esg factor : sustainable banking community stewardship sustainable banking financial inclusion community stewardship sustainable banking financial inclusion global goals : 2 zero hunger , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 2.1 ensure access by people, in particular the poor and people in vulnerable situations, to safe, nutritious and sufficient food 2.3 double agricultural productivity and incomes of small-scale food producers through knowledge and financial services 2.4 ensure sustainable food production systems and implement resilient agricultural practices 2.a increase investment in rural infrastructure, agricultural research and extension services, technology development and plant and livestock gene banks in order to enhance agricultural productive capacity in developing countries, material esg factor : community stewardship financial inclusion sustainable banking global goals : 3 good health and well-being , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 3.4 reduce premature mortality from non-communicable diseases through prevention and treatment and to promote mental health and well-being 3.8 achieve health coverage and access to quality essential healthcare services and access to safe, effective, quality and affordable essential medicines and vaccines for all 3.b support the research and development of vaccines and medicines for the communicable and non-communicable diseases 3.c increase health financing and the recruitment, development, training and retention of the health workforce in developing countries, material esg factor : workplace safety, health and well-being community stewardship financial inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being financial inclusion sustainable banking table end.
united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 4 quality education , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 4.1 ensure, equitable and quality primary and secondary education, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 5 gender equality , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 5.1 end all forms of discrimination against all women and girls everywhere, material esg factor : talent development and inclusion sustainable procurement global goals : 6 clean water and sanitation , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 6.3 improve water quality by reducing pollution, halving the proportion of untreated wastewater and increasing recycling and safe reuse globally, material esg factor : direct environmental impact table end.
united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 7 affordable and clean energy, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 7.2 increase share of renewable energy in the global energy mix, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 8 decent work and economic growth, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 8.2 achieve higher levels of economic productivity through diversification, technological upgrading and innovation, including through a focus on high-value added and labour-intensive sectors, material esg factor : sustainable banking material esg factor : sustainable procurement table end.
appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 8.8, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : protect labour rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, material esg factor : sustainable banking talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being global goals : 8.10, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : strengthen capacity of domestic financial institutions to encourage and expand access to banking, insurance and financial services for all, material esg factor : sustainable procurement economic contributions sustainable banking fair dealing financial inclusion global goals : 9.1, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : develop quality, reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure to support economic development and human well-being, material esg factor : sustainable banking data privacy and governance customer experience workplace safety, health and well-being direct environmental impact community stewardship global goals : 9.2, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : promote inclusive and sustainable industrialisation, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 9.3, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : increase access to small-scale industrial and other enterprises to financial services, including affordable credit, and their integration into value chains and markets, material esg factor : sustainable banking direct environmental impact global goals : 9.4, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to make them sustainable, with increased resource-use efficiency and greater adoption of clean and environmentally-sound technologies and industrial processes, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 9.a, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : facilitate sustainable and resilient infrastructure development through enhanced financial, technological and technical support, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 10.2, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : empower and promote social, economic and political inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other status, material esg factor : sustainable banking financial inclusion talent development and inclusion global goals : 10.3, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : ensure equal opportunity and reduce inequalities of outcome, material esg factor : talent development and inclusion global goals : 10.4, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : adopt policies, especially fiscal, wage and social protection policies, and progressively achieve greater equality, material esg factor : talent development and inclusion global goals : 10.5, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : improve the regulation and monitoring of global financial markets and institutions and strengthen the implementation of such regulations, material esg factor : governance and risk culture regulatory compliance global goals : 10.b, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : encourage official development assistance and financial flows, including foreign direct investment, to where the need is greatest, material esg factor : sustainable banking table end.
appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 11 sustainable cities and communities , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 11.2 provide access to safe, affordable, accessible and sustainable transport systems for all.
11.3 enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanisation and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustainable human settlement planning and management.
11.4 strengthen efforts to protect and safeguard the world's cultural and natural heritage.
11.6 reduce adverse per capita environmental impact of cities, including by paying special attention to air quality and municipal and other waste management., material esg factor : sustainable banking sustainable banking sustainable banking community stewardship global goals : 12 responsible consumption and production , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 12.2 achieve sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources.
12.5 reduce waste generation through prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse.
12.6 encourage companies, especially large and transnational companies, to adopt sustainable practices.
12.7 promote sustainable procurement practices in accordance with national policies and priorities.
12.8 ensure that people have the relevant information and awareness for sustainable development and lifestyles in harmony with nature., material esg factor : sustainable banking financial inclusion direct environmental impact direct environmental impact sustainable banking community stewardship sustainable banking sustainable procurement global goals : 13 climate action , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 13.1 strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and natural disasters in all countries.
13.2 integrate climate change measures into policies, strategies and planning.
13.3 improve education, awareness-raising and human and institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction and early warning., material esg factor : sustainable banking sustainable procurement sustainable banking talent development and inclusion community stewardship sustainable banking global goals : 14 life below water , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 14.1 prevent and reduce marine pollution of all kinds, in particular from land-based activities, including marine debris and nutrient pollution., material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 15 life on land , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 15.a increase financial resources to conserve and sustainably use biodiversity and ecosystems., material esg factor : sustainable banking sustainable banking direct environmental impact community stewardship table end.
uob sustainability report 2022 147 appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 16 peace, justice and strong institutions , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 16.2 end abuse, exploitation, trafficking and all forms of violence against and torture of children 16.3 promote the rule of law at the national and international levels and ensure equal access to justice for all 16.4 reduce illicit financial and arms flows, strengthen the recovery and return of stolen assets and combat all forms of organised crime 16.5 reduction in corruption and bribery in all their forms 16.6 develop effective, accountable and transparent institutions at all levels 16.10 ensure public access to information and protect fundamental freedoms, material esg factor : sustainable procurement regulatory compliance regulatory compliance information security fair dealing data privacy and governance customer experience governance and risk culture regulatory compliance information security direct environmental impact sustainable procurement data privacy and governance information security economic contributions customer experience sustainable banking data privacy and governance financial inclusion talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being regulatory compliance information security community stewardship table end.
united nations global compact ungc ten principles human rights principle: principle 1, description: businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally-proclaimed human rights, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being principle: principle 2, description: make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being table end.
labour principle: principle 3, description: businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy talent development and inclusion principle: principle 4, description: the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion principle: principle 5, description: the effective abolition of child labour, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion principle: principle 6, description: the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, material esg factor/reference: talent development and inclusion table end.
environment principle: principle 7, description: businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy sustainable banking sustainable procurement direct environmental impact principle: principle 8, description: undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking community stewardship principle: principle 9, description: encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally-friendly technologies, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking table end.
anti-corruption principle: principle 10, description: businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy regulatory compliance governance and risk culture table end.
brown sectors high carbon-emitting sectors.
carbon dioxide equivalent co₂e the common metric used to compare emissions from the various types of greenhouse gases.
different greenhouse gases have different potential for global warming.
by converting all greenhouse gases to the common measure of total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e, companies are able to be consistent in their measurement and comparison.
for example, one metric ton of methane would be equal to about 25 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e, because it has a global warming potential that is approximately 25 times that of one metric ton of carbon dioxide.
climate change and global warming the increase in the average temperature of the earth's climate system, apparent since the mid- to late-20th century.
climate change is attributed primarily to the higher amounts of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere resulting from the burning of fossil fuels, the production of industrial products, livestock farming, crop fertilization and deforestation.
the gases trap heat in the atmosphere and are expected to have a variety of effects on the planet, including sea level rise, droughts and severe weather events.
carbon risk real estate monitor crrem a research project funded by the european union that aims to address the downside risk of climate change in the real estate sector by providing appropriate science-based carbon reduction pathways at building, portfolio and company levels and financial risk assessment tools to manage carbon mitigation strategies.
glasgow financial alliance for net zero gfanz a global coalition of leading financial institutions committed to accelerating the decarbonisation of the economy.
global warming potential a measure of the amount of heat a greenhouse gas is able to trap in the atmosphere relative to carbon dioxide gas.
green bonds debt instruments with proceeds specifically earmarked for climate and environmental projects.
greenhouse gas emissions gaseous pollutants that absorb infrared radiation and trap heat in the atmosphere.
the primary greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.
greenhouse gas protocol greenhouse gas protocol an international standard created by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development to categorise greenhouse gases into scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions based on the source.
hard-to-abate sectors carbon-intensive sectors that face immense challenges in decarbonisation due to a lack of technologies or high costs.
impact investing the deployment of capital in companies with the deliberate intention of generating positive social and/or environmental benefits alongside, and as a means of, achieving positive financial returns.
intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc the united nations body for assessing the science related to climate change.
location-based emissions emissions calculated based on the average emissions intensity/factors of the grids on which the energy consumption occurs.
market-based emissions emissions calculations that reflect or include emissions from electricity that the user entity has chosen to purchase, for example, contractual arrangements under which the organisation procures power from specific suppliers or any external sources, such as renewable energy.
material environmental, social and governance esg factors environmental, social and governance, as well as economic, factors can impact the risk and return profile of financing and investment decisions, as well as internal operations.
the same factors are considered, in turn, by the company to ensure that stakeholders abide by its values and principles.
material suppliers for uob also include those that supply goods and/or services to the bank with an annual spend of $5 million or more.
net-zero banking alliance nzba the flagship climate initiative under the united nations principles for responsible banking that was set up to accelerate science-based climate target setting and develop common practice.
partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf a global partnership of financial institutions that works to develop and implement a harmonised approach to assess and disclose the greenhouse gas emissions associated with their loans and investments.
physical risk physical risks can be acute or chronic.
chronic physical risk arises from longer-term shifts in climate patterns such as rising sea levels with time horizon typically spanning decades.
programme for the endorsement of forest certification pefc an international, non-profit, non-governmental organisation which promotes sustainable forest management through independent third party certification.
sustainability accounting standards board sasb an independent non-profit organisation that sets standards to help guide corporations in their disclosure of financially material sustainability information to investors.
social bonds debt instruments used to finance or refinance social projects whose purpose is to address a common problem and help those most vulnerable.
scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions direct emissions that originate from operations or assets which are owned or controlled by the organisation including on-site generation of electricity, steam or heat in equipment, travel in cars and other vehicles owned or controlled by the company and hydrofluorocarbons emitted from refrigeration or air-conditioning equipment.
glossary scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions indirect emissions resulting from the generation of grid electricity, heat or steam by an outside organisation, which is utilised by the reporting organisation.
scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions all other indirect emissions which occur at sources the organisation neither owns nor controls.
scope 3 emissions can result from business travel in non-company vehicles, especially commercial planes; employees commuting in non-company vehicles, as well as the activities of suppliers, customers and contractors.
this entails respect for the environment, human rights, labour rights, decent work and economic growth, data privacy and business ethics.
task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd industry-led initiative established by the financial stability board in 2015 at the request of the g20 to develop a set of voluntary climate-related financial risk disclosures which can be adopted by companies so that those companies can inform investors and other members of the public about the risks they face related to climate change.
the recommendations of the tcfd are organised around four pillars, namely governance and management, strategy, management of climate change-related risks and metrics and targets in place to address the impacts.
united nations global compact ungc an initiative to encourage companies to align their strategies and operations with ten principles in the areas of human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption, and to advance progress against the united nations sustainable development goals.
united nations sustainable development goals sdgs also known as the global goals, they were adopted by the united nations member states in 2015 and form the core of the 2030 agenda, a universal call to action for governments, businesses and civil society to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure peace and prosperity for all people by 2030. appendix: external assurance independent limited assurance statement in connection with the subject matter included in the uob sustainability report 2022 22 march 2023 to the management of uob scope we have been engaged by united overseas bank limited “uob” to perform a ‘limited assurance engagement’, as defined by international standards on assurance engagements, hereafter referred to as the engagement, to report on uob’s sustainability report 2022’s gri disclosures the “subject matter” as set out in the subject matter and criteria section below as of 15 december 2022 for the period from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 “fy2022” “the report” . subject matter and criteria the criteria “the criteria” for our assurance evaluation are as follows: global reporting initiative sustainability reporting standards “gri standards” . gri standards disclosures table: gri standards disclosures no: 1, gri standards disclosures: 201-1 direct economic value generated and distributed, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a direct economic value generated and distributed evg&d on an accrual basis, including the basic components for the organization’s global operations as listed below.
2.2 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 202-2, the reporting organization shall calculate this percentage using data on full-time employees., scope: group no: 3, gri standards disclosures: 205-2 communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a total number and percentage of governance body members that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by region.
b total number and percentage of employees that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by employee category and region.
d total number and percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by region.
e total number and percentage of employees that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee category and region., scope: group no: 4, gri standards disclosures: 302-1 energy consumption within the organization, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a total fuel consumption within the organization from non-renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used.
b total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used.
c in joules, watt-hours of training per employee or multiples, the total: i. electricity consumption; ii.
heating consumption; iii.
cooling consumption; iv.
steam consumption.
d in joules, watt-hours of training per employee or multiples, the total: i. electricity sold; ii.
e total energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples.
appendix: external assurance sub-indicators under “shall” requirement referenced as per gri standards 2.1 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 302-1, the reporting organization shall: 2.1.1 avoid the double-counting of fuel consumption, when reporting self-generated energy consumption.
if the organization generates electricity from a non-renewable or renewable fuel source and then consumes the generated electricity, the energy consumption shall be counted once under fuel consumption; 2.1.2 report fuel consumption separately for non-renewable and renewable fuel sources; 2.1.3 only report energy consumed by entities owned or controlled by the organization; 2.1.4 calculate the total energy consumption within the organization in joules or multiples using the following formula: total energy consumption within the organization = non-renewable fuel consumed + renewable fuel consumed + electricity, heating, cooling, and steam purchased for consumption + self-generated electricity, heating, cooling, and steam which are not consumed - electricity, heating, cooling, and steam sold.
5 302-3 energy intensity group a energy intensity ratio for the organization.
c types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
d whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both.
appendix: external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 6, gri standards disclosures: 302-4 reduction of energy consumption, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples.
b types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
c basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.
2.7 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 302-4, the reporting organization shall: 2.7.1 exclude reductions resulting from reduced production capacity or outsourcing; 2.7.2 describe whether energy reduction is estimated, modeled, or sourced from direct.
if estimation or modeling is used, the organization shall disclose the methods used., scope: group no: 7, gri standards disclosures: 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a gross direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
c biogenic co₂ emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
emissions in the base year; iii.
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e source of the emissions factors and the global warming potential gwp rates used, or a reference to the gwp source.
f consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control.
2.1 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-1, the reporting organization shall: 2.1.1 exclude any greenhouse gas trades from the calculation of gross direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;, scope: group table end.
appendix: external assurance 2.1.2 report biogenic emissions of co₂ from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass separately from the gross direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions.
exclude biogenic emissions of other types of greenhouse gas such as ch₄ and n₂o , and biogenic emissions of co₂ that occur in the life cycle of biomass other than from combustion or biodegradation such as greenhouse gas emissions from processing or transporting biomass . no: 8, gri standards disclosures: 305-2 energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, sub-indicators under “shall” requirement referenced as per gri standards : a gross location-based energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
b if applicable, gross market-based energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
emissions in the base year; iii.
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e source of the emissions factors and the global warming potential gwp rates used, or a reference to the gwp source.
f consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control.
2.3 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-2, the reporting organization shall: 2.3.1 exclude any greenhouse gas trades from the calculation of gross energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; 2.3.2 exclude other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions that are disclosed as specified in disclosure 305-3; 2.3.3 account and report energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on the location-based method, if it has operations in markets without product or supplier-specific data; 2.3.4 account and report energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on both the location-based and market-based methods, if it has any operations in markets providing product or supplier-specific data in the form of contractual instruments.
appendix: external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 9, gri standards disclosures: 305-3 other indirect emissions scope 3 emissions, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a gross other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
c biogenic co₂ emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
d other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions categories and activities included in the calculation.
emissions in the base year; iii.
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
f source of the emissions factors and the global warming potential gwp rates used, or a reference to the gwp source.
2.5 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-3, the reporting organization shall: 2.5.1 exclude any greenhouse gas trades from the calculation of gross other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions; 2.5.2 exclude energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from this disclosure.
energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are disclosed as specified in disclosure 305-2; 2.5.3 report biogenic emissions of co₂, from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass that occur in its value chain separately from the gross other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.
exclude biogenic emissions of other types of greenhouse gas such as ch₄ and n₂o , and biogenic emissions of co₂ that occur in the life cycle of biomass other than from combustion or biodegradation such as greenhouse gas emissions from processing or transporting biomass . external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 10, gri standards disclosures: greenhouse gas emissions intensity, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a greenhouse gas emissions intensity ratio for the organization.
c types of greenhouse gas emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct scope 1 , energy indirect scope 2 , and/or other indirect scope 3 . d gases included in the calculation; whether co₂, ch₄, n₂o, hfcs, pfcs, sf₆, nf₃ or all.
2.7. when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-4, the reporting organization shall: 2.7.1 calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute greenhouse gas emissions the numerator by the organization-specific metric the denominator ; 2.7.2 if reporting an intensity ratio for other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, report this intensity ratio separately from the intensity ratios for direct scope 1 and energy indirect scope 2 emissions., scope: group no: 11, gri standards disclosures: waste diverted from disposal, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a total weight of waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.
b total weight of hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following recovery operations: i. preparation for reuse; ii.
recycling; iii.
c total weight of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following recovery operations: i. preparation for reuse; ii.
recycling; iii.
d for each recovery operation listed in disclosures 306-4-b and 306-4-c, a breakdown of the total weight in metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal: i. onsite; ii.
external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 12, gri standards disclosures: 306-5 waste directed to disposal, scope: group table end.
2.2 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 306-4, the reporting organization shall: 2.2.1 exclude effluent, unless required by national legislation to be reported under total waste; 2.2.2 use 1000 kilograms as the measure for a metric ton.
a total weight of waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.
b total weight of hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery ; incineration without energy recovery ; landfilling; other disposal operations.
c total weight of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery ; incineration without energy recovery ; landfilling; other disposal operations.
d for each disposal operation listed in disclosures 306-5-b and 306-5-c, a breakdown of the total weight in metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal: onsite; offsite.
2.4 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 306-5, the reporting organization shall: 2.4.1 exclude effluent, unless required by national legislation to be reported under total waste; 2.4.2 use 1000 kilograms as the measure for a metric ton.
b total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region., scope: group no: 14, gri standards disclosures: 404-1 average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a average hours of training per employee of training that the organization's employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by: i. gender; ii.
age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii.
other indicators of diversity wherever relevant such as minority or vulnerable groups . b percentage of employees per employee category in each of the following diversity categories: i. gender; ii.
age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii.
external assurance uob management's responsibilities uob management is responsible for selecting the criteria, and presenting the subject matter in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects.
our independence and quality control we have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra” code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities "acra code" , which is founded on the fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.
ey also applies international standard on quality control 1, quality control for firms that perform audits and reviews of financial statements, and other assurance and related services engagements, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
a limited assurance engagement consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the subject matter and related information, and applying analytical and other appropriate procedures.
3. process walk-through of systems and processes for data aggregation and reporting, with relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the controls in relation to the subject matter in the report.
signed for ernst & young llp by praveen tekchandani partner, climate change and sustainability services singapore 22 march 2023 appendix: external assurance independent limited assurance statement on uob's greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emissions statement to the management of uob scope we have undertaken a 'limited assurance engagement' of the accompanying greenhouse gas emissions statement of united overseas bank limited “uob” 's sustainability report 2022 as set out in the subject matter and criteria section below as of 15 december 2022 for the period from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 “fy2022” “the report” . subject matter and criteria the criteria “the criteria” for our assurance evaluation are as follows: greenhouse gas protocol corporate accounting and reporting standard for greenhouse gas inventories; and iso 14064-3: 2019 specification with guidance for the validation and verification of greenhouse gas assertions.
the subject matter is set out in the table below: table: greenhouse gas emissions disclosures no: 1, greenhouse gas emissions: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, coverage: direct emissions from sources owned or controlled by uob group 2 e.grams. stationary combustion emissions, fugitive emissions, mobile combustion emissions : generation of scope 1 emissions: 5.783 thousand tco 2 e 1 , scope: group 2 no: 2, greenhouse gas emissions: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, coverage: indirect emissions from electricity consumption and purchased cooling 3 : generation of scope 2 emissions location-based : 69.313 thousand tco 2 e; generation of scope 2 emissions market-based 4 : 1.135 thousand tco 2 e, scope: group no: 3, greenhouse gas emissions: other indirect scope 3 emissions 5 , coverage: indirect emissions from domestic and international air travel undertaken by employees for business purposes from, to or within singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, mainland china, hong kong and south korea: generation of scope 3 emissions: 3.987 thousand tco 2 e, scope: group table end.
footnotes: 1. tco 2 e refers to the total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent.
carbon dioxide equivalent is a standard unit for calculating ghgs such as carbon dioxide or methane in a common unit.
2. "group" under the audit scope comprises singapore and uob's six key markets indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, mainland china and hong kong , and overseas branches australia, brunei, canada, india, japan, myanmar, philippines, south korea, taiwan, united kingdom, usa . 3. exclude scope 2 emissions for uob-owned spaces that are leased to tenants downstream assets . 4. uob retired 133,297 renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates for 2022. scope 2 emissions market-based are residual emissions left after the offset by renewable energy certificates.
for 2022, this primarily arose from overseas branches’ scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
5. the assurance scope for other indirect scope 3 emissions only covers domestic and international air travel by employees.
it does not include other categories of scope 3. appendix: external assurance table: greenhouse gas emissions and carbon credits no: 4, greenhouse gas emissions: total greenhouse gas emissions no: 5, greenhouse gas emissions: carbon credits 6 , coverage: total scope 1, scope 2 location-based , scope 3 emissions: 79.083 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent total scope 1, scope 2 market-based , scope 3 emissions: 10.905 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent amount of carbon credits retired: 10.905 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent table end.
we conducted our limited assurance engagement in accordance with international standard for assurance engagements on greenhouse gas statements “isae 3410” , and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with uob on 15 december 2022. those standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether, in all material respects, the subject matter is presented in accordance with the criteria, and to issue a report.
our independence and quality control we have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority "acra" code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities "acra code" , which is founded on the fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.
ey also applies international standard on quality control 1, quality control for firms that perform audits and reviews of financial statements, and other assurance and related services engagements, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
notes: 6 one carbon credit equals one metric metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent prevented from being emitted into the atmosphere emissions avoidance/reduction or removed from the atmosphere.
the carbon credits are certified under the gold standard "gs" and verified carbon standard "vcs" . while ey confirmed that the carbon credits have been obtained and retired by uob, ey has not taken any action against the provider of these carbon credits and expresses no opinion as to whether the offset credits will result in an actual reduction in carbon dioxide equivalent.
the greenhouse gas quantification process is subject to scientific uncertainty, which arises because of incomplete scientific knowledge about the measurement of ghgs.
additionally, greenhouse gas procedures are subject to estimation or measurement uncertainty resulting from the measurement and calculation processes used to quantify emissions within the bounds of existing scientific knowledge.
a limited assurance engagement consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the subject matter and related information, and applying analytical and other appropriate procedures.
our procedures included: 1. inquiries with uob's sustainability teams to: understand principal business operations, appreciate key greenhouse gas accounting-related issues and developments, map out information flow for greenhouse gas reporting and the relevant controls, identify data providers with their responsibilities, and recognise the likelihood of possible manipulation of greenhouse gas accounting-related information and data.
3. process walk-through of systems and processes for data aggregation and reporting, with relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the controls in relation to the subject matter in the report.
4. interviews with employees and management in uob group corporate sustainability office and group corporate real estate services to understand key greenhouse gas accounting-related issues related to the select indicators and processes for the collection and accurate reporting of performance information.
