2022 annual report: courage investment group limited company information: incorporated in bermuda with limited liability hong kong stock code: 1145 singapore stock code: cin note: the provided image only contains the cover page of the annual report.
no further information can be extracted for markdown formatting as requested.
to create a more comprehensive markdown report, additional pages from the annual report are needed.
contents corporate information: 3 chairman's statement: 4 management discussion and analysis: 6 biographical details of directors and senior management: 14 report of the directors: 16 corporate governance report: 21 environmental, social and governance report: 33 independent auditor's report: 53 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income: 58 consolidated statement of financial position: 59 consolidated statement of changes in equity: 61 consolidated statement of cash flows: 63 notes to the consolidated financial statements: 65 five-year financial summary: 116 abbreviations in this annual report, the following abbreviations have the following meanings unless otherwise specified: abbreviation: "bdi", meaning: baltic dry index abbreviation: "board", meaning: board of directors of the company abbreviation: "bye-laws", meaning: bye-laws of the company abbreviation: "company", meaning: courage investment group limited abbreviation: "directors", meaning: directors of the company abbreviation: "dead weight tonnage", meaning: dead weight tonnage abbreviation: "group", meaning: the company and its subsidiaries abbreviation: "hong kong listing rules", meaning: rules governing the listing of securities on the hong kong stock exchange abbreviation: "hong kong stock exchange", meaning: the stock exchange of hong kong limited abbreviation: "model code", meaning: model code for securities transactions by directors of listed issuers set out in appendix 10 to the hong kong listing rules abbreviation: "prc", meaning: people's republic of china abbreviation: "sfo", meaning: securities and futures ordinance chapter 571 of the laws of hong kong abbreviation: "sgx-st", meaning: singapore exchange securities trading limited abbreviation: "hk$", meaning: hong kong dollars, the lawful currency of hong kong abbreviation: "us$" and "us singapore cents", meaning: united states dollars and singapore cents, the lawful currency of the united states of america abbreviation: "%", meaning: per cent table end.
the chinese version of this annual report is a translation of the english version and is for reference only.
in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies between the english version and the chinese version, the english version shall prevail.
2 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate information board of directors executive directors: mr. sue ka lok chairman ms. wang yu independent non-executive directors: mr. zhou qijin mr. pau shiu ming mr. tsao hoi ho audit committee mr. tsao hoi ho chairman mr. zhou qijin mr. pau shiu ming remuneration committee mr. pau shiu ming chairman mr. zhou qijin mr. tsao hoi ho nomination committee mr. zhou qijin chairman mr. pau shiu ming mr. tsao hoi ho mr. sue ka lok chief executive officer mr. yuen chee lap, carl company secretary ms. wang yu deputy company secretary ms. lee pih peng trading of shares hong kong stock exchange stock code: 1145 singapore exchange stock code: cin registered office clarendon house 2 church street hamilton hm 11 bermuda principal place of business room 1501, 15th floor great eagle centre 23 harbour road wanchai hong kong principal bankers and financier bank of communications co., ltd., hong kong branch bank of communications hong kong limited hang seng bank limited sinopac capital international hk limited auditor deloitte touche tohmatsu certified public accountants registered public interest entity auditors principal share registrar and transfer office conyers corporate services bermuda limited clarendon house 2 church street hamilton hm 11 bermuda hong kong branch share registrar and transfer office tricor investor services limited 17/f, far east finance centre 16 harcourt road hong kong singapore share transfer agent unit trust/share registration boardroom corporate & advisory services pte.
ltd.
1 harbourfront avenue 14-07 keppel bay tower singapore 098632 website www.courageinv.com chairman's statement on behalf of the board, i am pleased to present to the shareholders of the company the results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2022 “fy2022” . results during fy2022, the group continued to principally engage in the business of marine transportation, investment holding, property holding and investment, and merchandise trading.
overall speaking, the market conditions of the group's marine transportation business had improved considerably during the year primarily due to the revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the pandemic, amid the market uncertainties brought by the russia-ukraine war, the intermittent disruptions to the global supply chain owing to congestions of some main ports including the ones in china, and the rising inflation and interest rates resulted in slower economic growth in some major economies in the latter part of the year.
for fy2022, the group reported an increase in revenue by 27% to united states dollar12,372,000 2021: united states dollar9,738,000 , driven by the increase in revenue of the marine transportation business, and recorded a profit attributable to owners of the company of united states dollar1,123,000 2021: united states dollar10,488,000 . basic earnings per share were united states dollar0.10 cent 2021: united states dollar0.96 cent . the decrease in the group's profit was mainly attributed to the recognition of impairment loss on vessels of united states dollar797,000 2021: reversal of impairment loss of united states dollar13,430,000 , though partly offset by i the increase in profit contribution from the group's marine transportation operation to united states dollar5,436,000 2021: united states dollar3,938,000 ; and ii the decrease in net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income to united states dollar1,402,000 2021: united states dollar5,360,000 . prospects with the full relaxation of anti-covid measures in many countries and global trading activities are returning to their normality, the group is prudently optimistic about the prospects of the marine transportation business in the medium to long term, amidst the russia-ukraine war and the fast rising inflation and interest rates in some major economies including the us are bringing uncertainties to the market.
the group has yet to acquire a second-hand supramax vessel as the price of this vessel class has increased significantly since 2021, however, there are signs recently that the second-hand dry bulk vessel market is softening compared to its peak in around mid-2022 and some buying opportunities have emerged.
looking forward, the group will continue with its plan of acquiring a second-hand dry bulk vessel, and may include the panamax size carrier with greater carrying capacity i.e. about 75,000 dead weight tonnage than supramax as its target vessel type, which will allow more options to the group.
the group will inform shareholders of any update of the vessel acquisition as and when appropriate.
moreover, the group will continue to manage its businesses in a disciplined manner, as well as to explore potential investment and acquisition opportunities and business enhancement strategies which are expected to bring long-term benefits to the group.
chairman's statement appreciation i would like to express my sincere thanks to all our shareholders, investors, bankers, business associates and customers for their continuing support to the group, my fellow directors for their valuable services, and all staff members for their dedicated efforts during fy2022.
sue ka lok chairman hong kong, 24 march 2023 page number and report details management discussion and analysis business review during the year ended 31 december 2022 “fy2022” , the group continued to principally engage in the business of marine transportation, investment holding, property holding and investment, and merchandise trading.
overall speaking, the market conditions of the group's marine transportation business had improved considerably during the year primarily due to the revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the pandemic, amid the market uncertainties brought by the russia-ukraine war, the intermittent disruptions to the global supply chain owing to congestions of some main ports including the ones in china, and the rising inflation and interest rates resulted in slower economic growth in some major economies in the latter part of the year.
for fy2022, the group reported an increase in revenue by 27% to united states dollar12,372,000 2021: united states dollar9,738,000 , driven by the increase in revenue of the marine transportation business, and recorded a profit attributable to owners of the company of united states dollar1,123,000 2021: united states dollar10,488,000 . marine transportation for fy2022, the revenue of the group's marine transportation business increased by 35% to united states dollar12,079,000 2021: united states dollar8,976,000 , and with its profit increased by 38% to united states dollar5,436,000 2021: united states dollar3,938,000 . the increases in revenue and profit of the operation were mainly attributed to the improved market conditions of the marine chartering industry and the general increase in charter rates of the group's vessels during the year.
there has been a revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the covid pandemic, including the full re-activation of major economies including china, the us and europe, notwithstanding the market uncertainties brought by the russia-ukraine war, the intermittent disruptions to the global supply chain owing to congestions of some main ports including the ones in china, and the fast rising inflation and interest rate hikes in some countries including the us which hindered their economic growth.
following the success of many governments in containing the social impact of the pandemic, and the relaxation of anti-covid measures in many countries, there has been a full revival of economic activities worldwide and global trade has regained momentum.
the bdi, which is closely correlated to market freight rate, remained volatile during fy2022 by reaching its peak of over 3,300 points in may 2022, hitting its low of about 1,000 points in august 2022, and was hovering between the 1,500 to 2,500 points level for much of the year, compared to the 2,000 to 3,000 points level in 2021. the current market outlook of the marine transportation business remains positive following the revival of economic activities worldwide.
in view of the prevailing market conditions, the group is prudently optimistic about the prospects of the marine transportation business in the medium to long term.
the carrying capacity of the group's dry bulk fleet, which currently comprises three supramax size vessels, is approximately 171,000 dead weight tonnage.
the group has yet to acquire a second-hand supramax vessel as the price of this vessel type has increased significantly since 2021, however, there are signs recently that the second-hand dry bulk vessel market is softening compared to its peak in around mid-2022 and some buying opportunities have emerged.
the group has not yet identified a suitable target vessel as of the date of this annual report.
nevertheless, the group will continue with its plan of acquiring a second-hand dry bulk vessel, and may include the panamax size carrier with greater carrying capacity i.e. about 75,000 dead weight tonnage than supramax as its target vessel type, which will allow more options to the group.
the group will inform shareholders of any update of the vessel acquisition as and when appropriate.
management discussion and analysis at 31 december 2022, with reference to the then prevailing market conditions including second-hand prices of similar vessels in terms of country of build, tonnage and age and market freight rate , an impairment loss on vessels amounted to united states dollar797,000 2021: reversal of impairment loss of united states dollar13,430,000 was recognised in fy2022, which partly offset the group's profitable results for the year.
investment holding the group's investment holding business contributed a revenue of united states dollar293,000 2021: united states dollar581,000 and recorded a loss of united states dollar1,104,000 2021: united states dollar4,843,000 for fy2022.
the revenue of the business represented interest income from corporate bonds and the loss incurred was mainly due to the recognition of net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments i.e. corporate bonds at fair value through other comprehensive income “fvtoci” of united states dollar1,402,000 2021: united states dollar5,360,000 . the recognition of the credit losses was primarily a result of the further deterioration of the financial position of the issuers of the corporate bonds held by the group during fy2022.
these bond issuers are all property companies based in the mainland and their credit ratings have been withdrawn or downgraded by the credit rating agencies, and some of the bonds held by the group are in default status due to non-payments of interest and/or principal.
as the group expected the uncertainties of the financial position of these bond issuers would ultimately affect the collection of contractual cash flows from their bonds, a net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci of united states dollar1,402,000 2021: united states dollar5,360,000 , which mainly reflected the significant increase of credit risks of these bonds, was recognised during the year.
the group had engaged an independent qualified professional valuer to perform an impairment assessment on these debt instruments under the expected credit losses “ecl” model.
the measurement of ecl is a function of the probability of default and the loss given default i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default , and the assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information.
the estimation of ecl reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights, and also with reference to the time value of money.
in determining the ecl on the group's debt instruments for the year, the management had worked closely with the independent qualified professional valuer and taken into account factors including the withdrawal or downgrading of credit rating of the bond issuers by the credit rating agencies, the defaults of the bond issuers in their payments of interest and/or principal, and forward-looking information including the future macroeconomic conditions affecting the operations of the bond issuers.
during the year, the group continued to invest in listed corporate bonds.
the corporate bonds held by the group at the year end were issued by seven property companies with a yield to maturity upon acquisition of these bonds ranging from approximately 5.37% to 12.33% per annum.
the group's investment strategy of corporate bonds is to target for bonds with good interest yield that commensurate with their default risk.
for making investment decisions on bonds of individual target company, references will usually be made to its announcements, news, latest financial information, dividend policy and business prospects.
there are no footnotes or additional notes provided in the image.
management discussion and analysis at the year end, the group's investments classified as debt instruments at fvtoci comprised current and non-current portions of united states dollar264,000 2021: united states dollar3,814,000 and united states dollar1,392,000 2021: united states dollar2,731,000 respectively, totalling united states dollar1,656,000 2021: united states dollar6,545,000 and representing a portfolio of corporate bonds.
the group had not made any new investments in corporate bonds during the year.
during fy2022, principal of certain debt instruments totalling united states dollar2,450,000 were redeemed.
for fy2022, a net decrease in fair value of the group's debt instruments at fvtoci of united states dollar2,439,000 2021: united states dollar3,862,000 was recognised as other comprehensive expense primarily owing to the decrease in their market values.
property holding and investment in february 2022, the group entered into a conditional provisional sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to dispose of the group's investment property at a consideration of hong kong dollar68,300,000 equivalent to united states dollar8,756,000 . the transaction was approved by the company's shareholders in a special general meeting held on 28 april 2022 and was completed on 6 june 2022. upon completion of the disposal, a loss on disposal of united states dollar183,000 representing the direct expenses related to the disposal was recognised, which largely accounted for the loss incurred by the business for the year of united states dollar196,000 2021: united states dollar313,000 . during fy2022, the group's property holding and investment business had no revenue 2021: united states dollar181,000 as the investment property, being an office unit at shun tak centre, sheung wan, hong kong, was vacant during the year before it was disposed of.
the group is not holding any investment property at present and will look for acquisition opportunities of investment properties with good rental yield and/or high appreciation potential.
merchandise trading during fy2022, mainly owing to the effect of the prolonged continuation of the covid pandemic, the group's merchandise trading business, which focusing on trading of electronic components, remained in temporary halt and no revenue 2021: nil was generated.
the loss incurred by the business of united states dollar91,000 2021: nil represented the allowance for credit losses recognised for other receivables of the business.
the group intends to resume the business when market conditions improve.
share of result of a joint venture for fy2022, the loss of the joint venture shared by the group amounted to united states dollar758,000 2021: profit of united states dollar87,000 and was mainly related to the decrease in fair value of an industrial property in shanghai, china held under the joint venture, the property is vacant at present and is intended for leasing.
at 31 december 2022, the carrying value of the group's investment in the joint venture was united states dollar4,015,000 2021: united states dollar5,167,000 and the major asset held by it is the aforementioned industrial property.
overall results for fy2022, the group recorded a profit attributable to owners of the company of united states dollar1,123,000 2021: united states dollar10,488,000 and a total comprehensive expense attributable to owners of the company of united states dollar314,000 2021: total comprehensive income of united states dollar12,122,000 . the decrease in the group's profit was mainly attributed to the recognition of impairment loss on vessels of united states dollar797,000 2021: reversal of impairment loss of united states dollar13,430,000 , though partly offset by i the increase in profit contribution from the group's marine transportation operation to united states dollar5,436,000 2021: united states dollar3,938,000 ; and ii the decrease in net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci to united states dollar1,402,000 2021: united states dollar5,360,000 . financial review: liquidity, financial resources, and capital structure during fy2022, the group financed its operations mainly through cash generated from operations, credit facilities from a financial institution, and shareholders' funds.
at 31 december 2022: current assets: united states dollar18,277,000 2021: united states dollar13,122,000 liquid assets bank deposits and cash equivalents : united states dollar15,819,000 2021: united states dollar7,640,000 current ratio current assets over current liabilities of united states dollar3,826,000 2021: united states dollar5,374,000 : 4.78 2021: 2.44 . the significant increase is attributed to net proceeds from the disposal of an investment property carrying value of united states dollar8,756,000 during the year.
at 31 december 2022: equity attributable to owners: united states dollar61,138,000 2021: united states dollar61,452,000 , a decrease of united states dollar314,000 compared to the prior year.
this is mainly due to a net decrease in fair value of debt instruments at fvtoci united states dollar2,439,000 in 2022; united states dollar3,862,000 in 2021 , offset by profit earned by the group united states dollar1,123,000 in 2022; united states dollar10,488,000 in 2021 . group borrowings and maturity profile at year-end, borrowings represented loans from a financial institution primarily for financing vessel holdings.
table: group borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars year: 2022, non-current portion: united states dollar756, current portion: united states dollar2,122, total: united states dollar2,878 year: 2021, non-current portion: united states dollar4,878, current portion: united states dollar4,908, total: united states dollar9,786 table end.
during 2022, a united states dollar2,000,000 early loan repayment was made due to rising interest rates.
at 31 december 2022, borrowings were denominated in united states dollar, bore floating interest rates, and were secured by two vessels owned by the group.
the amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates in the loan agreements.
management discussion and analysis for fy2022, the group's finance costs of united states dollar346,000 2021: united states dollar447,000 represented mainly interests for the borrowings.
finance costs decreased by 23% mainly as a result of the group fully repaying a bank loan of united states dollar2,786,000 in march 2022. the group's gearing ratio, calculated on the basis of total borrowings of united states dollar2,878,000 2021: united states dollar9,786,000 divided by total equity of united states dollar61,138,000 2021: united states dollar61,452,000 , was a low ratio of about 5% 2021: 16% at the year-end.
with the amount of liquid assets on hand and credit facilities granted by a financial institution, the management believes the group has sufficient financial resources to meet its ongoing operational requirements.
use of proceeds from the open offer in january 2021, the company successfully raised united states dollar9,148,000 before expenses via an open offer of 548,851,784 offer shares with aggregate nominal value of united states dollar548,851.784 at a subscription price of hong kong dollar0.13 per offer share.
the closing price of the company's shares was hong kong dollar0.193 on the day the subscription price was fixed.
this was based on one offer share for every one share of the company held on the record date the "open offer" . the net proceeds from the open offer were united states dollar8,621,000 equivalent to a net subscription price of approximately hong kong dollar0.12 per offer share . of this, united states dollar2,821,000 was used to repay a bank revolving loan, achieving immediate savings in finance costs.
the remaining net proceeds of united states dollar5,800,000 were earmarked as working capital for the group's marine transportation business.
contrary to the original intention to allocate approximately 50% of the remaining proceeds to its marine transportation business, 40% to its investment holding business, and 10% to its merchandise trading business as working capital, the net proceeds from the open offer were not used in this manner.
this is because the group was not active in merchandise trading and investment activities due to the adverse economic impact of the prolonged covid-19 pandemic.
therefore, the remaining net proceeds of united states dollar5,800,000 were earmarked as working capital for the group's marine transportation business before any vessel acquisition.
this working capital will be continually used and replenished during operations.
due to the revival of economic activities worldwide following the easing of the covid-19 pandemic, the outlook for the marine transportation industry has improved.
the price range of second-hand supramax vessels under consideration has increased to approximately united states dollar13 million to united states dollar16 million, about 50% higher than the management's original estimate of united states dollar7 million to united states dollar12 million in 2021, though lower than the peak of the second-hand dry bulk vessel market in mid-2022.
recently, the second-hand dry bulk vessel market has softened, and some buying opportunities have emerged.
the management is evaluating certain vessel buying opportunities and intends to use the remaining net proceeds of the open offer united states dollar5,800,000 to acquire a second-hand dry bulk vessel.
this may include a panamax size carrier with a greater carrying capacity approximately 75,000 dead weight tonnage than supramax, offering more options.
the management will continue to monitor market conditions and inform shareholders of any vessel acquisition updates as appropriate.
10 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 management discussion and analysis foreign currency management the monetary assets and liabilities as well as business transactions of the group are mainly denominated in united states dollars or hong kong dollars.
during fy2022, the group had not experienced any significant exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, as such, the group had not entered into any financial arrangements for hedging purposes.
appropriate measures will be undertaken by the group should exchange rate fluctuations become significant.
pledge of assets at 31 december 2022, two vessels 2021: three vessels with an aggregate carrying amount of united states dollar27,404,000 2021: united states dollar42,279,000 including dry-docking were pledged to a financial institution 2021: a bank and a financial institution as security for the loan facilities granted to the group.
contingent liabilities at 31 december 2022, the group had no significant contingent liability 2021: nil . capital commitments at 31 december 2022, the group had no significant capital commitment 2021: nil . event after the reporting period subsequent to the end of the reporting period, in connection with the claim made by the owner of the other vessel referred to in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, the group has paid a security deposit of united states dollar1,006,000 to the supreme court of singapore pending settlement of the collision event as defined therein . the security deposit is to be refunded upon the closure of the collision event.
the directors considered that the collision event has no significant impact to the group's operations and the group's vessel involved, which sustained minor damages in the event, is in normal operation.
employees and remuneration policy at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 2021: 16 employees including directors of the company.
for fy2022, staff costs including directors' emoluments amounted to united states dollar703,000 2021: united states dollar778,000 . the remuneration packages for directors and staff are normally reviewed annually and are structured by reference to prevailing market terms and individual competence, performance and experience.
the group operates a mandatory provident fund scheme the “mpf scheme" for employees in hong kong.
in addition, the group provides other employee benefits including medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.
the group's contributions to the mpf scheme for its employees are fully and immediately vested in the employees once the contributions are made.
accordingly, there are no forfeited contributions under the mpf scheme that may be used by the group to reduce the existing level of contributions.
during fy2022, the group continued to engage a crew agency to provide crew services about 44 crew members for two of the group's vessels, crew expenses for the year amounting to united states dollar2,679,000 2021: united states dollar1,892,000 . management discussion and analysis risk factors the group has identified and is facing a number of significant risks during fy2022.
some of these risks are ongoing factors which the industry has to cope with in the medium to long term.
other risk factors are specific to the group.
economic risk the prolonged continuation of the covid pandemic, the heightened political and economic tensions between china and the us, and the russia-ukraine war were the major factors that resulted in the volatility of bdi during fy2022.
the bdi, which has a close correlation to freight rate, was at its peak of over 3,300 points in may 2022, hit its low of about 1,000 points in august 2022, and was hovering between the 1,500 to 2,500 points level for much of the year.
the movement of bdi is outside of the group's control and would have a material effect on the financial performance of the group's marine transportation business.
the global economic conditions and the state of international financial and investment markets, including the economy, financial and investment markets of the us, mainland china and hong kong, of which the group has no control, have significant influence on the financial performance of the group's investment holding business.
market risk the group's marine transportation business is operating in a rather volatile market.
the business of dry bulk cargo carriers is subject to demand for chartering services and supply of vessels by cargo shippers in the region as well as the worldwide market.
the group is therefore facing intense competition among shippers.
financial risk the group is exposed to financial risks relating to foreign currency, interest rate, credit and liquidity in its ordinary course of business.
details of such risks and management policies are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.
environment risk the group is constantly exposed to inherent risks such as oil spills, pollution, collisions, mechanical breakdown of its vessels, adverse weather conditions, fire or other calamity.
any of these factors may cause disruptions to the group's marine transportation business and result in loss or damage to its vessels or cargo.
the group may also be liable for damages or compensation payable and its existing insurance may not be able to cover all claims fully or its costs may increase significantly.
this may adversely affect the financial performance of the group's marine transportation business.
customer risk the group has been relied on a small number of customers in the last few years.
this has been limiting the group's bargaining power on freight rates and flexibility in freight contract options.
the group may not be able to expand its customer base in the short to medium term in light of the prevailing competitive market conditions which may adversely affect the financial performance of the group's marine transportation business.
management discussion and analysis supply chain risk the group sources goods and products from a wide range of suppliers.
the cooperation is based on a well-entrenched relationship and fair terms of trade between the group and its suppliers.
however, the group cannot warrant that the relationship with each supplier will remain unchanged.
in the event the group is unable to reach agreement upon reasonable terms with any suppliers and cannot find suitable substitute suppliers, the group's marine transportation business may be affected.
compliance with relevant laws and regulations as far as the board and the management are aware, the group has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the businesses and operations of the group.
during the year, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the group.
relationship with employees, customers and suppliers the group understands the importance of maintaining good relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers to meet its immediate and long-term business goals.
during fy2022, there were no significant disputes between the group and its employees, customers and suppliers.
environmental policies and performance the group is committed to the long-term sustainability of the environment and communities in which it operates.
the group is closely following the rules and regulations of the international maritime organisation “imo” . the imo sets out a number of regulations and guidelines for the shipping industry that include safety, environment, human, technical, legal and security elements.
the group has established internal control systems and procedures based on these imo rules, especially the international safety management code.
the group's internal control systems are subject to annual review and audit by the imo compliance agents.
the group is working vigorously to improve its performance in order to follow and match the ever-changing requirements of the industry and the imo in particular.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
biographical details of directors and senior management the biographical details of directors and senior management are set out below: executive directors mr. sue ka lok “mr.
sue” , chairman aged 57, rejoined the company as executive director in november 2021 and was re-appointed as the chairman of the board in january 2022. mr. sue is a member of the nomination committee and a director of various subsidiaries of the company.
mr. sue first joined the company as executive director and the chairman of the board in october 2015, stepped down from the position as chairman of the board and re-designated as non-executive director in october 2017, re-appointed as the chairman of the board in february 2018, and subsequently resigned as non-executive director and the chairman of the board in january 2021. mr. sue holds a bachelor of economics degree from the university of sydney in australia and a master of science in finance degree from the city university of hong kong.
mr. sue is a fellow of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, a fellow certified practising accountant of the cpa australia, a fellow of the hong kong securities and investment institute, and a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both the hong kong chartered governance institute and the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom.
he has extensive experience in corporate management, finance, accounting and company secretarial practice.
mr. sue is an executive director, the company secretary and chief executive officer of csc holdings limited formerly known as china strategic holdings limited stock code: 235 , an executive director of epi holdings limited stock code: 689 and a non-executive director of birmingham sports holdings limited stock code: 2309 . all of the above-mentioned companies are listed on the main board of the hong kong stock exchange.
ms. wang yu “ms.
wang” , company secretary aged 47, joined the group as executive director in october 2017, appointed as joint company secretary in february 2019 and subsequently appointed as company secretary in march 2019. she is a director of various subsidiaries of the company.
ms. wang holds a bachelor of arts degree from the university of science and technology of china, bachelor of laws degree from manchester metropolitan university, master of business administration degree from the university of birmingham in the united kingdom, master of corporate governance degree and master of professional accounting degree from the hong kong polytechnic university.
ms. wang is a chartered secretary, a chartered governance professional and a fellow of both the hong kong chartered governance institute and the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom.
she has experience in logistics industry, corporate administration and company secretarial practice.
independent non-executive directors mr. zhou qijin “mr.
zhou” aged 62, joined the group as independent non-executive director in october 2015 and is the chairman of the nomination committee and a member of the audit committee and the remuneration committee.
mr. zhou holds a bachelor's degree in law from the southwest university of political science and law, the prc.
he has extensive experience in property investments and automobile sales and marketing in the prc.
biographical details of directors and senior management mr. pau shiu ming "mr.
pau" aged 73, joined the group as independent non-executive director in april 2018 and is the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of the audit committee and the nomination committee.
mr. pau holds a bachelor of social sciences degree from the university of hong kong.
mr. pau had held senior roles in various international banks and has extensive experience in the banking and finance industry.
mr. tsao hoi ho "mr.
tsao" aged 58, joined the group as independent non-executive director in november 2019 and is the chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee and the nomination committee.
mr. tsao holds a master of business administration degree from the university of warwick in the united kingdom.
mr. tsao is a certified public accountant practising of the hong kong institute of certified public accountants, an associate of the chartered governance institute in the united kingdom and an associate of the australasian institute of banking and finance.
mr. tsao has over 20 years' extensive experience in auditing, corporate finance and company secretarial practice.
senior management mr. yuen chee lap, carl "mr.
yuen" , chief executive officer and financial controller aged 49, joined the company as financial manager in january 2004 and was appointed as financial controller in may 2006. mr. yuen has taken up the additional role as chief executive officer since september 2019 and is responsible for the group's overall operations.
mr. yuen obtained a bachelor of business administration degree and a master of business administration degree from the university of houston, united states in 1997 and 1998 respectively.
he is a member of the hong kong institute of directors and the association of hong kong accountants.
mr. yuen has rich experience in finance and accounting both in hong kong and the united states.
he started his career in the united states when he joined a united states listed company in 2000 and served as its chief financial officer from 2000 to 2003. mr. yuen is an independent non-executive director of qianhai health holdings limited stock code: 911 , a company listed on the main board of the hong kong stock exchange.
report of the directors the directors are pleased to present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022. principal activities and business review the company acts as an investment holding.
the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.
further discussion and analysis of the group’s activities as required by schedule 5 to the companies ordinance chapter 622 of the laws of hong kong , including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties the group is facing, the particulars of important events affecting the group that have occurred since the end of the financial year, an indication of likely future developments in the group’s businesses, the key relationships with employees, customers and suppliers, and the compliance with laws and regulations, can be found in the “chairman’s statement” and “management discussion and analysis” sections set out on pages 4 to 13 of this annual report and the “corporate governance report” set out on pages 21 to 32 of this annual report.
these discussions form part of this directors’ report.
in addition, discussions on the group’s environmental policies and performance are contained in the “environmental, social and governance report” on pages 33 to 52 of this annual report.
results the results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 58. final dividend the board has resolved not to declare the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 december 2022 2021: nil . five-year financial summary a summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of the company, is set out on page 116. this summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.
property, plant and equipment details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the group during the year are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
investment property details of movements in the investment property of the group during the year are set out in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
share capital details of movements in the company’s share capital during the year are set out in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.
distributable reserve of the company the company has a distributable reserve of united states dollar24,995,000 2021: united states dollar34,010,000 as at 31 december 2022 available for distribution to its shareholders.
report of the directors major customers and suppliers during the year, sales to the group's five largest customers accounted for approximately 100.0% 2021: 93.6% of the total revenue for the year and sales to the largest customer accounted for approximately 44.4% 2021: 36.5% . purchases from the group's five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 50.5% 2021: 45.1% of the total purchases for the year and purchases from the largest supplier accounted for approximately 43.3% 2021: 38.1% . none of the directors of the company or any of their close associates or any shareholders which, to the best knowledge of the directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the company had any beneficial interest in the group's five largest customers or suppliers during the year.
directors the directors of the company during the year and up to the date of this annual report were: executive directors: mr. sue ka lok ms. wang yu non-executive director: dr. feng xiaogang resigned on 31 december 2022 independent non-executive directors: mr. zhou qijin mr. pau shiu ming mr. tsao hoi ho in accordance with bye-law 86 of the bye-laws, each director shall retire at least once every three years.
accordingly, mr. tsao hoi ho will retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company the “2023 agm” , and being eligible, offer himself for re-election.
directors' service contracts none of the directors being proposed for re-election at the 2023 agm has a service contract with the company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022, page 17 report of the directors permitted indemnity provisions pursuant to the bye-laws, every director or other officer of the company for the time being acting in relation to any affairs of the company shall be entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which he/she shall or may incur or sustain in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto, and no director or other officer shall be liable for any loss, misfortune or damage which may happen in the execution of his/her office or in relation thereto provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any of the directors or other officers.
the company has arranged appropriate directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage for the directors and other officers of the company during the year.
directors' remuneration details of the directors' remuneration are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
updates on directors' information the following is an updated information of the directors of the company required to be disclosed pursuant to rule 13.51b 1 of the hong kong listing rules: mr. tsao hoi ho resigned as independent non-executive director of flying financial service holdings limited stock code: 8030 , a company listed on gem of the hong kong stock exchange, with effect from 5 december 2022. the remuneration of ms. wang yu has been adjusted to hong kong dollar455,000 per annum.
the remuneration of ms. wang yu has been recommended by the remuneration committee and approved by the board.
directors' material interests in contracts of significance no contract of significance to which the company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.
directors' interests and short positions in shares, underlying shares and debentures as at 31 december 2022, none of the directors and chief executive of the company had any interests in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the company or its associated corporations within the meaning of part xv of the sfo as recorded in the register required to be kept by the company under section 352 of the sfo, or as otherwise notified to the company and the hong kong stock exchange pursuant to the model code contained in the hong kong listing rules.
share option scheme details of the share option scheme of the company are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.
directors' rights to acquire shares or debentures save as disclosed in the section headed "share option scheme" above, at no time during the year was the company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the directors of the company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the company or any other body corporate, and none of the directors of the company or their spouse or minor children had any rights to subscribe for the securities of the company, or had exercised any such rights during the year.
report of the directors interests and short positions of shareholders disclosable under the sfo as at 31 december 2022, the following interests of more than 5% of the total number of issued shares of the company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the company pursuant to section 336 of the sfo: long positions in the shares of the company: name of shareholder: suen cho hung, paul "mr.
suen" , capacity and nature of interest: interest of controlled corporation, number of shares held: 315,990,132 note , approximate percentage of the company's issued shares: 28.79% name of shareholder: brilliant epic asia limited, capacity and nature of interest: interest of controlled corporation, number of shares held: 315,990,132 note , approximate percentage of the company's issued shares: 28.79% name of shareholder: success united development limited, capacity and nature of interest: beneficial owner, number of shares held: 315,990,132 note , approximate percentage of the company's issued shares: 28.79% table end.
note: success united was a wholly-owned subsidiary of brilliant epic which was, in turn, wholly owned by mr. suen.
mr. suen was the sole director of brilliant epic and success united.
accordingly, brilliant epic and mr. suen were deemed to be interested in 315,990,132 shares of the company held by success united under the sfo.
the interests of mr. suen, brilliant epic and success united in 315,990,132 shares of the company referred to in the note above related to the same parcel of shares.
save as disclosed above, the company had not been notified of any other relevant interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the company as at 31 december 2022 as required pursuant to section 336 of the sfo.
related party transactions the related party disclosures in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements fall under the scope of "connected transactions" or "continuing connected transactions" under chapter 14a of the hong kong listing rules but are exempted from reporting, annual review, announcement or independent shareholders' approval requirements.
remuneration policy the group remunerates its employees based on their competence, performance, experience and prevailing market terms.
other employee benefits included provident fund scheme, medical insurance, subsidised training programme as well as discretionary bonus.
directors' interests in competing business during the year and up to the date of this annual report, none of the directors, or any of their respective close associates as defined in the hong kong listing rules had any material interest in a business that competes or may compete with the businesses of the group.
19 report of the directors pre-emptive rights there are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the bye-laws or the companies act 1981 of bermuda which would oblige the company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.
purchase, sale or redemption of the company's listed securities during the year ended 31 december 2022, neither the company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the company's listed securities.
equity-linked agreements save for the share option scheme of the company disclosed above, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the group, or existed during the year.
management contracts no contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the company was entered into or existed during the year.
audit committee the audited consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022 have been reviewed by the audit committee and are duly approved by the board under the recommendation of the audit committee.
auditor the consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022 have been audited by deloitte touche tohmatsu.
a resolution will be proposed at the 2023 agm to re-appoint deloitte touche tohmatsu as auditor of the company.
on behalf of the board sue ka lok chairman hong kong, 24 march 2023 . 20 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the company has recognised the importance of transparency and accountability, and believes that shareholders can benefit from good corporate governance.
the company aims to achieve good standards of corporate governance.
cultures and values the board believes a healthy corporate culture is vital in attaining the group's vision, values and strategy.
it trusts that conducting business in an ethical and reliable way will maximize its long-term interests and those of its stakeholders.
the structure of corporate governance adopted by the company emphasizes a quality board, sound internal controls and accountability to shareholders and these are based upon an ethical corporate culture.
it is the board's mission to establish and foster a healthy corporate culture with the following principles and to ensure that the company's vision, values and business strategies are aligned to it.
i ethics and integrity the group strives to maintain a high standard of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities.
directors, management and staff are all required to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly.
such required standards are set out in the group's code of conduct, anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy further discussions on the two policies are in the sections below . trainings are conducted from time to time to reinforce the values across the group and to uphold the standards with respect to ethics and integrity.
ii commitment to excellence the group believes commitment to excellence is the first step to continuous improvement and the driving force behind a business organisation.
the group implements a performance appraisal system and aims to reward and recognise performing staff by providing them competitive remuneration packages, as well as the opportunities of career development and progression within the group.
such values are articulated in policies, procedures and processes in day-to-day operations.
department heads are responsible to set expectations for staff with respect to their roles and responsibilities.
in addition, staff are also encouraged to enroll in external training courses and seminars in order to update their technical skills and keep abreast of the market and regulatory developments.
corporate governance the company had complied with all the applicable provisions of the corporate governance code the "cg code" set out in appendix 14 to the hong kong listing rules for the year ended 31 december 2022. directors' securities transactions the company has adopted the model code set out in appendix 10 to the hong kong listing rules as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors of the company.
having made specific enquiry with the directors, all of them confirmed that they had complied with the required standards set out in the model code during the year ended 31 december 2022. . courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report board of directors the board formulates the overall strategy of the group, monitors its financial performance and maintains effective oversight over the management.
the board members are fully committed to their roles and have acted in good faith to maximize the shareholders' value in the long run, and have aligned the group's goals and directions with the prevailing economic and market conditions.
daily operations and administration are delegated to the management.
the board met regularly throughout the year to discuss the overall business strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the group.
the directors are kept informed on a timely basis of major changes that may affect the group's businesses, including relevant rules and regulations.
the directors can, upon reasonable request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the company's expenses.
the board shall resolve to provide separate appropriate independent professional advice to the directors to assist the relevant directors to discharge their duties.
as at 24 march 2023, the date of this annual report, the board comprises five directors: two executive directors mr. sue ka lok chairman and ms. wang yu ; and three independent non-executive directors mr. zhou qijin, mr. pau shiu ming and mr. tsao hoi ho . the directors are considered to have a balance of skills and experience appropriate for the requirements of the businesses of the company.
the company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to rule 3.13 of the hong kong listing rules.
the company considers all the independent non-executive directors are independent in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in the hong kong listing rules.
biographical details of the directors are set out under the section headed "biographical details of directors and senior management" on pages 14 to 15 of this annual report.
mr. suen cho hung, paul “mr.
suen” , the ultimate beneficial owner of the substantial shareholder of the company, is the ultimate beneficial owner of the substantial shareholder of epi holdings limited stock code: 689 , of which mr. sue ka lok is an executive director.
mr. suen is the ultimate beneficial owner of the substantial shareholder of birmingham sports holdings limited stock code: 2309 , of which mr. sue ka lok is a non-executive director.
mr. suen also indirectly holds approximately 8.24% of the issued shares in csc holdings limited formerly known as china strategic holdings limited stock code: 235 , of which mr. sue ka lok is an executive director, the company secretary and chief executive officer.
save as disclosed above, there are no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships between the substantial shareholders and members of the board.
the company will provide a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction to each newly appointed director on his/her first appointment in order to enable him/her to have an appropriate understanding of the businesses and operations of the group and that he/she is fully aware of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the hong kong listing rules and relevant regulatory requirements.
all directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, and are continually updated on the developments of the statutory and regulatory regime and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities.
the company has provided timely technical updates, including briefings on the amendments on the hong kong listing rules and the news release published by the hong kong stock exchange to the directors.
continuing briefing and professional development for directors are arranged where necessary.
22 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the directors have participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars, in-house briefings and/or reading materials on the related areas to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, all the directors including mr. sue ka lok, ms. wang yu, dr. feng xiaogang resigned on 31 december 2022 , mr. zhou qijin, mr. pau shiu ming and mr. tsao hoi ho had complied with code provision c.1.4 of the cg code and had provided the company with their respective training records pursuant to the cg code.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, four regular board meetings and two general meetings were held.
the attendance of each director is as follows: table: director meeting attendance director category: executive directors , director name: mr. sue ka lok, board meetings: 4/4, general meetings: 2/2 director name: ms. wang yu, board meetings: 4/4, general meetings: 2/2 director category: non-executive director , director name: dr. feng xiaogang resigned on 31 december 2022 , board meetings: 4/4, general meetings: 2/2 director category: independent non-executive directors , director name: mr. zhou qijin, board meetings: 4/4, general meetings: 1/2 director name: mr. pau shiu ming, board meetings: 4/4, general meetings: 2/2 director name: mr. tsao hoi ho, board meetings: 4/4, general meetings: 2/2 table end.
chairman and chief executive the group adopts a dual leadership structure in which the role of the chairman is separated from that of the chief executive officer the "ceo" . the chairman is responsible for overseeing all board functions, while the management is under the leadership of the ceo to oversee the day-to-day operations of the group and implement the strategies and policies approved by the board.
the position of the chairman of the board is currently held by mr. sue ka lok and the position of ceo is currently held by mr. yuen chee lap, carl.
term of appointment of non-executive directors each of the independent non-executive directors is appointed for a term of twelve-month period which automatically renews for successive twelve-month periods unless terminated by either party in writing prior to the expiry of the term.
all the independent non-executive directors are also subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at least once every three years at the annual general meetings of the company in accordance with the bye-laws.
corporate governance report remuneration committee the remuneration committee has specific written terms of reference that are in compliance with the cg code.
as at the date of this annual report, the remuneration committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely mr. pau shiu ming, mr. zhou qijin, and mr. tsao hoi ho.
mr. pau shiu ming is the chairman of the remuneration committee.
the remuneration committee is mainly responsible for formulating the remuneration policy, reviewing and recommending to the board the annual remuneration policy and the remuneration of the directors.
the overriding objective of the remuneration policy is to ensure that the group is able to attract, retain, and motivate a high-caliber team which is essential to the success of the group.
the full terms of reference are available on the company's website and the hong kong stock exchange's website.
the remuneration committee met one time during the year ended 31 december 2022 to assess the performance of the directors, and review and make recommendations to the board on the remuneration packages for directors and senior management.
the attendance of each member is set out as follows: members: mr. pau shiu ming, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr. zhou qijin, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr. tsao hoi ho, number of attendance: 1/1 table end.
details of the director remuneration are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
pursuant to e.1.5 of the cg code, the details of the annual remuneration of the senior management by bands during the year are set out below: remuneration band: hong kong dollar500,000 to hong kong dollar1,000,000, number of individual: 1 table end.
nomination committee the nomination committee has specific written terms of reference that are in compliance with the cg code.
as at the date of this annual report, the nomination committee comprises four members, including three independent non-executive directors, namely mr. zhou qijin, mr. pau shiu ming, and mr. tsao hoi ho; and one executive director, namely mr. sue ka lok.
mr. zhou qijin is the chairman of the nomination committee.
the nomination committee is mainly responsible for identifying potential directors and making recommendations to the board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors of the company.
potential new directors are selected on the basis of their qualifications, skills, and experience that he/she could add value to the management through his/her contributions in the relevant strategic business areas.
the full terms of reference are available on the company's website and the hong kong stock exchange's website.
. page 24 of courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the nomination committee met once during the year ended 31 december 2022 to review the board diversity policy "board diversity policy" and the nomination policy "nomination policy" of the company, the independence of the independent non-executive directors, and the structure, size and composition of the board; and to make recommendations to the board on the re-election of directors.
attendance of board members members: mr. zhou qijin, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr. pau shiu ming, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr. tsao hoi ho, number of attendance: 1/1 members: mr. sue ka lok, number of attendance: 1/1 table end.
board diversity policy the company recognizes the benefits of having a diverse board to enhance the quality of its performance and adopted the board diversity policy.
the board diversity policy sets out that in determining the optimum composition of the board, differences in skills, regional and industry experience, background, race, gender and other qualities of directors shall be considered.
all board appointments are made on merits, in the context of skills and experience the board as a whole requires, with due regard for the benefits of diversity of the board.
the nomination committee shall review and assess the board composition and its effectiveness on an annual basis.
when there is a vacancy on the board, the nomination committee will recommend suitable candidates for appointment to the board on merits, based on the terms of reference of the nomination committee, with due regard to the company's own circumstances.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, the company maintained an effective board comprising members of different genders, professional background and industry experience.
the board diversity policy has been consistently implemented.
as at the date of this annual report, the board consists of one female director and four male directors.
the board considered gender diversity in respect of the board satisfactory.
the group has taken, and will continue to take, steps to promote diversity at all levels of the workforce including senior management . opportunities for employment, training and career development are equally open to all eligible employees without discrimination so as to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the board and the workforce.
as at 31 december 2022, the male to female ratio in the workforce including senior management is 1:1.
the board considered gender diversity in respect of the workforce to be achieved.
in order to ensure that independent views and input of independent non-executive directors are made available to the board, the nomination committee and the board would assess the independence of independent non-executive directors annually with regard to, among others, the following factors: their character, integrity, expertise and experience; declaration of conflict of interest in their roles as independent non-executive directors; duration of appointment as independent non-executive directors; time commitment to the company's affairs; past and present financial or other interests in the businesses of the company; and connection with other director s , chief executive or substantial shareholder s of the company.
the company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of their independence, and the company considers that each of the independent non-executive directors has met the independence guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the hong kong listing rules.
25 corporate governance report nomination policy the board has adopted the nomination policy setting out the principles which guide the nomination committee to identify and evaluate a candidate for nomination to i the board for appointment; and ii the shareholders for election as a director of the company.
according to the nomination policy, in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate, the board shall take into account, among others, the following factors: i qualifications, professional experience, skills and knowledge relevant to the businesses of the group; ii commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest; iii diversity perspectives set out in the board diversity policy; iv in case of independent non-executive directors, regulatory requirement for appointment of independent non-executive directors and the independence criteria set out in the hong kong listing rules; and v any other factors that the board considers appropriate.
for filling a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing board, the nomination committee shall make recommendations for the board's consideration and approval.
for proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the nomination committee shall make nominations to the board for its consideration and recommendation.
on making recommendation, the nomination committee may submit to the board for consideration a proposal comprising, inter alia, the personal profile of the proposed candidate, which contains at least the candidate's information required to be disclosed under rule 13.51 of the hong kong listing rules.
the board shall be vested with power to make the final decision on all matters relating to the recommendation of candidates i for appointment and ii for standing for election at a general meeting as a director of the company.
the nomination committee will review the board diversity policy annually and the nomination policy from time to time to ensure that the policies will be implemented effectively.
auditor and auditor's remuneration the statement of the external auditor of the company about their responsibilities on the company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 is set out in the "independent auditor's report" on pages 53 to 57 of this annual report.
for the year ended 31 december 2022, the remuneration payable to the company's auditor, deloitte touche tohmatsu, for the provision of audit services amounted to hong kong dollar1,150,000.
audit committee the audit committee has specific written terms of reference that is in compliance with the cg code.
as at the date of this annual report, the audit committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely mr. tsao hoi ho, mr. zhou qijin and mr. pau shiu ming, who among themselves possess a wealth of management experience in the accounting profession and in commercial fields.
mr. tsao hoi ho is the chairman of the audit committee.
the audit committee is mainly responsible for reviewing financial statements of the company, reviewing the risk management and internal control systems of the group and meeting with the auditor of the company for audit matters.
any findings and recommendations of the audit committee will be submitted to the board for consideration.
the audit committee is authorised by the board to investigate any activity within its terms of reference.
it is authorised to seek any information it requires from any employee.
it is also authorised to obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice and to secure the attendance of outsiders with relevant experience and expertise if it considers necessary.
the full terms of reference are available on the company's website and the hong kong stock exchange's website.
26 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report the audit committee met three times during the year ended 31 december 2022. the attendance of each member is as follows: members: mr. tsao hoi ho, number of attendance: 3/3 members: mr. zhou qijin, number of attendance: 3/3 members: mr. pau shiu ming, number of attendance: 3/3 table end.
the following is a summary of the work performed by the audit committee during the year: 1. reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2021 and recommended the same to the board for approval.
2. reviewed and discussed the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the company for the six months ended 30 june 2022 and recommended the same to the board for approval.
3. reviewed and discussed with the management and the auditor of the company the accounting policies and practices which might have significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the company and the scope of the audit.
4. reviewed the report from the auditor of the company regarding their audit on the company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2021. 5. reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the group.
6. reviewed and approved the remuneration and the terms of engagement of the company's auditor; and reviewed and made recommendations to the board on the re-appointment of the company's auditor.
7. reviewed and adopted the anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy.
directors' responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements the directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the company for the year ended 31 december 2022. these statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the group at that date and of the group's results and cash flows for the year then ended.
they are properly prepared on the going concern basis in accordance with the statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards.
corporate governance report corporate governance functions the board is responsible for determining the policy for the corporate governance of the company and performing the corporate governance duties as set out below: 1. to develop and review the group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations.
2. to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management.
3. to review and monitor the group’s policies and practices on compliance with all legal and regulatory requirements.
4. to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and directors of the group.
5. to review the group’s compliance with the cg code and its disclosure requirements in the corporate governance report.
risk management and internal control the board has ultimate responsibilities for evaluating and determining the company’s levels of risk tolerance, overseeing the management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems on an ongoing basis and reviewing their effectiveness.
the group’s risk management and internal control systems aim to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses caused by judgment in decision making process, human error, fraud or other irregularities.
the board is also committed to review the adequacy and effectiveness of the group’s risk management and internal control systems annually, including financial, operational and compliance controls.
the group does not have an internal audit function due to the size of the group and consideration for cost effectiveness.
instead, such review is carried out with the assistance of roma risk advisory limited “roma” , an independent outsourced internal auditor.
the review aims to ensure the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.
it also assists the group to maintain the quality of the review in assessing its risk management and internal control systems.
during the year ended 31 december 2022, the group had reviewed the internal audit charter which defined the scope and objectives of the internal audit function and its reporting protocol.
the group had also conducted an annual risk assessment to identify, evaluate and manage the significant strategic risks, financial risks, operational risks, compliance risks and environmental, social and governance “esg” risks of its major business segments.
based on the risk assessment results following a risk based methodology audit approach, an annual review by roma was performed with a view to assisting the board and the audit committee to evaluate the effectiveness of the group’s risk management and internal control systems.
for conducting the annual review, roma had reviewed the relevant policies and procedures of the group, conducted collaborative interviews and document inspections, and performed walkthrough tests and samples testing procedures on the group’s risk management and internal control systems.
after the review, roma had presented to the board and the audit committee the internal control review report and enterprise risk management report which contained certain findings and relevant recommendations and suggestions for improvement on the group’s risk management and internal control systems.
the review covered material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls at entity and operational levels.
28 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report in connection with the controls on compliance aspect, the company has established a policy on handling and dissemination of inside information that sets out the procedures in handling inside information in an accurate and secure manner so as to avoid possible mishandling of inside information within the group.
based on the risk management and internal control systems established and maintained by the group, the work performed by roma and the external auditor, and the reviews performed by the management, the audit committee and the board, the audit committee and the board are not aware of any significant internal control and risk management weaknesses or inconsistencies with the group's risk management and internal control policies, and are of the opinion that the group has maintained adequate and effective risk management and internal control systems addressing strategic, financial, operational, compliance and esg risks for the year ended 31 december 2022. the board is also of the opinion that the group has adequate financial and human resources for its accounting and financial reporting function.
the company has complied with the relevant code provisions of the cg code relating to risk management and internal control.
anti-corruption policy the board has adopted an anti-fraud and counter-corruption policy the “anti-corruption policy” which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.
the group is committed to achieving high standards of business ethics and corporate governance across all business levels and operating activities and has zero tolerance towards fraud and corruption.
it strives to protect its reputation, assets and information from any attempt of fraud, corruption, deceit or improper conduct by employees or third parties.
in line with this, the anti-corruption policy has outlined the company’s expectations and requirements relating to the prevention, detection, reporting and investigation of any suspected fraud, corruption and other similar irregularities.
the anti-corruption policy applies to all group employees and all business partners, including customers, suppliers and debtors.
the audit committee has the overall responsibility for the implementation, monitoring and periodic review of the anti-corruption policy.
whistleblowing policy the board has adopted a whistleblowing policy the “whistleblowing policy” which forms an important part of the group’s effective risk management and internal control systems.
in line with the group’s commitment to promote ethical standards and to uncover any fraud, malpractice and misconduct within the organisation, the purpose of the whistleblowing policy is to i encourage and assist any employee s of the group or third parties e.grams. customers, suppliers etc. to raise the concern and disclose related information confidentially; ii provide reporting channels and guidance on whistleblowing to employees or third parties to raise the concern rather than neglecting it; and iii reveal suspected fraud, malpractice or misconduct before these activities cause disruption or loss to the group.
the audit committee has the overall responsibility for implementing, monitoring and reviewing the effectiveness of the whistleblowing policy and the actions resulting from the investigation.
external parties who wish to obtain more information on the anti-corruption policy and whistleblowing policy could contact us by email to acchairman@courageinv.com or by mail to room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong.
company secretary ms. wang yu was appointed the company secretary in march 2019. she has taken no less than 15 hours of training per employee of the relevant professional training during the year ended 31 december 2022. the biographical details of ms. wang yu are set out under the section headed “biographical details of directors and senior management” on pages 14 to 15 of this annual report.
corporate governance report shareholder rights the annual general meeting “agm” of the company provides a forum for communication between shareholders and the board.
the notice of the agm is dispatched to all shareholders at least 20 clear business days prior to such agm.
the chairmen of all board committees are invited to attend the agm.
the chairman of the board and the chairmen of all the board committees, or in their absence, other members of the respective committees, are available to answer questions at the agm.
the auditor of the company is also invited to attend the agm to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditors’ report, the accounting policies and auditor’s independence.
procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting shareholders can submit a requisition to convene a special general meeting pursuant to the companies act 1981 of bermuda the “companies act” . shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the board or the company secretary of the company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.
the written requisition must: state the purposes of the special general meeting; be signed by all the requisitionists may consist of one or several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists ; and be deposited at the company’s office in hong kong for the attention of the company secretary.
if the directors do not within twenty-one days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a special general meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a special general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the said date.
procedures for shareholders to put forward proposals at general meetings pursuant to the companies act, any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders having, at the date of the requisition, a right to vote at the meeting to which the requisition relates; or not less than one hundred shareholders, can request the company in writing to: a give to shareholders of the company entitled to receive notice of the next annual general meeting notice of any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at that meeting; and b circulate to shareholders of the company entitled to have notice of any general meeting send to them any statement of not more than one thousand words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at that meeting.
the requisition must be deposited to the company not less than six weeks before the meeting in case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution or not less than one week before the meeting in case of any other requisition.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 corporate governance report procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the company according to bye-law 87 of the bye-laws, no person other than a director retiring at the general meeting of the company shall, unless recommended by the directors for election, be eligible for election as a director at any general meeting of the company unless a notice signed by a shareholder of the company other than the person to be proposed duly qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting of the company for which such notice is given of his/her intention to propose such person for election and also a notice signed by the person to be proposed of his/her willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the company's principal place of business in hong kong, at the company's hong kong branch share registrar and transfer office, tricor investor services limited or at the company's singapore share transfer agent, boardroom corporate & advisory services pte.
ltd.
provided that the minimum length of the period, during which such notice s are given, shall be at least seven days, and that if the notice s are submitted after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting convened for such election, the period for lodgement of such notice s shall commence on the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting convened for such election and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting.
procedures for directing shareholders' enquiries to the board shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns in writing to the company secretary at the company's principal place of business in hong kong at room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong.
shareholders communication policy the group has adopted a shareholders communication policy the "shareholders communication policy" which sets out the objective of ensuring that the company's shareholders, both individual and institutional and, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the company including its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile , in order to enable the shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow the shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the company.
the group has established a range of communication channels between itself and the shareholders, investors and other stakeholders.
these include: contacting the hong kong branch share registrar, tricor investor services limited, or the singapore share transfer agent, boardroom corporate & advisory services pte.
ltd.
regarding questions on shareholdings; publishing corporate communications such as announcements, circulars and the annual and interim reports; maintaining a corporate website at www.courageinv.com; and holding shareholders' meetings.
the board has the overall responsibility to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the shareholders and the investment community, and will regularly review the shareholders communication policy to ensure its effectiveness.
for the year ended 31 december 2022, the board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication policy including steps taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries received if any and the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place, and considered that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented during the year under review and is effective.
31 corporate governance report dividend policy according to the dividend policy adopted by the company, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount, the board shall take into account, among others, the following factors: i the actual and expected financial performance of the group ii the retained earnings and distributable reserves of the group iii the expected working capital requirements and future expansion plans of the group iv the liquidity position of the group v any other factors that the board deems appropriate.
the declaration and payment of dividends by the company shall be determined at the sole and absolute discretion of the board and is also subject to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations including the laws of bermuda and the bye-laws.
investor relations as a channel to further promote effective communication, the group maintains a website at www.courageinv.com where the company's annual and interim reports, notices, announcements and circulars are posted.
a printed copy of the bye-laws has been published on the websites of the company and the hong kong stock exchange.
there had been no changes in the company's constitutional documents during the year ended 31 december 2022. sufficiency of public float based on information that is publicly available to the company and within the knowledge of the directors, at least 25% of the company's total issued shares is held by the public at 18 april 2023, being the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report.
environmental, social and governance report overview the board is pleased to present the environmental, social and governance "esg" report of the group, which reviews the group's esg initiatives, plans, and performance, as well as its sustainable development in respect of environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.
as a responsible corporate citizen, the group views esg commitments as part of its social responsibilities and is committed to incorporating esg considerations into its decision-making process.
introduction the group is principally engaged in the business of marine transportation, investment holding, property holding and investment, and merchandise trading.
the marine transportation business comprises vessel chartering activities, and the merchandise trading business focuses on the trading of electronic components.
the environmental, social and governance report “esg report” summarises the esg initiatives, plans, and performance of the group in relation to environmental protection, labour practices, business operations, supply chain management, and other issues.
the group focuses on the expectations and concerns of its stakeholders, and demonstrates its commitment to sustainable development.
the esg governance structure the group conducts a top-down management approach with respect to esg issues.
the board holds the overall responsibility for the group's esg strategy and reporting, as well as overseeing and managing its esg-related issues.
the board regularly reviews and confirms the group's esg-related risks and opportunities, performance, goals, targets, progress over time, management approach and policies, with the assistance of the group's designated personnel from the business and functional departments.
the board also ensures the effectiveness of its esg risk management and internal control mechanisms.
the board discusses and reviews progress made against esg-related goals and targets at least once annually with the assistance of the group's designated personnel.
the group's designated personnel from the business and functional departments facilitate the board's oversight of esg-related issues.
their duties include overseeing and reviewing the group's esg-related policies, performance, management approach, risks and opportunities, as well as reporting and recommending improvements on esg-related matters to the board.
they also propose and recommend the group's esg-related strategies, priorities, goals and targets to the board.
in addition, they prepare the esg reports and present them to the board for approval.
reporting period the esg report specifies the esg activities, challenges, and measures taken by the group during the year ended 31 december 2022 “fy2022” as well as the comparative data for the year ended 31 december 2021 "fy2021" where appropriate.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
environmental, social and governance report reporting scope the senior management of the group has discussed and identified the reporting scope of esg-related matters based on the materiality principle and after having considered the group's core business and main revenue source.
the esg report covers all of the group's business activities except for the merchandise trading activities, as explained below , and the group's business operation is mainly office-based.
the esg report serves to provide details of the group's esg policies and initiatives with respect to its businesses.
the group's merchandise trading operation, which is included in the esg report for the year ended 31 december 2020, is not covered in the esg report for fy2021 and fy2022 because the business was temporarily halted and did not generate any revenue during fy2021 and fy2022.
the esg key performance indicator “kpi” data was gathered from the companies and subsidiaries that are under the group's direct operational control.
the kpis are shown in the esg report and are supplemented by explanatory notes to establish benchmarks.
the group will extend the scope of disclosures when and where applicable.
reporting framework the esg report has been prepared in accordance with the environmental, social and governance reporting guide the “esg reporting guide” set out in appendix 27 to the hong kong listing rules.
information relating to the group's corporate governance practices is set out in the "corporate governance report" on pages 21 to 32 of this annual report.
during the preparation of the esg report, the group has applied the following reporting principles, which are set out in the esg reporting guide: materiality: a materiality assessment is conducted to identify material issues during fy2022, thereby adopting the confirmed material issues as the focus for the preparation of the esg report.
the materiality of issues are reviewed and confirmed by the board and senior management.
further details of “materiality assessment” are set out in the section below.
quantitative: the standards and methodologies used in the calculation of relevant data in the esg report, as well as the applicable assumptions are disclosed.
the kpis are supplemented by explanatory notes to establish benchmarks where appropriate.
balance: the esg report provides an unbiased picture of the group's esg-related matters by avoiding selection, omissions, or presentation formats that may inappropriately influence a reader's decision or judgment.
consistency: the approach adopted in preparing the esg report is substantially consistent with the one adopted in fy2021.
explanations are provided for data with changes to the scope of disclosure or calculation methodologies.
the esg report has been internally reviewed by the group's senior management and approved by the board.
contact us the group welcomes all questions, feedback and suggestions from stakeholders.
you can provide valuable advice in respect of the esg report or our performance in sustainable development by writing to room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong or by email to courage@courageinv.com.
stakeholder engagement the group values its stakeholders and their feedback regarding its businesses and esg aspects.
the group maintains close communication with its key stakeholders, including but not limited to, government and regulatory authorities, shareholders and investors, employees, customers, suppliers, as well as the media and the public.
stakeholders' expectations have been taken into consideration by utilizing diversified engagement methods and communication channels, as shown below: table: stakeholder communication channels and expectations stakeholders: government and regulatory authorities, communication channels: routine reports; written or electronic correspondences; supervision on relevant laws and regulations, expectations: compliance with relevant laws and regulations; stability in business operations stakeholders: shareholders and investors, communication channels: general meetings and other shareholders' meetings; annual and interim reports; announcements and circulars; investor meetings, expectations: sustainable profitability; shareholders' return; corporate governance; business compliance stakeholders: employees, communication channels: company website; training, seminars and briefing; performance reviews; intranet; regular staff meetings; electronic correspondences, expectations: remuneration, compensation and benefits; comfortable working environment; employee development and training stakeholders: customers, communication channels: company service hotline and email; face-to-face meetings, expectations: high-quality products and services; prompt response and customer satisfaction stakeholders: suppliers, communication channels: suppliers' satisfactory assessment; on-site visits; regular calls and meetings, expectations: fair and open procurement; win-win cooperation; compliance with relevant laws and regulations; risk management stakeholders: media and the public, communication channels: esg reports; company website; regular reports and announcements, expectations: transparency of financial and esg issues disclosure; compliance with relevant laws and regulations table end.
the group aims to actively listen to and collaborate with its stakeholders to ensure that their opinions can be voiced out through the proper communication channels.
in the long run, the stakeholders' contributions will aid the group in improving potentially overlooked esg aspects.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 materiality assessment materiality assessment is the process of identifying, refining, and assessing esg issues that could affect the group's businesses and its stakeholders.
the results of the materiality assessment are used to formulate strategy, set targets, and determine the focus of the esg report.
materiality assessment enables the group to analyze business risks and opportunities, which support the sustainable development of its businesses.
the group values the feedback of stakeholders and their opinions on which esg aspects they consider material.
with the assistance of the group’s management, a list of material esg issues has been identified based on the group’s businesses, the esg reporting guide, and an analysis of industry peers.
during fy2022, the group conducted a materiality assessment survey to prioritize the identified material esg issues.
management and employees of different business units and departments were invited to evaluate the significance of the identified esg issues to the stakeholders and the group’s businesses.
based on the results of the survey, the group compiled the materiality matrix below.
the results of the materiality assessment were reviewed by the group’s management and approved by the board.
as there were no substantial changes to the group’s businesses, the materiality of esg issues this year remains the same as last year.
the materiality matrix below summarizes the group’s material esg issues included in the esg report: materiality matrix this image depicts a matrix showing the level of influence on stakeholders' assessments and decisions versus the level of significance on sustainable development of the group, with various esg issues categorized.
the group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management policies and internal control systems to address the material esg issues, and to ensure that the disclosed contents are in compliance with the requirements of the esg reporting guide.
a. environmental the group is committed to mitigating its environmental impacts and incorporating sustainability into its business strategy.
to enhance decarbonisation and address stakeholders' concerns, the group has set environmental targets in regard to greenhouse gas emissions, waste management, energy consumption, and water use.
the group regularly reviews the progress towards these targets and the effectiveness of its environmental protection measures.
further details are set out in the below sections under aspects a1 and a2.
a1.
emissions the group recognises the importance of operating its business in a sustainable manner.
the group continuously improves existing policies and incorporates new policies to mitigate potential direct and indirect negative environmental impacts arising from the group's business operations.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations, including but not limited to the air pollution control ordinance, waste disposal ordinance, and water pollution control ordinance of hong kong.
air emissions the three vessels owned by the group were virtually leased out throughout fy2022.
the fuels used by the vessels were not under the group's direct control, but the charterers complied with relevant environmental rules and regulations.
the group considers that the air emissions directly produced by the group during fy2022 were immaterial.
greenhouse gas emissions the principal greenhouse gas emissions were from purchased electricity scope 2 and office paper disposal scope 3 . during fy2021, the group set a target to reduce total greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 10% by the year ended 31 december 2026 "fy2026" , using fy2021 as the baseline year.
the group adopted measures to reduce direct greenhouse gas emissions, indirect greenhouse gas emissions, and other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
scope 1 - direct greenhouse gas emissions during fy2022, the group's operations did not produce any direct greenhouse gas emissions because the three vessels were virtually leased out and the group did not own any vehicles.
scope 2 - indirect greenhouse gas emissions electricity consumption accounted for the indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
the group implemented measures to reduce energy consumption; these measures are detailed in the "energy efficiency" section under aspect a2 below.
37 environmental, social and governance report scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions paper waste disposal by employees accounted for the other indirect greenhouse gas emissions.
measures implemented to reduce paper waste disposal are set out in the section headed "waste management" under aspect a1 below.
during fy2022, the group's total greenhouse gas emissions intensity increased by 19.23% from approximately 0.26 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.31 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee in fy2022.
this was mainly due to an increase in business activities.
the group is in the process of achieving the aforementioned target and will continue to promote measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the future.
summary of greenhouse gas emission performance: indicator¹: scope 2 – indirect greenhouse gas emissions indicator¹: purchased electricity, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2022: 4.27, fy2021: 3.59 indicator¹: scope 3 – other indirect greenhouse gas emissions indicator¹: paper waste disposed at landfills, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2022: 0.72, fy2021: 0.51 indicator¹: total greenhouse gas emissions, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent, fy2022: 4.99, fy2021: 4.10 indicator¹: total greenhouse gas emissions intensity³, unit²: tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent/employee, fy2022: 0.31, fy2021: 0.26 table end.
notes: 1. greenhouse gas emissions data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and is based on, but not limited to, "the greenhouse gas protocol: a corporate accounting and reporting standard” issued by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development, "how to prepare an esg report – appendix 2: reporting guidance on environmental kpis" issued by the hong kong stock exchange, the “global warming potential values" from the fifth assessment report ar5 of the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc 2014 and the sustainability report 2022 published by hk electric.
2. tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent is defined as metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent.
3. as at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 2021: 16 employees including directors of the company.
this data is also used for calculating other intensity data in this esg report.
waste management hazardous waste management owing to the group's business nature, no material hazardous waste was produced by the group during fy2022.
non-hazardous waste management most of the non-hazardous waste produced by the group was office paper.
although its operations do not generate a significant amount of non-hazardous waste, the group endeavors to further reduce the waste produced by implementing “green office” initiatives.
during fy2021, the group set a target to provide waste separation bins for collecting recyclables, including paper, plastic, and glass in the group's office from fy2022 onwards.
furthermore, the group will continue to implement waste reduction measures, such as those listed below, with the goal of reducing waste from the sources.
the green measures include but are not limited to the following: print electronic correspondences only when necessary; reuse single-sided office paper; encourage double-sided printing or photocopying; procure paper bearing the forest stewardship council recycled label; and recycle outdated office supplies and electronic equipment after their life cycles.
during fy2022, the group's total non-hazardous waste intensity increased by about 28.57% from approximately 0.007 metric ton per employee in fy2021 to approximately 0.009 metric ton per employee in fy2022.
this was mainly due to an increase in business activities.
the group has provided waste separation bins for collecting recyclables during fy2022 in order to achieve the aforementioned target.
the group will continue to promote measures to reduce paper consumption and provide waste separation bins for recyclables in the future.
table: summary of non-hazardous waste discharge performance category: office paper, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste, unit: metric ton, fy2022: 0.151, fy2021: 0.107 category: total non-hazardous waste intensity, unit: metric ton/employee, fy2022: 0.009, fy2021: 0.007 table end.
sewage discharges into water and land owing to the group's business nature, the group's business activities do not consume a significant volume of water during its daily operations, and thus it does not generate a material portion of sewage.
as wastewater from the group will be discharged into a sewage pipe network connected to a regional water purification plant, the water consumed by the group is considered sewage discharged.
further details of water consumption are set out in the section headed “water consumption” under aspect a2 below.
environmental, social and governance report a2.
use of resources the group upholds and promotes effective use of resources and is committed to optimising their use across business operations.
the group keeps track of the esg-related kpis through its internal monitoring programme on procurement and use of resources and established relevant policies and procedures in resource management.
energy efficiency during fy2022, the energy consumed by the group was mainly electricity used for daily operations.
as all of the group's vessels were leased out virtually throughout fy2022, the group had no direct energy consumption.
nevertheless, to promote energy conservation and enhance energy efficiency in business operations, the group set a target in fy2021 to change all office lighting to led bulbs by fy2026.
the group also adopts the following energy-saving measures: post eye-catching stickers on energy conservation as a reminder to employees; switch off unnecessary lighting and electrical appliances when not in use; purchase energy-efficient equipment to replace retired equipment; set all computer screens and printers to standby mode after a certain period; and participate in energy-saving campaigns, including the earth hour lights-out campaign.
the group will investigate anomalies in electricity consumption to identify the root causes and carry out the corresponding preventative measures.
during fy2022, the group's total energy consumption intensity increased by approximately 24.06% from approximately 316.38 kilowatt-hours per employee in fy2021 to approximately 392.50 kilowatt-hours per employee in fy2022.
this was mainly due to an increase in business activities.
the group is currently making progress in achieving the aforementioned target, and will continue to enhance its energy conservation measures in order to reduce energy consumption.
table: summary of energy consumption performance type of energy: indirect energy consumption, unit: kilowatt-hours, fy2022: 6,280.00, fy2021: 5,062.00 type of energy: total energy consumption, unit: kilowatt-hours, fy2022: 6,280.00, fy2021: 5,062.00 type of energy: total energy consumption intensity, unit: kilowatt-hours/employee, fy2022: 392.50, fy2021: 316.38 table end.
environmental, social and governance report water consumption owing to the group's business nature, the usage of water is confined to water used by employees in the office.
water consumption data was not available since water usage was covered in the office building management fees.
the target for water efficiency is also not presented, as water consumption data is not available.
although the water consumption of the group is insignificant, the group is dedicated to promoting the importance of water conservation to its employees.
apart from posting eye-catching stickers to promote water conservation, the group also regularly inspects water taps to prevent leakage and encourages employees to cherish water usage, such as by reducing unnecessary water consumption in washrooms and pantry.
the group did not encounter any problems in sourcing water that was fit for its purpose and was not aware of any abnormal water usage during fy2022.
use of packaging material owing to the group's business nature, the use of packaging material is not considered a material esg aspect of the group.
a3.
the environment and natural resources although the core business of the group has a remote impact on the environment and natural resources, the group realises its responsibility to minimise any negative environmental impacts from its business operations as an ongoing commitment to good corporate social responsibility.
the group regularly assesses the environmental risks of its businesses, adopts relevant policies and preventive measures to reduce the risks and ensures compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.
during fy2022, the group had placed "green" deposits with banks as part of the pools of funds designated for financing green projects.
indoor air quality to ensure that the group's work environment is pleasant, the indoor air quality in its workplace is regularly monitored.
during fy2022, the indoor air quality of the group's office was satisfactory.
to improve indoor air quality, air purifying equipment is used in the office when considered appropriate and the air conditioning system is cleaned periodically.
these measures maintained the indoor air quality at a satisfactory level by filtering out pollutants, contaminants and dust particles.
the group believes that running an environmentally sustainable business model could greatly lower operational risk and in turn generate a more stable return to the group and its shareholders.
the group is endeavoured to achieve this goal in the long term.
a4.
climate change mitigation and adaptation the group recognises the importance of identifying significant climate-related issues and mitigating of the related risks and is thus committed to managing the potential climate-related risks that may impact the group's business activities.
the group has an established risk management policy to govern the identification and mitigation of different risks, including climate-related risks.
during fy2022, the group conducted a climate change assessment to identify and mitigate the potential risks that may arise from its business operations.
these risks mainly stem from the following dimensions: there are no footnotes or additional notes provided in the image.
environmental, social and governance report physical risks the increase in frequency and severity of extreme weather events such as typhoons, storms, and heavy rains can disrupt the group's operations by causing floods, damaging the power grid and communication infrastructures, and hindering and injuring its employees and seafarers hired through crew agencies when they are at work or in commute.
these could result in temporary, permanent, or partial halts of the group's business operations, which exposes the group to risks associated with non-performance and delayed performance.
besides, extreme weather conditions may cause damage to the group's vessels, resulting in substantial maintenance, repair, or replacement costs.
other risks posed by extreme weather conditions such as the risk of detention, sinking, collision, and other marine disasters could also significantly hinder the operations of the group's marine transportation business.
any damage to the vessels may cause environmental pollution, including but not limited to fuel leakage and disposal of vessel debris.
in certain circumstances, severe weather conditions could cause loss or damage to cargo and property, which would affect the group's financial performance and require significant resources for remedies if any accidents occurred.
to better manage the aforementioned physical risks, the group has evaluated the possible extreme weather events that could influence the group's business operations and has included the relevant risks in the group's risk management system.
moreover, the group has formulated a crisis response plan to reduce the negative impacts brought by extreme weather events.
when extreme weather events occur or are expected to occur, senior management will respond as planned and communicate with employees about the work arrangement in a timely manner to ensure employee safety and operation continuity.
the group will also, from time to time, review its response plan, which sets out appropriate solutions for employees to follow, so the employees will know how to respond if any of the essential work arrangements become unavailable due to extreme weather events.
transition risks policy and legal risks the group anticipates that there will be more stringent climate legislation and regulations to support the global vision of carbon neutrality.
from a listed company's perspective, the group acknowledges the increasing requirements for climate-related information disclosures.
in addition, climate change may lead to higher emissions standards and regulations on vessels.
failure to meet the compliance requirements for climate change may harm the group's corporate reputation and expose it to higher risks of claims and lawsuits.
the group expects the related capital investment and compliance costs to increase accordingly.
in response to policy and legal risks, as well as reputation risks, the group regularly monitors existing and emerging trends, policies, and regulations relevant to climate change, and ensures the senior management is aware of any changes in policies or legislation in order to avoid unnecessary costs or non-compliance fines, and to reduce reputation risks resulting from delayed responses.
the group has also included the above-mentioned transition risks in its risk management system, which will be reviewed regularly.
42 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 b. social b1.
employment practices human resources are the foundation of the group.
the group recognises that sustainable growth relies on good recruitment and retention practices.
as at 31 december 2022, the group had 16 31 december 2021: 16 full-time employees in total.
seafarers and other crew ashore and aboard are employed and managed by the crew agency and are therefore not included in the group's workforce.
the distribution of employees by gender, age group, geographical region, and employee category is as follows: i total workforce by gender table: workforce by gender 2021-2022 year: 2022, male: 8, female: 8 year: 2021, male: 8, female: 8 table end.
ii total workforce by age group table: workforce by age group 2021-2022 year: 2022, under 30 years old: 1, 30-50 years old: 6, over 50 years old: 9 year: 2021, under 30 years old: 2, 30-50 years old: 5, over 50 years old: 9 table end.
. courage investment group limited annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report iii total workforce by geographical region 2022: hong kong: 1 singapore: 15 2021: hong kong: 1 singapore: 15 iv total workforce by employee category 2022: senior management: 6 management: 1 other employees: 9 2021: senior management: 5 other employees: 11 during fy2022, the total number of employees leaving employment was 2 fy2021: 1 , and the total employee turnover rate 4 was approximately 12.50% fy2021: 6.25% . the overall employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region are as follows: table: employee turnover rate by gender, age, and region category: by gender category: male, fy2022: 12.50%, fy2021: 12.50% category: female, fy2022: 12.50%, fy2021: 12.50% category: by age group category: under 30 years old, fy2022: 16.67%, fy2021: 20.00% category: 30 – 50 years old, fy2022: 11.11%, fy2021: – category: above 50 years old, fy2022: –, fy2021: – category: by geographical region category: hong kong, fy2022: 13.33%, fy2021: 6.67% category: singapore, fy2022: –, fy2021: – table end.
4 footnote 4 content would go here if available in the image.
environmental, social and governance report notes: 4. the total employee turnover rate is calculated by dividing the number of employees leaving employment during the reporting period by the number of employees at the end of the reporting period.
5. the turnover rate by category is calculated by dividing the number of employees in the specified category leaving employment during the reporting period by the number of employees in the specified category at the end of the reporting period.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with employment-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the employment ordinance, sex discrimination ordinance, and employees' compensation ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
relevant employment policies relevant employment policies are formally documented in the employee handbook, code of conduct and ethics, and management for crew employment/manning.
the policies cover topics such as recruitment and remuneration, compensations, working hours of training per employee and rest periods, diversity and equal opportunity, etc. the group periodically reviews its current employment practices and policies to ensure continuous improvement of its employment standards and competitiveness against companies in similar industries.
recruitment, promotion and remuneration talent acquisition is vital to the sustainable development of the group's businesses.
employees are recruited via a robust, transparent, and non-discriminatory recruitment process based on their merits and their potential to fulfill the group's current and future needs.
remuneration and promotion are based on job-related skills, qualifications and performance.
the group conducts annual performance and salary reviews to determine salary adjustments and/or promotion opportunities.
the group also ensures that all hired seafarers operating on its vessels possess the necessary credentials required by the international safety management “ism” code.
working hours and rest periods to facilitate employees' work-life balance, the group has formulated policies for determining working hours of training per employee and rest periods for employees, following local employment laws.
the group adopts a five-day workweek, and its employees are entitled to basic leaves such as sick leave, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.
compensation and dismissal all employees are covered under the employees' compensation ordinance of the laws of hong kong upon joining the group.
the statute protects employees who are injured in the course of their employment due to an accident.
unreasonable dismissal under any circumstances is strictly prohibited, while dismissal would be based on reasonable and lawful grounds supported by internal policies of the group.
environmental, social and governance report equal opportunity, diversity and anti-discrimination the group's sustainable growth is dependent on the diversity of its talents, and it is thus committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and collaborative workplace culture.
furthermore, the group is committed to providing equal opportunities in all aspects of employment and protecting its employees from discrimination, physical or verbal harassment, and other forms of harassment based on gender, age, religion, disability, ethnicity, political stance, marital status and other factors.
the group also strives to ensure that complaints, afflictions and concerns, including whistleblowing, are dealt with promptly and confidentially.
the group has zero tolerance for sexual harassment or abuse in the workplace in any form.
other benefits and welfare the group understands that good benefits and welfare encourage staff retention and foster a sense of belonging, as such, the group seeks to provide additional remuneration and benefits to employees where possible.
remuneration packages for employees usually include discretionary bonuses, annual leave, vaccination leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave and bereavement leave.
except for the aforementioned entitlement to various leaves, employees are also entitled to benefits such as medical insurance and other clinical benefits.
other allowances are also available to employees, such as travel allowances and education subsidies.
b2.
health and safety occupational health and safety management during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with health and safety-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the occupational safety and health ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
there were no reported cases of work-related fatalities or lost days due to work injury during fy2022 fy2021: nil . in the past three years, the group had no cases of work-related fatalities.
providing employees with a safe and healthy work environment is of utmost importance to the group.
therefore, the group has set out comprehensive policies to safeguard the interests and well-being of all employees.
health and safety measures that are applicable to an office-based business operation are limited.
nevertheless, the group is committed to safeguarding the well-being of all employees.
in the office, fire extinguishers are appropriately placed, fire exits are free from obstructions, and first aid boxes can be found around the premises.
relevant safety policies are reviewed annually, or soon after an incident arises, to ensure their relevancy.
for the marine transportation operation, the group has established a sound safety management system with a comprehensive safety management manual and shipboard emergency plan to assist its crews and ashore staff in dealing with unexpected incidents and the subsequent approach to minimise damages, losses, or hazardous outputs.
the group understands that the potential impact of an incident on the marine transportation operation would be greater than that on an office-based operation.
therefore, the group convenes a safety management system review meeting at least once every year to review the effectiveness of the safety management system, and reviews whether the latest ism code has been properly dealt with.
relevant training sessions will be provided to staff where necessary.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images to replace with placeholders.
environmental, social and governance report response to covid and the variant viruses in response to the covid pandemic, the group has taken measures to enhance health and safety precautions in the office to ensure the well-being of the employees, and the group’s internal safety and business continuity.
in addition to increasing the frequency of cleaning and disinfection in the office areas, staff is recommended to wear surgical masks in the office, take temperature checks before entering the group’s premises, and uphold good personal hygiene practices.
the group has also issued a detailed guideline to advise employees on responsive actions when there are infections among its employees and their family members.
development and training training and continuous development are essential for the group’s employees to keep up with the industry’s ever-changing trends.
as such, the group takes a proactive approach to providing employees with opportunities to advance their careers by encouraging them to apply for internal and external training courses to refresh prior knowledge and acquire new knowledge.
the group has adopted relevant policies and measures to standardise the management of employees’ training.
regular training and drills are carried out to familiarise employees and vessel crews with the group’s policies and any newly updated guidelines.
trainings range from proper shipboard operation, to correct emergency procedures for awareness of marine pollution prevention.
the group believes that proper training lowers the risk of avoidable incidents and ensures compliance with the provisions set out by the international maritime organisation.
the content of internal training sessions is regularly updated to reflect industry standards and the group’s business nature in order to provide maximum benefits to employees.
during fy2022, 75.00% fy2021: 75.00% of the group’s employees have received training, with an average of 36.56 training hours of training per employee fy2021: 24.75 hours of training per employee per employee.
the percentage of trained employees, breakdown of trained employees, and average number of training hours of training per employee per employee, by gender and employee category, are as follows: table: training data by gender and employee category fy2021-fy2022 category: by gender , gender: male, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 100.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 87.50, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 66.67, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 58.33, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 59.38, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 33.00 gender: female, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 50.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 62.50, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 33.33, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 41.67, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 13.75, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 16.50 category: by employee category , gender: senior management, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 100.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 100.00, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 75.00, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 91.67, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 58.89, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 34.18 gender: management, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 100.00, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : -, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 8.33, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : -, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 25.00, average training hours per employee fy2021 : - gender: other employees, percentage of trained employees fy2022 : 33.33, percentage of trained employees fy2021 : 20.00, breakdown of trained employees fy2022 : 16.67, breakdown of trained employees fy2021 : 8.33, average training hours per employee fy2022 : 5.00, average training hours per employee fy2021 : 4.00 table end.
footnote 8 and 10 are not provided in the image courage investment group limited annual report 2022 47 environmental, social and governance report b4.
labour standards prevention of child and forced labour child and forced labour are strictly prohibited as defined by laws and regulations.
the group does not employ children before they reach the legal age to work as defined by the relevant laws and regulations.
the group guarantees that no employee will be forced or persuaded to work in the group against their will, experience any form of threatening or abusive behaviour, or be subjected to any type of coercion or punishment in the workplace.
personal data is collected during the recruitment process detailed in the group’s new employee recruitment procedures to assist in the selection of suitable candidates and the verification of the candidates’ personal data.
the human resources department will ensure that the identity documents are carefully checked and that the selected candidate has reached the legal age to work.
if any employees suspect a violation is involved, they should report it to their supervisors or the group’s human resources department.
once the group discovers any case that fails to conform to the relevant labour laws, regulations, or standards, the relevant employment contract will be immediately terminated.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with child and forced labour-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the employment ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
notes: 6. this percentage is calculated by dividing the total number of trained employees during the reporting period by the total number of employees at the end of the reporting period.
7. the average training hours of training per employee per employee is calculated by dividing the total number of training hours of training per employee during the reporting period by the total number of employees at the end of the reporting period.
8. the percentage of trained employees by category is calculated by dividing the number of trained employees in the specified category during the reporting period by the number of employees in the specified category at the end of the reporting period.
9. the breakdown of trained employees by category is calculated by dividing the number of trained employees in the specified category during the reporting period by the total number of trained employees at the end of the reporting period.
10. the average training hours of training per employee by category is calculated by dividing the number of training hours of training per employee for employees in the specified category during the reporting period by the number of employees in the specified category at the end of the reporting period.
environmental, social and governance report b5.
supply chain management the group selects suppliers based on their technical proposals, prevailing market prices, delivery times and reputations.
to prevent jeopardising its own service provision, the group strives to avoid over-reliance on a single supplier.
an annual performance evaluation is performed to assess the suppliers' quality of products and services.
contracts with suppliers or subcontractors may be deactivated or terminated if the expectations of the group are not met.
any discrimination against certain vendors without reasonable grounds and any types of business bribery are strictly prohibited.
in addition, the group's ship supply procedures are in place to ensure quality and safety when purchasing ship supplies.
the group follows the rules and regulations set down by the international maritime organisation and the ship classification societies to manage the environmental and social risks in relation to its marine transportation operation.
in addition, the group undertakes onsite inspections regularly to monitor the suppliers' or subcontractors' business procedures to reduce its social and environmental risks along the supply chain.
any non-compliance with the relevant environmental and social rules and regulations discovered during the onsite inspection of a supplier or subcontractor will be promptly reported to the group's management.
a corrective action plan will be carried out by management to remediate the identified risk in a timely manner.
the group encourages its business partners and suppliers to consider the risks posed to their operations from climate change and to mitigate the related environmental impacts on them during supplier management meetings and events.
suppliers with the iso 14001: environmental management system ems certificate will be prioritised in the group's supplier engagement process.
fair and open tendering the group has developed a tendering procedure to engage suppliers in a fair and competitive manner, under which senior management is responsible for all the decision making during the tendering process.
the group strictly prohibits differentiation or discrimination against certain suppliers, and it monitors and prevents all kinds of business bribery in a serious manner.
employees or personnel having any direct or indirect interests associated with the suppliers would not be involved in any business negotiation process with the suppliers.
apart from requiring its suppliers and subcontractors to comply with local regulations, the group is also aware of the importance of enhancing their environmental and safety performance.
the management team also regularly inspects the product quality and the environmental, health and safety conditions of its suppliers.
during the selection process, to promote improvements in environmental performance, suppliers, subcontractors and vendors are encouraged to consider and manage their environmental and social issues in their operations for priority consideration.
the group maintains close communication with suppliers, understands their supply and services, resolves the related supply and service issues, and makes corresponding improvement measures.
the group also shares sustainable operating practices and disseminates environmental concepts, including the latest knowledge on quality, safety, and good employment and environmental practices.
annual report 2022 environmental, social and governance report during fy2022, the group had 6 fy2021: 6 major suppliers, and 2 fy2021: 3 were covered by the supplier engagement practices mentioned below.
the distribution of major suppliers by geographical region is as follows: table: number of major suppliers by geographical region geographical region: hong kong, fy2022: 2, fy2021: 2 geographical region: prc, fy2022: 2, fy2021: 2 geographical region: singapore, fy2022: 2, fy2021: 2 table end.
b6.
product responsibility the group's mission is to provide the best products and services to its customers.
therefore, the group has systems and controls in place to monitor the status and progress of all its business activities carried out by different levels of staff to ensure high-quality products and services are delivered to its customers.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations related to privacy issues or compensation regarding health and safety, advertisement, and labeling for products and services that would have a significant impact on the group.
this includes, but is not limited to, the personal data privacy ordinance, the trade descriptions ordinance, and the food safety ordinance of hong kong laws and the food and drugs composition and labelling amendment no.
2 regulation 2014. product and service quality assurance the group understands the necessity of further safeguarding health and safety matters in its marine transportation business.
in addition to strict compliance with the ism code, the group has established policies stipulating each officer's responsibilities on board its vessels.
the group has a well-established shipboard emergency alert mechanism, including a safety committee and an emergency response team to investigate and handle shipboard hazardous occurrences or emergencies.
in case of damage, breakdown, malfunction, or defects in vessels' hulls, equipment, and machinery, the group has established the ship management procedure and the deficiency management procedure to determine appropriate corrective and preventative actions.
during fy2022, no products were sold or shipped that required recall for safety and health reasons.
data privacy protection the group respects the value of its customers' information and protects their rights to data privacy by strictly enforcing information security management systems standards.
the group's code of conduct and ethics includes provisions regarding data privacy.
employees are trained to respect the confidentiality of customers' information, and any leakage of confidential information to third parties is strictly prohibited.
the group also implemented firewall, anti-virus, and anti-spam measures for its information technology systems to safeguard customer confidential information, and these measures are routinely upgraded.
environmental, social and governance report customer service quality the group welcomes feedback from customers, as it is the key to enhancing the group's services.
the group has set up procedures for handling feedbacks or complaints; any feedback or complaint will be recorded in detail, and appropriate follow-up actions will be taken.
should a feedback or complaint bears significant weight in the improvement of the group's services, the feedback or complaint will be considered a case study to prevent future recurrence.
during fy2022, the group did not receive any product- or service-related complaints.
advertising and labelling owing to the group's business nature, it has an insignificant amount of business dealing with advertising and labelling matters.
protection of intellectual property “ip” rights ip rights are not considered a material esg aspect of the group owing to its business nature.
nevertheless, the group has established relevant guidelines to govern it management within the group.
in addition, the it department is responsible for obtaining proper licences for the software, hardware and information used in the group's daily business operations.
duplication or downloading of information, software and images from the internet must be approved by the relevant department head.
furthermore, the group closely monitors the infringement actions in the market and prevents the emergence of any infringement behaviour among the employees.
the group regularly monitors its employees to ensure that ip rights are not being infringed upon.
b7.
anti-corruption and whistleblowing anti-corruption solid corporate governance and risk management are essential to the group's long-term development and sustainable growth.
the group endeavours to continuously improve its corporate rules and regulations and ensure strict compliance with local laws and regulations.
the group values and upholds integrity, honesty and fairness in how the group conducts business.
the group emphatically asserts its zero-tolerance stance regarding any behaviours that not only violate local laws and regulations but also severely damage the group's reputation.
during fy2022, the group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations of bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering that would have a significant impact on the group, including but not limited to the prevention of bribery ordinance of the laws of hong kong.
there were also no legal cases regarding corruption practices brought against the group or its employees.
the group affirms its zero-tolerance policy regarding corruption, fraud and all other behaviours that severely violate professionalism and work ethics.
the code of conduct and ethics and the conflict of interest and transactions with interested persons policy have been formulated by the group to prevent misconduct and promote ethical and honest business behaviour.
moreover, board members and all staff are required to declare their interests, gifts or hospitality received in connection with their role within the group.
51 environmental, social and governance report to ensure that all employees can perform their duties with high ethical standards and professionalism, the group has arranged internal and external anti-corruption and corporate governance training and encouraged employees to actively learn about the latest developments and future trends in global anti-money laundering.
during fy2022, the group's directors and employees had received a total of 9 hours of training per employee fy2021: 10 hours of training per employee and 11 hours of training per employee fy2021: 8 hours of training per employee of anti-corruption training, respectively.
whistleblowing mechanism the group has established the whistleblowing policy, which sets out the reporting and investigative procedures to facilitate the reporting of any fraudulent activities.
the group intends to protect the whistle-blower from common concerns such as confidentiality, reprisal and potential retaliation.
a corporate email address has been set up for access by the chairman of the audit committee and all independent non-executive directors for whistleblowing purposes.
for any report received, the audit committee will consult with the chairman of the board and independent non-executive directors about any preventive measures to be put in place to prevent future breaches of a similar nature from taking place.
the audit committee will coordinate with the relevant department s to implement such preventive measures and regularly review the efficacy of the said measures.
the group provides assurance to the whistle-blower reporting in good faith against unfair dismissal or victimisation, even if the reports are subsequently proved to be unsubstantiated.
community investment & community participation the group realizes the importance of giving back to society and is committed to supporting the community by various means of social participation and contribution as part of its strategic development.
as a responsible corporation, the group has established relevant guidelines on community investment to encourage its employees to engage in community services and voluntary activities.
since the group's core business of marine transportation will result in unavoidable carbon emissions and other environmental footprint when its vessels are chartered for use, the group has identified environmental concerns as its focus area of contribution for community investment, particularly in the area of marine conservation.
during fy2022, the group devoted significant resources to maintaining its business operations amidst the pandemic, including various supports for its staff and vessel crews, and suspended all philanthropic activities.
the group will focus more on social participation and community investment when the pandemic eases.
52 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 independent auditor's report to the shareholders of courage investment group limited incorporated in bermuda with limited liability opinion we have audited the consolidated financial statements of courage investment group limited the “company” and its subsidiaries collectively referred to as the “group” set out on pages 58 to 115, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 december 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the group as at 31 december 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with international financial reporting standards “ifrss” issued by international accounting standards board “iasb” and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the hong kong companies ordinance.
basis for opinion we conducted our audit in accordance with international standards on auditing “isas” . our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report.
we are independent of the group in accordance with the international ethics standards board for accountants’ code of ethics for professional accountants the “code” , and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the code.
we believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
key audit matters key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period.
these matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
inspire hk 躍動香港 independent auditor's report key audit matters continued key audit matter impairment assessment of vessels how our audit addressed the key audit matter we identified the impairment assessment of vessels as a key audit matter due to the significance of the balance and management’s judgement required in the assessment.
the carrying value of vessels was united states dollar40,167,000 as at 31 december 2022. as disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the management determines the recoverable amount of the vessels based on the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal and compares such recoverable amount to the carrying amount to determine if any impairment loss or reversal of impairment loss should be recognised.
at 31 december 2022, the recoverable amount of the vessels was determined based on the valuation carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer using market approach based on the direct comparison method by making reference to the recent sale transactions of similar vessels with similar age and condition.
an impairment loss of united states dollar797,000 was recognised as set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
assessing the methodologies used by the management for the impairment assessment; obtaining the valuation reports from the independent qualified professional valuer on the vessels to evaluate the relevance of key data inputs underpinning the valuation, including the recent transactions of vessels of similar age and condition from open sources; checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy and relevance of the input data used in the value in use calculation by the management; and assessing the reasonableness of the management’s key assumptions used in the value in use calculation based on available market data of the vessel chartering industry.
54 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 independent auditor's report other information the directors of the company are responsible for the other information.
the other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.
our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
in connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
if, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
we have nothing to report in this regard.
responsibilities of directors and those charged with governance for the consolidated financial statements the directors of the company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with ifrss issued by iasb and the disclosure requirements of the hong kong companies ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
in preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the group's financial reporting process.
auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the bermuda companies act, and for no other purpose.
we do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with isas will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
independent auditor's report auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements as part of an audit in accordance with isas, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
we also: identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the group's internal control.
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the group's ability to continue as a going concern.
if we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report.
however, future events or conditions may cause the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
we are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
we remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
we communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
page 56 of courage investment group limited annual report 2022 independent auditor's report auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements continued we also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
from the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
we describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
the engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is lam shu lung.
deloitte touche tohmatsu certified public accountants hong kong 24 march 2023 . courage investment group limited annual report 2022 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 december 2022 revenue item: marine transportation income, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 12,079, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,976 item: interest income, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 293, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 581 item: property rental income, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 181 item: total revenue , notes: 5, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 12,372, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,738 item: direct expenses, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,000 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,925 item: other income, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 661, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 82 item: other gains and losses, net, notes: 7, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 272 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 594 item: administrative expenses, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,335 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,523 item: impairment loss recognised reversed on vessels, notes: 15, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 797 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 13,430 item: allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net, notes: 19, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,402 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,360 item: share of result of a joint venture, notes: 8, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 758 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 87 item: finance costs, notes: 9, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 346 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 447 item: profit before tax , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,488 item: income tax expense, notes: 10, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: profit for the year attributable to owners of the company , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,488 table end.
other comprehensive expense income items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: exchange difference arising on translation of financial statements of the foreign operation of a joint venture net decrease in fair value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net item: exchange difference arising on translation, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 394 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 136 item: net decrease in fair value of debt instruments, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,439 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,862 item: reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,402, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,360 item: other comprehensive expense income for the year, net of income tax , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,437 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,634 item: total comprehensive expense income for the year attributable to owners of the company , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 314 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 12,122 item: basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the company us cent , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 0.10, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 0.96 table end.
page 58, courage investment group limited annual report 2022 consolidated statement of financial position at 31 december 2022 non-current assets item: property, plant and equipment, notes: 15, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 42,760, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 42,345 item: deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, notes: 16, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 11, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 195 item: right-of-use asset, notes: 17, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : –, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 135 item: investment property, notes: 18, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : –, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,756 item: interest in a joint venture, notes: 19, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,015, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,167 item: debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, notes: 19, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,392, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,731 item: total non-current assets , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 48,178 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 59,329 table end.
current assets item: other receivables and prepayments, notes: 20, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,525, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 999 item: amount due from a joint venture, notes: 21, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 669, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 669 item: debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, notes: 19, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 264, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,814 item: bank deposits, notes: 22, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 13,618, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : – item: cash and cash equivalents, notes: 22, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,201, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,640 item: total current assets , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 18,277 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 13,122 table end.
current liabilities item: deposits received, other payables and accruals, notes: 23, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,591, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 311 item: contract liabilities, notes: 24, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 101, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 15 item: borrowings – due within one year, notes: 25, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,122, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,908 item: lease liabilities, notes: 26, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 12, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 140 item: total current liabilities , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,826 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,374 table end.
net current assets : total assets less current liabilities , 14,451 : 62,629 , 7,748 : 67,077 table end.
notes: this table presents the consolidated statement of financial position for courage investment group limited as of december 31, 2022 and 2021. usthousands of singapore dollars represents values in thousands of us dollars.
a complete breakdown of notes is not provided in the image.
consolidated statement of financial position at 31 december 2022 capital and reserves share capital reserves total equity non-current liabilities borrowings – due more than one year deposit received lease liabilities total liabilities and equity table: consolidated statement of financial position usthousands of singapore dollars item: share capital, notes: 27, 2022: 1,098, 2021: 1,098 item: reserves, 2022: 60,040, 2021: 60,354 item: total equity , 2022: 61,138 , 2021: 61,452 item: borrowings – due more than one year, notes: 25, 2022: 756, 2021: 4,878 item: deposit received, notes: 23, 2022: 735, 2021: 735 item: lease liabilities, notes: 26, 2022: –, 2021: 12 item: total liabilities and equity , 2022: 66,455 , 2021: 72,451 table end.
the consolidated financial statements on pages 58 to 115 have been approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 24 march 2023 and are signed on its behalf by: sue ka lok director wang yu director consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 december 2022 table: consolidated statement of changes in equity : at 1 january 2021, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: 549, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: 41,029, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 382 , other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 10,362, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 251, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: 2,269 , total usthousands of singapore dollars: 49,540 : profit for the year, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: 10,488, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 10,488 : exchange difference arising on translation of financial statements of the foreign operation of a joint venture, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 136, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 136 : net decrease in fair value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 3,862 , other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 3,862 : allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: - : total comprehensive income for the year, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 5,360, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: 10,488, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 12,122 : issue of shares under the open offer note 27 , share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: 549, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: 8,599, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 8,831 , exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 317 : transaction costs attributable to issue of shares note 27 , share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: 527 , contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 527 : at 31 december 2021, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,098, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars: 8,072, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars: 41,029, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,116, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,531, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars: 387, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars: 8,219, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 61,452 table end.
consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 december 2022 table: consolidated statement of changes in equity item: profit for the year, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars : -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123 item: exchange difference arising on translation of financial statements, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars : -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: net decrease in fair value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars : -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,439 , other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,439 item: reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars : -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars : 6 , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 6 item: allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net, share capital usthousands of singapore dollars : -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,402, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,402 item: total comprehensive expense income for the year , share capital usthousands of singapore dollars : -, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,043 , other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 314 item: at 31 december 2022 , share capital usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,098, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,072, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : 41,029, investment revaluation reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 73, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,531, exchange reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 7 , accumulated losses retained profits usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,342, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 61,138 table end.
note: at 31 december 2022 and 2021, other reserve of united states dollar1,531,000 represented the excess of the fair value of a property interest transferred to a joint venture of the group attributable to the group over the carrying amount of a deferred consideration receivable, which was settled by an independent third party in the prior year.
//page number and company logo.
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 december 2022 operating activities profit before tax 1,123 10,488 adjustments for: interest income 346 447 interest expenses 535 588 loss on disposal of an investment property 183 539 decrease in fair value of an investment property - - depreciation of property, plant and equipment 2,168 1,371 depreciation of right-of-use asset 124 125 impairment loss recognised reversed on vessels 797 13,430 reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments 6 - at fair value through other comprehensive income 1,402 5,360 allowance for credit losses on debt instruments - - at fair value through other comprehensive income, net 758 58 net decrease in fair value of financial assets - 87 share of result of a joint venture - - operating cash flows before movements in working capital 6,360 4,283 decrease in trade receivables 94 increase in other receivables and prepayments 416 162 increase decrease in deposits received, other payables and accruals 1,287 127 increase decrease in contract liabilities 86 26 net cash from operations 7,317 4,062 interest income received 425 638 interest expenses paid 351 450 net cash from operating activities 7,391 4,250 consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 december 2022 investing activities item: purchase of property, plant and equipment, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,185 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6 item: deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: net proceeds from disposal of an investment property, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,573, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 195 item: proceeds from redemption of debt instruments, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: placement of bank deposits, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 32,162 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: withdrawal of bank deposits, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 18,544, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: net cash used in investing activities , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,780 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 201 table end.
financing activities item: subscription monies received from the open offer note 27 , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 317 item: transaction costs attributable to issue of shares note 27 , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 527 item: repayment of borrowings, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,908 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,089 item: repayment of lease liabilities, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 142 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 142 item: net cash used in financing activities , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,050 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,441 table end.
item: net decrease in cash and cash equivalents , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,439 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,392 item: cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,640, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,032 item: cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,201 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,640 table end.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 1. general information the company registration no.
36692 was incorporated in bermuda on 5 april 2005 as an exempted company with limited liability under the companies act 1981 of bermuda.
its registered office is at clarendon house, 2 church street, hamilton hm 11, bermuda and its principal place of business is at room 1501, 15th floor, great eagle centre, 23 harbour road, wanchai, hong kong.
the company is primarily listed on the main board of the hong kong stock exchange and secondarily listed on the main board of sgx-st.
the consolidated financial statements are presented in united states dollars, which is the functional currency of the company, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand usthousands of singapore dollars where appropriate or as indicated.
the company acts as an investment holding company.
the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries and a joint venture are set out in notes 37 and 18 respectively.
2. application of amendments to international financial reporting standards “ifrss” amendments to ifrss that are mandatorily effective for the current year in the current year, the group has applied the following amendments to ifrss issued by international accounting standards board “iasb” for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on 1 january 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements: amendments to ifrs 3: reference to the conceptual framework amendment to ifrs 16: covid-19 – related rent concessions beyond 30 june 2021 amendments to ias 16: property, plant and equipment: proceeds before intended use amendments to ias 37: onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract amendments to ifrs standards: annual improvements to ifrs standards 2018 – 2020 the application of the amendments to ifrss in the current year has had no material impact on the group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 2. application of amendments to international financial reporting standards “ifrss” continued new and amendments to ifrss in issue but not yet effective the group has not early applied the following new and amendments to ifrss that have been issued but are not yet effective: ifrs amendment: ifrs 17 including the june 2020 and december 2021 amendments to ifrs 17 , description: insurance contracts¹, effective date: 1 january 2023 ifrs amendment: amendments to ias 1 and ifrs practice statement 2, description: disclosure of accounting policies¹, effective date: 1 january 2024 ifrs amendment: amendments to ias 8, description: definition of accounting estimates¹, effective date: a date to be determined ifrs amendment: amendments to ias 12, description: deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction¹, effective date: a date to be determined ifrs amendment: amendments to ifrs 16, description: lease liability in a sale and leaseback², effective date: a date to be determined ifrs amendment: amendments to ias 1, description: classification of liabilities as current or non-current², effective date: a date to be determined ifrs amendment: amendments to ias 1, description: non-current liabilities with covenants², effective date: a date to be determined ifrs amendment: amendments to ifrs 10 and ias 28, description: sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture³, effective date: a date to be determined table end.
the directors of the company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to ifrss will have no material impact on the group’s consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with ifrss issued by iasb.
for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users.
in addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the hong kong listing rules and the disclosure requirements of the hong kong companies ordinance.
the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments and an investment property that are measured at fair values at the end of the relevant reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies below.
historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
¹footnotes: these are the specific footnotes from the original image which need to be included here.
²footnotes: these are the specific footnotes from the original image which need to be included here.
³footnotes: these are the specific footnotes from the original image which need to be included here.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
in estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of ifrs 2 share-based payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with ifrs 16 leases “ifrs 16" , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in ias 2 inventories or value in use in ias 36 impairment of assets “ias 36" . a fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
in addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows: level 1 inputs are quoted prices unadjusted in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date; level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
the principal accounting policies are set out below.
basis of consolidation the consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the company and entities controlled by the group.
control is achieved when the company: has power over the investee; is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
the group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the group loses control of the subsidiary.
specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the group gains control until the date when the group ceases to control the subsidiary.
67 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued basis of consolidation continued where necessary, adjustments are made to financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with the group's accounting policies.
all intra-group assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
interest in a joint venture a joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement.
joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
the results and assets and liabilities of joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting.
the financial statements of joint venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
under the equity method, an investment in a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the joint venture.
changes in net assets of the joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the group.
when the group's share of losses of a joint venture exceeds its interest in that joint venture which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the group's net investment in the joint venture , the group discontinues recognising its share of further losses.
additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint venture.
the group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in a joint venture may be impaired.
when any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment including goodwill is tested for impairment in accordance with ias 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal with its carrying amount.
any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment.
any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with ias 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.
revenue from contracts with customers the group recognises revenue when or as a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.
a performance obligation represents a good or service or a bundle of goods or services that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued revenue from contracts with customers continued control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met: the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the group's performance as the group performs; the group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the group performs; or the group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the group and the group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.
a contract liability represents the group's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the group has received consideration or an amount of consideration is due from the customer.
over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation the progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict the group's performance in transferring control of goods or services.
borrowing costs all borrowing costs not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
taxation income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
the tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year.
taxable profit differs from profit before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.
the group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences.
deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from initial recognition other than in a business combination of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images or footnotes to include.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued taxation continued deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and interest in a joint venture except where the group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
the carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
the measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.
foreign currencies in preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of that entity foreign currencies are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions.
at the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date.
non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined.
non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
for the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the group's foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the group i.e. us$ at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of the reporting period, and their income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the year, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions are used.
exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of exchange reserve.
70 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued property, plant and equipment property, plant and equipment are tangible assets held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes.
they are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
depreciation is recognized to write off the cost of items of property, plant, and equipment over their estimated useful lives, considering their estimated residual value, using the straight-line method.
when parts of an item have different useful lives, the cost of each part is depreciated separately.
depreciation of vessels is charged to write off the cost over their remaining estimated useful lives from the date of initial delivery from the shipyard second-hand vessels are depreciated from the date of acquisition over their remaining estimated useful lives , after allowing for residual values estimated by the directors, using the straight-line method.
the residual value of vessels is estimated by the product of its lightweight tonnage and estimated scrap rate.
upon acquisition of a vessel, components requiring replacement at the next dry-docking are identified, and their costs are depreciated over the period to the next estimated dry-docking date usually 2.5 to 5 years . costs incurred on subsequent dry-dockings are capitalized and depreciated over the period to the next estimated dry-docking date.
when significant dry-docking costs are incurred before the depreciation period expires, the remaining carrying amounts of the previous dry-docking are written off immediately.
expenditure incurred after items of property, plant, and equipment are put into operation e.grams., repairs and maintenance is normally charged to profit or loss in the period incurred.
if the recognition criteria are met, expenditure for major inspections is capitalized in the asset's carrying amount as a replacement.
the estimated useful lives, residual values, and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
an item of property, plant, and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from continued use.
any gain or loss arising on disposal or retirement is determined as the difference between sale proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
investment property investment property is property held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.
it is initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
subsequently, it is measured at its fair value.
gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are included in profit or loss for the year in which they arise.
there are no footnotes or additional annotations in the provided image.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued investment property continued an investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal.
any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the property calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property is included in the profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.
impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset at the end of each reporting period, the group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss or an impairment loss recognised in prior years may no longer exist or may have decreased.
if any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss or reversal of impairment loss if any . the recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset are estimated individually.
when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
in testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established.
the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.
recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
in assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or a cash-generating unit for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
if the recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount.
for corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units.
in allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill if applicable and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units.
the carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal if measurable , its value in use if determinable and zero.
the amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units.
an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset continued where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units in prior years.
a reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
leases definition of a lease a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
for contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application, the group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under ifrs 16 at inception date.
such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.
the group as lessee allocation of consideration to components of a contract for a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.
non-lease components are separated from lease components and are accounted for by applying other applicable standards.
right-of-use asset the cost of right-of-use asset includes: the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received; any initial direct costs incurred by the group; and an estimate of costs to be incurred by the group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.
right-of-use asset is measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.
the group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
there are no footnotes or additional notes in this section.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued leases continued the group as lessee continued lease liabilities at the commencement date of a lease, the group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date.
in calculating the present value of lease payments, the group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
the lease payments include: fixed payments including in-substance fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable; variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date; amounts expected to be payable by the group under residual value guarantees; the exercise price of a purchase option if the group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising an option to terminate the lease.
after the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.
the group as a lessor classification and measurement of leases leases for which the group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases.
whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
all other leases are classified as operating leases.
rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
rental income which is derived from the group's ordinary course of business is presented as revenue.
allocation of consideration to components of a contract when a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the group applies ifrs 15 revenue from contracts with customers “ifrs 15" to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components.
non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.
74 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of cash flows include: cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits; and cash equivalents, which comprise of short-term generally with original maturity of three months or less , highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.
provisions provisions are recognised when the group has a present obligation legal or constructive as a result of a past event, it is probable that the group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
the amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
when a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows where the effect of the time value of money is material . when some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.
financial instruments financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
all regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.
financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with ifrs 15. transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
the effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period.
the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.
for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost on initial recognition.
75 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued financial instruments continued interest income which is derived from the group's ordinary course of business is presented as revenue.
financial assets classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost: the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income “fvtoci” : the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
all other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss “fvtpl” . i amortised cost and interest income interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments subsequently measured at fvtoci.
for financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired see below . for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
if the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.
for purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the group recognises interest revenue by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition.
the calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of the financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired.
76 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued financial instruments continued financial assets continued classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets continued ii debt instruments classified as at fvtoci subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at fvtoci as a result of interest income calculated using the effective interest method, and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.
all other changes in the carrying amount of these debt instruments are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investment revaluation reserve.
impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income “oci” without reducing the carrying amounts of these debt instruments.
when these debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.
impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment the group performs impairment assessments under expected credit losses “ecl” model on financial assets including debt instruments at fvtoci, other receivables, amount due from a joint venture, bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents , which are subject to impairment assessment.
the amount of ecl is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.
lifetime ecl represents the ecl that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant instrument.
in contrast, 12-month ecl “12m ecl” represents the portion of lifetime ecl that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
assessments are done based on the group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.
for all instruments, the group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ecl, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the group recognises lifetime ecl.
the assessment of whether lifetime ecl should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.
i significant increase in credit risk in assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition.
in making this assessment, the group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
in particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly: an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external if available or internal credit rating; significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.grams. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor; notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued financial instruments continued financial assets continued impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment continued i significant increase in credit risk continued existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations; an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.
irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.
the group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.
ii definition of default for internal credit risk management, the group considers an event occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the group, in full without taking into account any collaterals held by the group . irrespective of the above, the group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.
iii credit-impaired financial assets a financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred.
evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events: a significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; b a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event; c the lender s of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession s that the lender s would not otherwise consider; d it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued financial instruments continued financial assets continued impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment continued iii credit-impaired financial assets continued e the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.
iv write-off policy the group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner.
financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate.
a write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
v measurement and recognition of ecl the measurement of ecl is a function of the probability of default, loss given default i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default and the exposure at default.
the assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information.
estimation of ecl reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.
generally, the ecl is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.
interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.
except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at fvtoci, the group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount.
for investments in debt instruments that are measured at fvtoci, the loss allowance is recognised in oci and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying amount of these debt instruments.
such amount represents the changes in the fvtoci reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.
derecognition/modification of financial assets the group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.
on derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.
79 3. basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements and significant accounting policies continued financial instruments continued financial assets continued derecognition/modification of financial assets continued on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at fvtoci, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.
a modification of a financial asset occurs if the contractual cash flows are renegotiated or otherwise modified.
when the contractual terms of a financial asset are modified, the group assesses whether the revised terms result in a substantial modification from original terms taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances including qualitative factors.
if qualitative assessment is not conclusive, the group considers the terms are substantially different if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms, including any fees paid net of any fees received, and discounted using the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different from the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original financial asset.
financial liabilities and equity instruments classification as debt or equity debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
equity instruments an equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the group after deducting all of its liabilities.
equity instruments issued by the company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
financial liabilities at amortised cost financial liabilities including borrowings and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.
derecognition of financial liabilities the group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired.
the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.
employee benefits retirement benefit costs payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plan are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.
short-term employee benefits short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services.
all short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another ifrs requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 4. key sources of estimation uncertainty in the application of the group's accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
the estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant.
actual results may differ from these estimates.
the estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
the following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
impairment assessment on vessels the group assesses regularly whether the vessels have any indications of impairment or indication of impairment reversals in accordance with its accounting policy.
the group determines the recoverable amount of the vessels based on the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal, which is subject to estimates.
the aggregate carrying amount of the group's vessels at the end of the reporting period was united states dollar40,167,000 2021: united states dollar42,000,000 . by comparing the recoverable amount of the vessels with their respective carrying amounts, impairment loss on vessels amounted to united states dollar797,000 was recognised 2021: impairment loss on vessels of united states dollar13,430,000 was reversed in profit or loss.
allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci the allowance for credit losses is sensitive to changes in estimates.
as at 31 december 2022, all of the group's debt instruments were/had been in default for payments and the group estimates the expected credit loss by estimating the expected recovery with reference to certain data published by international rating agencies.
allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci of united states dollar1,402,000 2021: united states dollar5,360,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the year ended 31 december 2022. the information about the ecl on the group's debt instruments at fvtoci is disclosed in note 34. 81 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 5. revenue i disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers with the amounts disclosed in the segment information: table: revenue disaggregation 2022 and 2021 year: 2022 , type of services: marine transportation, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,449, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : -, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,449 type of services: revenue from contracts with customers, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,449, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : -, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,449 type of services: leases, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,630, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : -, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,630 type of services: interest income from debt instruments at fvtoci, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : 293, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 293 type of services: total revenue , marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 12,079 , investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : 293 , property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : - , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 12,372 year: 2021 , type of services: marine transportation, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,364, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : -, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,364 type of services: revenue from contracts with customers, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,364, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : -, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,364 type of services: leases, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,612, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : -, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : 181, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,793 type of services: interest income from debt instruments at fvtoci, marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : -, investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : 581, property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 581 type of services: total revenue , marine transportation usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,976 , investment holding usthousands of singapore dollars : 581 , property holding and investment usthousands of singapore dollars : 181 , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,738 table end.
5. revenue continued ii performance obligations for contracts with customers the group provides marine transportation services to customers.
such service income is recognised over time as a performance obligation when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit provided by the group.
revenue is recognised for these marine transportation services based on the stage of completion of the contract using output method.
the group requires the customers to pay 15 days in advance for the marine transportation services.
if upfront payments are received for the services to be provided, such receipts are recognised as contract liabilities until the services have been performed for the customers.
iii transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers the marine transportation services are for periods of one year or less.
as permitted under ifrs 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.
iv leases : operating lease income – vessel with fixed payment, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,630, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,612 : operating lease income – investment property with fixed payment, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 181 : total , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,630 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,793 table end.
6. segment information the following is an analysis of the group's revenue and results by operating segments, based on information provided to the executive directors and chief executive of the company, being the chief operating decision makers “codm” , for the purposes of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance.
this is also the current basis of organisation in the group, whereby the management organises the group based on different operating activities.
the accounting policies of the reportable and operating segments are the same as the group's accounting policies described in note 3. specifically, the group's reportable and operating segments are as follows: 1. marine transportation 2. investment holding 3. property holding and investment 4. merchandise trading segment information segment results represent the profit/loss from each segment without allocation of corporate income, corporate expenses, impairment loss recognised/reversed on vessels, share of result of a joint venture and finance costs.
net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci is included in the result of investment holding segment.
the codm has allocated vessels and investment in a joint venture to the measurement of segment assets while the impairment loss recognised reversed on vessels and share of result of the joint venture are not allocated in the measurement of segment results.
segment revenue and results the following is an analysis of the group's revenue and results by reportable and operating segments: table: segment revenue and results usthousands of singapore dollars unallocated: corporate income corporate expenses impairment loss recognised reversed on vessels share of result of a joint venture finance costs profit before tax year: 2022, amount usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123 year: 2021, amount usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,488 table end.
84 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 6. segment information continued segment assets and liabilities the following is an analysis of the group's assets and liabilities by reportable and operating segments: table: segment assets and liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars category: segment assets , marine transportation: 2022, investment holding: 2022, property holding and investment: 2022, merchandise trading: 2022, total 2022: 50,657, total 2021: 66,418 marine transportation: 44,067, investment holding: 1,897, property holding and investment: 4,693, merchandise trading: 91 marine transportation: 2021, investment holding: 2021, property holding and investment: 2021, merchandise trading: 2021 marine transportation: 44,283, investment holding: 7,434, property holding and investment: 14,610, merchandise trading: - category: unallocated corporate assets , total 2022: 15,798, total 2021: 6,033 category: total assets , total 2022: 66,455, total 2021: 72,451 category: segment liabilities , marine transportation: 2022, investment holding: 2022, property holding and investment: 2022, merchandise trading: 2022, total 2022: 5,177, total 2021: 10,644 marine transportation: 5,158, investment holding: -, property holding and investment: 19, merchandise trading: - marine transportation: 2021, investment holding: 2021, property holding and investment: 2021, merchandise trading: 2021 marine transportation: -, investment holding: -, property holding and investment: -, merchandise trading: - category: unallocated corporate liabilities , total 2022: 140, total 2021: 355 category: total liabilities , total 2022: 5,317, total 2021: 10,999 table end.
for the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments: all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain property, plant and equipment, right-of-use asset, other receivables and prepayments, bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents; and all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than certain other payables and accruals, borrowings and lease liabilities.
geographical information the group's operations are principally located in hong kong and other asian countries.
the directors of the company consider that the nature of the group's marine transportation business precludes a meaningful allocation of the group's revenue and non-current assets relating to such business to specific geographical segments as these revenue and non-current assets mainly derive from and include vessels which are utilised across different geographical markets.
information about the group's revenue from external customers/sources other than marine transportation business is presented based on the geographical location of the operations.
information about the group's non-current assets other than marine transportation business is presented based on the geographical location of the assets.
6. segment information continued geographical information continued note: revenue excluded the revenue from marine transportation business.
non-current assets excluded debt instruments at fvtoci, the carrying amounts of vessels and dry-docking and deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment.
information about major customers revenue arising from customers individually contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the group are related to the marine transportation segment and are disclosed as follows: customer: customer a, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,360, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : n/a customer: customer b, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,040, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,550 customer: customer c, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,983, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,871 customer: customer d, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,630, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,654 table end.
note: the corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the group.
7. other gains and losses, net item: loss on disposal of an investment property, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 183 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: decrease in fair value of an investment property, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 539 item: reclassification upon redemption of debt instruments at fvtoci, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 58 item: net decrease in fair value of financial assets at fvtpl, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 91 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: allowance for credit losses on other receivables, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3 item: net foreign exchange loss gain, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 272 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 594 table end.
8. finance costs item: interest expenses from borrowings, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 344, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 441 item: interest on lease liabilities, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6 item: total finance costs , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 346 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 447 table end.
9. profit before tax profit before tax has been arrived at after charging crediting : item: auditor's remuneration - audit service, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 147, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 147 item: employee benefits expenses including directors' emoluments : item: - salaries and other benefits, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 681, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 760 item: - contributions to retirement benefits scheme, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 22, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 18 item: total employee benefits expenses , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 703 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 778 item: marine crew expenses, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,679, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,892 item: depreciation of property, plant and equipment, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,168, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,371 item: depreciation of right-of-use asset, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 124, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 125 item: interest income from banks, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 242 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 7 table end.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 10. income tax expense there was no assessable profit arising in hong kong for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021. in the opinion of the directors of the company, there is no taxation arising in other jurisdictions.
income tax expense for the year is reconciled to profit before tax per the group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows: table: income tax expense reconciliation item: profit before tax, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,488 item: tax at the applicable income tax rate of 16.5% note , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 185 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,731 item: tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,065, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,715 item: tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,741 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,884 item: tax effect of tax losses not recognised, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 152 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 100 item: effect of utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 13, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: income tax expense for the year , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : missing , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : missing table end.
note: hong kong profits tax rate is used for the tax reconciliation as the group is considered to be principally managed in hong kong.
at the end of the reporting period, the group had unused tax losses of united states dollar6,758,000 2021: united states dollar5,918,000 . no deferred tax asset had been recognised in respect of such losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.
the losses may be carried forward indefinitely.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 11. directors' and chief executive's emoluments the emoluments paid or payable to each of the seven 2021: eight directors or chief executive are as follows: 2022 category: executive directors/chief executive category: mr. sue ka lok note a , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : -, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 167, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 7, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 174 category: ms. wang yu, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : -, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 33, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 35 category: mr. yuen chee lap, carl, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : -, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 122, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 124 category: subtotal , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : -, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 322, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 11, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 333 category: non-executive director category: dr. feng xiaogang note b , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 31, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 31 category: independent non-executive directors category: mr. zhou qijin, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 19, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 category: mr. pau shiu ming, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 19, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 category: mr. tsao hoi ho, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 19, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 category: subtotal , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 57, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 57 category: total , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 88, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 322, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 11, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 421 table end.
notes: note a: description of note a content missing from image note b: description of note b content missing from image : courage investment group limited annual report 2022, page 89. 11. directors' and chief executive's emoluments continued 2021 table: directors' and chief executive's emoluments 2021 category: executive directors/chief executive , name: mr. sue ka lok note a , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : –, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 13, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : –, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 13 name: dr. feng xiaogang note b , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : –, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 162, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 164 name: ms. wang yu, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : –, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 33, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 35 name: ms. sin pui ying note c , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : –, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 54, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 56 name: mr. yuen chee lap, carl, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : –, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 117, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 119 category: subtotal , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : –, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 379, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 8, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 387 category: non-executive director , name: mr. sue ka lok note a , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : –, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : –, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 2 category: independent non-executive directors , name: mr. zhou qijin, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 19, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : –, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : –, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 name: mr. pau shiu ming, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 19, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : –, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : –, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 name: mr. tsao hoi ho, directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 19, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : –, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : –, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 19 category: subtotal , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 57, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : –, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : –, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 57 category: total , directors' fees usthousands of singapore dollars : 59, basic salaries and allowance usthousands of singapore dollars : 379, contributions to retirement benefits scheme usthousands of singapore dollars : 8, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 446 table end.
notes: a. mr. sue ka lok resigned as non-executive director on 12 january 2021 and was re-appointed as executive director on 30 november 2021. b. dr. feng xiaogang was appointed as executive director on 12 january 2021, re-designated as non-executive director on 1 january 2022, and resigned on 31 december 2022. c. ms. sin pui ying resigned on 30 november 2021. the executive directors' emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the group.
the non-executive directors' emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the company.
the independent non-executive directors' emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the company.
there was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive officer of the company waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.
courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 12. employees' emoluments of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the group, two were director or chief executive officer 2021: four were directors or a former director or chief executive officer of the company whose emoluments are included in note 11 above.
the emoluments of the remaining three 2021: one individuals are as follows: : salaries and allowance, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 147, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 47 : contributions to retirement benefits scheme, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2 : total , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 153 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 49 table end.
the emoluments of the remaining three 2021: one highest paid individuals other than directors or a former director or chief executive officer were within the band of nil to hong kong dollar1,000,000.
no emolument was paid by the group to any of the directors and the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the group as an inducement to join or upon joining the group or as compensation for loss of office.
13. earnings per share the calculation of basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the company is based on the following data: : earnings, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,123, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,488 : profit for the year attributable to owners of the company table end.
: number of shares, 2022 '000 : 1,097,704, 2021 '000 : 1,092,753 : weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year table end.
the weighted average number of ordinary shares for the year ended 31 december 2021 for the purpose of calculating the basic earnings per share had been adjusted to account for the effect of the bonus element of the open offer of the company note 27 which became effective on 5 january 2021. for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, no diluted earnings per share is presented as there were no dilutive potential ordinary shares outstanding during both years.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 14. dividend during the year ended 31 december 2022, no dividend was paid, declared or proposed 2021: nil , nor has any dividend been proposed by the directors of the company since the end of the reporting period.
15. property, plant and equipment table: property, plant and equipment usthousands of singapore dollars category: cost category: at 1 january 2021, vessels: 64,098, dry-docking: 1,890, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 39, leasehold improvement: 203, total: 66,230 category: additions, vessels: –, dry-docking: –, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 2, leasehold improvement: 4, total: 6 category: written off, vessels: –, dry-docking: –, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 21 , leasehold improvement: 131 , total: 152 category: at 31 december 2021, vessels: 64,098, dry-docking: 1,890, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 20, leasehold improvement: 76, total: 66,084 category: additions, vessels: 435, dry-docking: 2,945, furniture, fixtures and equipment: –, leasehold improvement: –, total: 3,380 category: at 31 december 2022, vessels: 64,533, dry-docking: 4,835, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 20, leasehold improvement: 76, total: 69,464 category: accumulated depreciation and impairment category: at 1 january 2021, vessels: 34,735, dry-docking: 1,051, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 28, leasehold improvement: 136, total: 35,950 category: depreciation, vessels: 793, dry-docking: 560, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 3, leasehold improvement: 15, total: 1,371 category: written off, vessels: –, dry-docking: –, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 21 , leasehold improvement: 131 , total: 152 category: impairment loss reversed in profit or loss, vessels: 13,430 , dry-docking: –, furniture, fixtures and equipment: –, leasehold improvement: –, total: 13,430 category: at 31 december 2021, vessels: 22,098, dry-docking: 1,611, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 10, leasehold improvement: 20, total: 23,739 category: depreciation, vessels: 1,471, dry-docking: 681, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 2, leasehold improvement: 14, total: 2,168 category: impairment loss recognised in profit or loss, vessels: 797, dry-docking: –, furniture, fixtures and equipment: –, leasehold improvement: –, total: 797 category: at 31 december 2022, vessels: 24,366, dry-docking: 2,292, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 12, leasehold improvement: 34, total: 26,704 category: carrying values category: at 31 december 2022, vessels: 40,167, dry-docking: 2,543, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 8, leasehold improvement: 42, total: 42,760 category: at 31 december 2021, vessels: 42,000, dry-docking: 279, furniture, fixtures and equipment: 10, leasehold improvement: 56, total: 42,345 table end.
92 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 15. property, plant and equipment continued the estimated useful lives of the assets are summarized as follows: asset category: vessels, estimated useful life: shorter of 30 years or the estimated remaining useful life of the second-hand vessels asset category: dry-docking, estimated useful life: 2.5 to 5 years asset category: furniture, fixtures and equipment, estimated useful life: 5 years asset category: leasehold improvement, estimated useful life: 5 years table end.
during the year, the bdi remained volatile compared with that of the prior year.
hence, the directors of the company conducted a review of the recoverable amount of the group's vessels whereby an impairment loss on a vessel is recognised when the carrying amount of a vessel exceeds its recoverable amount, which in turn is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal.
the fair value of the group's vessels were determined based on the valuation carried out by jp assets consultancy limited, an independent qualified professional valuer not connected to the group, and the market approach was principally adopted for the valuation as there was a known market for used vessels.
the fair value of the vessels were primarily determined based on the direct comparison method by making reference to the recent sale transactions of similar vessels with similar age and condition level 2 fair value hierarchy . at 31 december 2022, the fair value less costs of disposal of two vessels of the group were determined with reference to prevailing market conditions including second-hand prices and freight rate of similar vessels and amounted to united states dollar30,225,000 2021: united states dollar31,971,000 in aggregate, such fair values are higher than their respective value in use.
as the recoverable amounts of these vessels were lower than their individual carrying amount before impairment, an impairment loss on vessels of united states dollar797,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the year 2021: an impairment loss on vessels of united states dollar13,430,000 was reversed as the recoverable amounts of the vessels were higher than their individual carrying amount . details of the pledge of property, plant and equipment are set out in note 30. 93 16. right-of-use asset table: right-of-use asset data usthousands of singapore dollars item: at 31 december item: carrying amount item: for the year ended 31 december item: depreciation, 2022: 11, 2021: 135 item: total cash outflow for leases, 2022: 124, 2021: 125 item: total , 2022: 142 , 2021: 142 table end.
lease contract is entered into for a fixed term of three years 2021: three years . lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain different terms and conditions.
in determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.
17. investment property table: investment property fair value data usthousands of singapore dollars item: at 1 january 2021, value: 9,295 item: decrease in fair value recognised in profit or loss, value: 539 item: at 31 december 2021, value: 8,756 item: disposal, value: 8,756 item: at 31 december 2022, value: - table end.
page 94 of courage investment group limited annual report 2022. 17. investment property continued the group's property interest held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation purposes represented an office unit in hong kong and was measured using the fair value model and classified and accounted for as investment property.
on 9 february 2022, the group entered into a conditional provisional sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to dispose of the group's investment property at a consideration of hong kong dollar68,300,000 equivalent to united states dollar8,756,000 . the transaction was completed on 6 june 2022. upon completion of the disposal, a loss on disposal of united states dollar183,000 representing the direct expenses related to the disposal was recognised in profit or loss for the year ended 31 december 2022. at 31 december 2021, the fair value of the group's investment property at the reporting date had been determined by taking into account the agreed consideration set out in the conditional provisional sale and purchase agreement.
the investment property was at level 2 fair value hierarchy and there were no transfers into or out of level 2 fair value hierarchy during the year ended 31 december 2021. no rental income was generated during the current year 2021: rental income of united states dollar181,000 was generated under operating lease from the group's investment property.
no material direct operating expenses were incurred for the investment property for the year ended 31 december 2021. 18. interest in a joint venture table: interest in a joint venture item: cost of investment in a joint venture, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,330, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,330 item: share of post-acquisition losses and other comprehensive expenses, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,315 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 163 item: total , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,015 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,167 table end.
18. interest in a joint venture continued name of entity: shanghai yueyong investment management company limited literally translated from its chinese name 上海悦勇投資管理有限公司 , place of establishment/operation: the prc, proportion of ownership interest and voting rights held by the group: 41.7% 2022 / 41.7% 2021 , principal activity: property investment table end.
summarised financial information of the group's interest in a joint venture : current assets, representing cash and cash equivalents, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1 : non-current assets, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,711, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 13,563 : current liabilities, representing financial liabilities, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,083, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,172 table end.
breakdown of assets and liabilities: : loss profit for the year, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,817 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 210 : other comprehensive expense income for the year, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 946 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 326 table end.
page 96 of courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 18. interest in a joint venture continued reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the joint venture recognised in the consolidated financial statements: item: net assets of the joint venture, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,629, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 12,392 item: proportion of the group's ownership interest in the joint venture, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,015, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,167 table end.
19. debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income item: listed debt securities, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,656, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,545 item: analysed for reporting purpose as: item: current assets, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 264, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,814 item: non-current assets, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,392, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,731 item: total , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,656 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,545 table end.
these debt instruments are listed on either the hong kong stock exchange or sgx-st.
at 31 december 2022, these debt instruments carried coupon from 5.25% to 11.95% 2021: 4.7% to 11.95% per annum and would mature in 2023 to 2025 2021: 2022 to 2025 . for the year ended 31 december 2022, the net allowance for credit losses on debt instruments at fvtoci of united states dollar1,402,000 2021: united states dollar5,360,000 was recognised in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income.
further details of the modification of debt instruments at fvtoci and impairment assessment are set out in note 34. 20. other receivables and prepayments table: other receivables and prepayments usthousands of singapore dollars item: other receivables, 2022: 472, 2021: 613 item: reimbursement asset from an insurance company, 2022: 821, 2021: - item: account balance with brokers, 2022: 10, 2021: 110 item: prepayments and other deposits for operating expenses, 2022: 222, 2021: 276 item: total , 2022: 1,525 , 2021: 999 table end.
details of impairment assessment on other receivables are set out in note 34. 21. amount due from a joint venture the amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
details of impairment assessment on the amount due are set out in note 34. 22. bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents bank deposits represented time deposits denominated in hong kong dollars or united states dollars which were placed with banks in hong kong for investment purposes, carried fixed interest from 4.19% to 5.94% 2021: nil per annum.
cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term deposits for the purpose of meeting the group's short-term cash commitments, which carried interest at prevailing market rates.
at 31 december 2022 and 2021, the group performed impairment assessment on bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents and concluded that the probability of defaults of the counterparty banks are insignificant and accordingly, no allowance for credit loss is provided.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 23. deposits received, other payables and accruals item: accrued expenses and other payables for operations, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 770, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 311 item: deposits received from lessee of vessel, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 735, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 735 item: provision note , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 821, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: total , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,326 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,046 table end.
presented as: non-current: 735 current: 1,591 note: during the year, one of the group's vessels was involved in a collision with another vessel owned by an independent third party that occurred in the seas of singapore the “collision event” . the owner of the other vessel has filed a claim against the loss caused by the negligence of the group.
the directors of the company have made the best estimate of the claim to be approximately united states dollar821,000 after consultation with the lawyers.
the claim can be fully covered by an insurance policy taken out by the group and thus a corresponding amount is recognised as a reimbursement asset note 20 . the directors of the company expect that the collision event is to be settled within twelve months after the end of the reporting period.
24. contract liabilities item: marine transportation income to be recognised in next year, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 101, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 15 table end.
as at 1 january 2021, contract liabilities amounted to united states dollar41,000.
the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year of united states dollar15,000 2021: united states dollar41,000 was recognised as revenue during the year ended 31 december 2022. notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 25. borrowings secured loans year: 2022, amount usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,878 year: 2021, amount usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,786 table end.
the carrying amounts of the loans are repayable : within a period not exceeding one year: 2022: 2,122; 2021: 4,908 within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years: 2022: 756; 2021: 2,122 within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years: 2021: 2,756 year: 2022, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,878, amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,122 , amounts shown under non-current liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 756 year: 2021, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,786, amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,908 , amounts shown under non-current liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,878 table end.
effective interest rate % per annum: year: 2022, rate % : 2.95 - 7.17 year: 2021, rate % : 1.21 - 4.13 table end.
the amounts due are based on the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.
the group's borrowings were denominated in united states dollars 2021: united states dollars , which were also the functional currencies of the respective entities of the group.
at 31 december 2022, the loans were carrying interest at london interbank offered rate “libor” 2021: libor plus certain basis points.
the outstanding loans at 31 december 2022 were repayable within one to two years 2021: within one to three years . the borrowings at 31 december 2022 were secured by the following: i corporate guarantee from the company; ii first preferred mortgage over the vessels held by heroic marine corp.
and polyworld marine corp., named mv heroic and mv polyworld respectively; and iii assignment of insurance proceeds in respect of vessels mv heroic and mv polyworld.
the borrowings at 31 december 2021 were secured by the following: i corporate guarantee from the company; ii first preferred mortgage over the vessels held by zorina navigation corp., heroic marine corp.
and polyworld marine corp., named mv zorina, mv heroic and mv polyworld respectively; and iii assignment of insurance proceeds in respect of vessels mv zorina, mv heroic and mv polyworld.
100 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 26. lease liabilities lease liabilities are payable: within a period not exceeding one year within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years : within a period not exceeding one year, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars: 12, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars: 140 : within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars: 12, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars: - : total , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars: 12 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars: 152 : less: amounts due for settlement within one year shown under current liabilities, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars: 12 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars: 140 : amounts due for settlement after one year shown under non-current liabilities, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars: -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars: 12 table end.
27. share capital : authorised: : at 1 january 2021, 31 december 2021 and 31 december 2022 united states dollar0.001 per share , number of shares '000 : 180,000, amount usthousands of singapore dollars: 180,000 : issued and fully paid: : at 1 january 2021 united states dollar0.001 per share , number of shares '000 : 548,852, amount usthousands of singapore dollars: 549 : issue of shares under the open offer, number of shares '000 : 548,852, amount usthousands of singapore dollars: 549 : at 31 december 2021 and 31 december 2022 united states dollar0.001 per share , number of shares '000 : 1,097,704, amount usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,098 table end.
at 31 december 2022, all issued ordinary shares have a par value of united states dollar0.001 each 2021: united states dollar0.001 each , carry one vote per share and carry the rights to dividends as and when declared by the company.
during the year ended 31 december 2020, the company proposed an open offer of 548,851,784 offer shares at the subscription price of hong kong dollar0.13 per offer share on the basis of one offer share for every one share held on the record date the “open offer" . the open offer was completed in january 2021 and the company raised proceeds of united states dollar9,148,000 before expenses, of which a sum of united states dollar8,831,000 was received in december 2020 and the remaining sum of united states dollar317,000 was received in january 2021, the transaction costs attributable to the issue of shares amounted to united states dollar527,000.
the new shares issued rank pari passu with the existing shares.
101 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 28. share-based payment transactions equity-settled share option scheme of the company the share option scheme of the company the "share option scheme" was adopted by the company at the annual general meeting of the company held on 28 june 2017. unless otherwise cancelled or amended, the share option scheme will be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on the date of adoption.
the purpose of the share option scheme is to provide participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the company and to encourage participants to work towards enhancing the value of the company and its shares for the benefit of the company and its shareholders as a whole.
participants of the share option scheme comprising a directors including executive directors, non-executive directors and independent non-executive directors ; b employees of the group; and c any advisors, consultants, business partners, agents, customers, suppliers, service providers, contractors of any member of the group or any company or other entity in which the group or any member of it has a shareholding interest, who, in the sole discretion of the board, has contributed or may contribute to the group or any member of it.
the offer of a grant of options may be accepted for a period of 30 days from the date of grant, provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the expiry of the period of ten years commencing on the adoption date of the share option scheme or after the share option scheme has been terminated.
the amount payable by each grantee of options to the company on acceptance of the offer for the grant of options is hong kong dollar1.00.
the subscription price for the shares on the exercise of options under the share option scheme shall be a price as determined by the board in its absolute discretion at the time of the grant of the relevant option and shall be stated in the letter containing the offer of the grant of the option but in any case the subscription price shall not be less than the higher of i the closing price of the company's shares as stated in the hong kong stock exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a trading day; ii the average closing price of the company's shares as stated in the hong kong stock exchange's daily quotations sheets for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; or iii the nominal value of a company's share if any on the date of grant.
the total number of the company's shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant, together with all options granted and to be granted to him/her/it under any other share option scheme s of the company within the 12-month period immediately preceding the proposed date of grant including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options shall not exceed 1% of the total number of the company's shares in issue as at the proposed date of grant.
any further grant of options to a participant in excess of the 1% limit shall be subject to the shareholders' approval of the company with such participant and his/her/its associates abstaining from voting.
the limit on the total number of the company's shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the share option scheme and any other share option scheme s of the company must not exceed 30% of the total number of the company's shares in issue from time to time.
in addition, the total number of the company's shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the share option scheme, together with all options to be granted under any other share option scheme s of the company excluding lapsed options , must not represent more than 10% of the total number of the company's shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the share option scheme the "scheme mandate limit" or as at the date of approval of the refreshed scheme mandate limit, as the case may be.
102 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 28. share-based payment transactions continued equity-settled share option scheme of the company continued at the special general meeting of the company held on 20 october 2021, the shareholders of the company approved the refreshment of mandate limit in respect of the grant of options to subscribe for shares of the company under the share option scheme the “scheme mandate limit refreshment" . accordingly, the total number of shares of the company available for issue under the share option scheme was 109,770,356 shares as refreshed, representing approximately 10% of the issued shares of the company as at the date of approval of the scheme mandate limit refreshment.
no share options have been granted under the share option scheme since its adoption.
the total number of shares of the company available for issue under the share option scheme is 109,770,356 shares, representing approximately 10% of the issued shares of the company as at the date of this annual report.
29. operating leases the group as lessor at the end of the reporting period, the group had contracted with a charterer for the following future undiscounted lease payments: : within one year, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,671, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,672 : one to two years, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 417, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,084 : total , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,088 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,756 table end.
30. pledge of assets at 31 december 2022, two vessels 2021: three vessels with an aggregate carrying amount of united states dollar27,404,000 2021: united states dollar42,279,000 including dry-docking were pledged to a financial institution 2021: a bank and a financial institution as security for the loan facilities granted to the group.
31. retirement benefits scheme the group operates a mandatory provident fund scheme the “mpf scheme” for all qualifying employees in hong kong.
the assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the group in funds under the control of trustees.
both the group and employees contribute a fixed percentage to the mpf scheme based on their monthly salary in accordance with government regulations.
the group’s contributions to the mpf scheme for its employees are fully and immediately vested in the employees once the contributions are made.
accordingly, there are no forfeited contributions under the mpf scheme that may be used by the group to reduce the existing level of contributions.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 32. related party disclosures during the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, the remuneration of the group's key management personnel comprising directors and chief executive officer is disclosed in note 11. 33. capital risk management the group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to shareholders of the company through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.
the capital structure of the group consists of debt, which includes the borrowings as disclosed in note 25, offset by cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.
the directors of the company review the capital structure on a continuous basis taking into account the cost of capital and the risk associated with the capital.
the group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of dividend, issuance of new shares as well as raising of new debts or repayment of existing debts.
the group also ensures that it maintains net worth and capital-assets ratio within a set range to comply with the loan covenants imposed in the loan agreements.
the group's overall strategy remains unchanged from the prior year.
34. financial instruments a categories of financial instruments the following table sets out the financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period: table: financial instruments by category category: financial assets category: debt instruments at fvtoci, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,656, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,545 category: financial assets at amortised cost, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 16,970, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,027 category: financial liabilities category: amortised cost, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,128, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,523 table end.
b financial risk management objectives and policies the group's financial instruments include debt instruments at fvtoci, other receivables, amount due from a joint venture, bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, deposits received, other payables and borrowings.
details of the financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes.
the risks associated with the group's financial instruments include market risk currency risk and interest rate risk , credit risk and liquidity risk.
the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below.
the management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34. financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued currency risk most of the group's assets and liabilities are denominated and settled in hong kong dollars or united states dollars.
as hong kong dollars is pegged to united states dollars, the management thus considers the group's foreign currency exposure is not significant.
the group has certain cash and cash equivalents denominated in renminbi which are considered as insignificant, as such, foreign currency sensitivity analysis is not presented.
the group will consider entering into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge against its foreign currency exposure if the risk is considered to be significant.
interest rate risk the group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to bank deposits see note 22 and lease liabilities see note 26 . the group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk primarily relating to cash and cash equivalents and borrowings at the end of the reporting period which carry variable interest rates, as disclosed in notes 22 and 25 respectively.
the group has not entered into any interest rate swaps to mitigate its exposure associated with fluctuations relating to interest rate risk.
however, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider necessary actions when significant interest rate exposure is anticipated.
the group's exposures to interest rates on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk section below.
the group's cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuations of libor arising from the group's variable-rate borrowings.
the directors of the company consider that the changes in interest rates of cash and cash equivalents have no significant impact on the group and the sensitivity analysis of interest rate risk of such balances is not presented.
the sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for variable-rate borrowings at 31 december 2022 and 2021. the analysis is prepared assuming the variable-rate borrowings outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole reporting year.
a 300 basis points 2021: 100 basis points increase or decrease is used as it represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.
if interest rates had been 300 basis points 2021: 100 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held, the group's profit for the year ended 31 december 2022 would decrease/increase by united states dollar86,000 2021: united states dollar98,000 . interest rate benchmark reform a fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement of libor with alternative nearly risk-free rates.
as at 31 december 2022, all libor settings have been either ceased to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative, except for us dollar settings other than the 1-week and 2-month settings which will be ceased immediately after 30 june 2023. courage investment group limited annual report 2022 105 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34. financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued interest rate risk continued risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform arising from the transition interest rate related risks for contracts which have not been transitioned to the relevant alternative benchmark rates and without detailed fallback clauses, if the bilateral negotiations with the group's counterparties are not successfully concluded before the cessation of libor, there are significant uncertainties with regard to the interest rate that would apply.
this gives rise to additional interest rate risk that was not anticipated when the contracts were entered into.
there are fundamental differences between interbank offered rates the “ibors” and the various alternative benchmark rates.
ibors are forward-looking term rates published for a period e.grams. 3 months at the beginning of that period and include an inter-bank credit spread, whereas alternative benchmark rates are typically risk-free overnight rates published at the end of the overnight period with no embedded credit spread.
these differences will result in additional uncertainty regarding floating rate interest payments.
progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates the borrowings with carrying amount of united states dollar2,878,000 2021: united states dollar7,000,000 are linked to libor and have not been transitioned to alternative interest rate, but the relevant loan agreements include fallback clauses to change the basis for determining the interest cash flows which is to be separately agreed by the group and the lenders.
the management closely monitors the interest environment and will start the negotiation with the lenders in appropriate timing in the forthcoming year.
credit risk and impairment assessment bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents the credit risks on bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are limited because the counterparties are banks/financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.
106 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34. financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued amount due from a joint venture the group regularly monitors the business performance of the joint venture.
the group's credit risks in this balance is mitigated through the value of the assets held by the joint venture and the power to jointly control the relevant activities of the joint venture.
the management believes that there is no significant increase in credit risk of this balance since initial recognition and the group performed impairment assessment based on 12m ecl.
for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, the group considered the ecl for the amount due from the joint venture is insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.
other receivables for other receivables, the directors of the company make periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience, quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive, and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
the directors of the company believe that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the group performed impairment assessment based on 12m ecl.
for the years ended 31 december 2022 and 2021, the group considered the ecl for the other receivables is insignificant and thus no loss allowance is recognised.
debt instruments at fvtoci all of the group's debt instruments at fvtoci are corporate bond investments listed on either the hong kong stock exchange or sgx-st which were acquired in previous years.
at 31 december 2022, all the issuers of these bond investments are property developer companies based in the prc.
since these bond investments are listed and external credit ratings are available, the group maximises the use of these ratings in the determination of ecl on these bond investments.
on the basis of the prevailing market conditions in the prc facing by these property developers, and that their debt instruments, as at 31 december 2022, were/had been in default for interest payments and/or principal repayments, the debt instruments are therefore regarded as credit-impaired or purchased or originated credit-impaired.
out of these debt instruments, issuers of two of the debt instruments with total principal amount of united states dollar1,330,000 have completed the negotiation of settlement schemes with their creditors.
the settlement schemes include terms for i settlement of partial outstanding amounts; ii extension of maturity with implementation of instalment settlement patterns; iii undertaking provided by the issuers to apply the proceeds from sale or financing of their assets including but not limited to properties projects held by those issuers or joint ventures of those issuers for the settlement of the outstanding amounts; and iv keepwell undertaking provided by the single largest shareholder of one of the issuers to demonstrate its intention to assist the issuer concerned to meet its repayment obligations.
the group has participated in these schemes in order to reduce its credit loss exposure.
107 notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2022 34. financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued debt instruments at fvtoci continued except for the debt instruments with total principal amount of united states dollar1,330,000 mentioned above, of which the issuers have undertaken to apply the proceeds from sale or financing of their assets for the settlement of the outstanding amounts, all other debt instruments are unsecured.
the group estimates the loss given default of these debt instruments with reference to the relevant default study publication issued by reputable international rating agencies.
the impact of the above settlement schemes are also reflected in the measurement of loss given default.
the applicable loss given default adopted in determining the ecl for the current year ranged from 65% to 93% 2021: 44% to 90% . the group has also applied a higher adjustment factor for forward-looking information applicable to the bonds issued by these prc property developer companies to reflect the higher loss rate owing to the financial uncertainties of these bond issuers.
the calculation of ecl on these debt instruments also reflects the time value of money.
the group will closely follow the conditions of the property market in the prc and the price movements of these debt instruments, and will formulate appropriate exit strategy accordingly subject to market conditions prevailing from time to time.
during the year, principal of certain debt instruments totaling united states dollar2,450,000 were redeemed.
the group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories: internal credit rating: low risk, description: the counterparty has a low risk of default and does not have any past due amounts, financial assets/other items: 12m ecl internal credit rating: watch list, description: debtor frequently repays after due dates but usually settle in full, financial assets/other items: 12m ecl internal credit rating: doubtful, description: there have been significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition through information developed internally or externally, financial assets/other items: lifetime ecl – not credit-impaired internal credit rating: loss, description: there is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired, financial assets/other items: lifetime ecl – credit-impaired internal credit rating: write-off, description: there is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and the group has no realistic prospect of recovery, financial assets/other items: amount is written off table end.
108 courage investment group limited annual report 2022 34. financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued the tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the group's financial assets: table: debt instruments at fvtoci and financial assets at amortized cost category: debt instruments at fvtoci category: investments in listed bonds, notes: 19, external credit rating: b1 - ba2, internal credit rating: n/a, 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amounts 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, gross carrying amounts 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,435 external credit rating: ca-c, internal credit rating: n/a, 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: lifetime ecl not credit-impaired , gross carrying amounts 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, gross carrying amounts 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,859 external credit rating: default, internal credit rating: n/a, 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: lifetime ecl credit-impaired , gross carrying amounts 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,475, gross carrying amounts 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,600 category: financial assets at amortised cost category: amount due from a joint venture, notes: 21, external credit rating: n/a, internal credit rating: note ii , 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amounts 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 669, gross carrying amounts 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 669 category: bank deposits, notes: 22, external credit rating: aa2 - a2, internal credit rating: n/a, 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amounts 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 13,618, gross carrying amounts 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - category: cash equivalents, notes: 22, external credit rating: aa2 - a2, internal credit rating: n/a, 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amounts 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,200, gross carrying amounts 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,635 category: other receivables, notes: 20, external credit rating: n/a, internal credit rating: note ii , 12m ecl or lifetime ecl: 12m ecl, gross carrying amounts 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 337, gross carrying amounts 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 629 table end.
notes: i. for the purpose of ecl assessment, the group considers the aggregate of the gross principal amounts and the related contractual interests of the debt instruments.
ii.
for the purpose of internal credit risk management, the group uses past due information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.
34. financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued credit risk and impairment assessment continued the following table shows a reconciliation of the allowance for credit losses recognized for debt instruments at fvtoci, which were all originated at the beginning of the respective periods: table: reconciliation of allowance for credit losses : at 1 january 2021, 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: - : credit losses recognised, 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: 26, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,380, lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 3,954, purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 5,360 : at 31 december 2021, 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: 26, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,380, lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 3,954, purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 5,360 : transfer from lifetime ecl not credit-impaired to lifetime ecl credit-impaired , 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,380 , lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,380, purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: - : transfer from lifetime ecl credit-impaired to purchased or originated credit-impaired, 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 764 , purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 764, total usthousands of singapore dollars: - : remeasurement of credit losses, net, 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,495, purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 67 , total usthousands of singapore dollars: 1,428 : credit losses reversed due to redemption, 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: 26 , lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 26 : at 31 december 2022 , 12m ecl usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl not credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: -, lifetime ecl credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 6,065, purchased or originated credit-impaired usthousands of singapore dollars: 697, total usthousands of singapore dollars: 6,762 table end.
during the year, the changes in the allowance for credit losses are explained by the remeasurement of credit losses made to the debt instruments with an aggregate gross principal amount of united states dollar8,330,000 and the redemption of the debt instruments with an aggregate gross principal amount of united states dollar2,450,000.
liquidity risk in the management of liquidity risk, the group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the group's operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.
management also monitors the utilization of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.
the management therefore considers that the group's liquidity risk has been reduced.
the following table details the group's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities.
the table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities, based on the earliest date on which the group can be required to pay.
the table includes both interest and principal cash flows.
to the extent that interest flows are based on a floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the interest rate at the end of the reporting period.
notes : this document is an excerpt from the courage investment group limited annual report 2022. 34. financial instruments continued b financial risk management objectives and policies continued liquidity risk continued table: liquidity risk usthousands of singapore dollars : at 31 december 2022 : other payables, weighted average interest rate % : -, on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,250, 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,250, carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,250 : borrowings, weighted average interest rate % : 8.65, on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,175, 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,129, 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : 775, 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 3,079, carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,878 : lease liabilities, weighted average interest rate % : 2.86, on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 12, 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 12, carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 12 : total , on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,437 , 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,129 , 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : 775 , 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,341 , carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,140 : at 31 december 2021 : other payables, weighted average interest rate % : -, on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 737, 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 737, carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 737 : borrowings, weighted average interest rate % : 3.75, on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,005, 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,178, 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,290, 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,269, carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,786 : lease liabilities, weighted average interest rate % : 2.86, on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 73, 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : 72, 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : 12, 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 157, carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 152 : total , on demand or 6 months or less usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,815 , 6 to 12 months usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,250 , 1 to 2 years usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,302 , 2 to 5 years undiscounted cash flows usthousands of singapore dollars : 11,163 , carrying amounts usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,675 table end.
the amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments of non-derivative financial liabilities are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.
fair values the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows: the fair values of listed debt securities classified as debt instruments at fvtoci are categorized as level 1 fair value measurement and determined with reference to quoted prices in active markets; and the fair values of other financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.
the directors of the company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost at the end of each reporting period approximate their fair values.
35. reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities date: at 1 january 2021, lease liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 288, borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars : 15,875 date: interest expenses, lease liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 6, borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars : - date: repayment, lease liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 142 , borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,089 date: at 31 december 2021, lease liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 152, borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,786 date: interest expenses, lease liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 2, borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars : - date: repayment, lease liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 142 , borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars : 6,908 date: at 31 december 2022, lease liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars : 12, borrowings usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,878 table end.
36. statement of financial position and reserves movement of the company table: statement of financial position and reserves movement item: non-current assets item: interests in subsidiaries, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 56,327, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 69,496 item: amounts due from subsidiaries, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : -, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: total non-current assets , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 56,327, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 69,496 item: current assets item: other receivables and prepayments, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 104, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 25 item: bank deposits, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,387, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : - item: cash and cash equivalents, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,362, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,809 item: total current assets , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 10,853, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 5,834 item: total assets , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 67,180, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 75,330 item: current liabilities item: amounts due to subsidiaries, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 32,939, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 31,984 item: other payables and accruals, 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 76, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 166 item: total current liabilities , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 33,015, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 32,150 item: net current liabilities , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 22,162 , 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 26,316 item: total assets less current liabilities , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 34,165, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 43,180 item: capital and reserves item: share capital note 27 , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,098, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 1,098 item: reserves note , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 33,067, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 42,082 item: total capital and reserves , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 34,165, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 43,180 item: total liabilities and equity , 2022 usthousands of singapore dollars : 67,180, 2021 usthousands of singapore dollars : 75,330 table end.
36. statement of financial position and reserves movement of the company continued note: : at 1 january 2021, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : 41,029, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,831, accumulated losses usthousands of singapore dollars : 4,219 , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 45,641 : loss and total comprehensive expense for the year, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,800 , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 2,800 : issue of shares under the open offer note 27 , share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,599, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,831 , accumulated losses usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 232 : transaction costs attributable to issue of shares note 27 , share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : 527 , contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses usthousands of singapore dollars : -, total usthousands of singapore dollars : 527 : at 31 december 2021, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,072, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : 41,029, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses usthousands of singapore dollars : 7,019 , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 42,082 : loss and total comprehensive expense for the year, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : -, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : -, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,015 , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 9,015 : at 31 december 2022, share premium usthousands of singapore dollars : 8,072, contributed surplus usthousands of singapore dollars : 41,029, other reserve usthousands of singapore dollars : -, accumulated losses usthousands of singapore dollars : 16,034 , total usthousands of singapore dollars : 33,067 table end.
37. particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the company details of the company's principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out below: table: principal subsidiaries of the company name of subsidiaries: direct: name of subsidiaries: courage marine holdings bvi limited, place of incorporation/establishment: the british virgin islands "bvi" , class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: united states dollar10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, 2021 % : 100, principal activities: investment holding name of subsidiaries: peak prospect global limited, place of incorporation/establishment: bvi, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: united states dollar1, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, 2021 % : 100, principal activities: investment holding name of subsidiaries: indirect: name of subsidiaries: cmg management limited, place of incorporation/establishment: hong kong, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: hong kong dollar1, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, 2021 % : 100, principal activities: merchandise trading, investment holding and provision of management services name of subsidiaries: courage marine group limited, place of incorporation/establishment: hong kong, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: hong kong dollar1, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, 2021 % : 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services table end.
37. particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the company continued details of the company's principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out below: continued table: principal subsidiaries of the company name of subsidiaries: indirect: continued name of subsidiaries: courage marine property investment limited, place of incorporation/establishment: hong kong, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: hong kong dollar10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 % : 100, principal activities: property holding and investment name of subsidiaries: heroic marine corp., place of incorporation/establishment: republic of panama, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: united states dollar200, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 % : 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services name of subsidiaries: polyworld marine corp., place of incorporation/establishment: republic of panama, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: united states dollar10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 % : 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services name of subsidiaries: zorina navigation corp., place of incorporation/establishment: republic of panama, class of shares held: ordinary, issued capital: united states dollar10,000, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2022 % : 100, proportion of nominal value of issued capital held by the company 2021 % : 100, principal activities: provision of marine transportation services table end.
the directors are of the opinion that a complete list of subsidiaries of the company will be of excessive length and therefore the above list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affect the results or assets of the group.
none of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities as at the end of the year.
38. event after the reporting period subsequent to the end of the reporting period, in connection with the claim made by the owner of the other vessel referred to in note 23, the group has paid a security deposit of united states dollar1,006,000 to the supreme court of singapore pending settlement of the collision event.
the security deposit is to be refunded upon the closure of the collision event.
the directors of the company considered that the collision event has no significant impact to the group's operations and the group's vessel involved, which sustained minor damages in the event, is in normal operation.
five-year financial summary results table: financial results usthousands of singapore dollars item: revenue, 2022: 12,372, 2021: 9,738, 2020: 7,920, 2019: 14,708, 2018: 12,191 item: profit loss before tax, 2022: 1,123, 2021: 10,488, 2020: 3,471 , 2019: 180, 2018: 1,252 item: income tax credit expense , 2022: -, 2021: -, 2020: 1, 2019: -, 2018: 1 item: profit loss for the year, 2022: 1,123, 2021: 10,488, 2020: 3,470 , 2019: 180, 2018: 1,251 table end.
assets and liabilities table: assets and liabilities usthousands of singapore dollars item: total assets, 2022: 66,455, 2021: 72,451, 2020: 66,926, 2019: 64,770, 2018: 59,118 item: total liabilities, 2022: 5,317 , 2021: 10,999 , 2020: 17,386 , 2019: 20,928 , 2018: 16,034 item: equity attributable to owners of the company, 2022: 61,138, 2021: 61,452, 2020: 49,540, 2019: 43,842, 2018: 43,084 table end.
page number 116. courage investment group limited annual report 2022.