sustainability 2022 annual report sustainability.ifs.com our approach introduction and ceo letter our strategy, materiality assessment and key targets external standards and frameworks governance our 2022 sustainability highlights our tcfd journey excellence in our business environmental impact diversity and inclusion employee wellbeing human rights and anti-corruption ifs cyber security and privacy tax strategy sustainability risk management supporting our customers esg and sustainability product strategy ifs solution areas change for good awards broader impact ifs foundation ifs education program volunteering annex kpi definition emissions estimation gri index tables sasb index table un global compact principles introduction we report on sustainability annually on our website, year in review report and annual report.
the contents of this report, including all information and data, have been internally reviewed and assessed by management.
the report is for the calendar year 2022 and is for the organization ifs ab and its subsidiaries, referred to as ‘ifs’, ‘group’ or ‘the company’ throughout, excluding acquisitions made during this period, unless specified.
our sustainability report was prepared with reference to the global reporting initiative gri and the sustainability accounting standards board sasb standards.
additionally, ey provided limited assurance over selected environmental and social key performance indicators, disclosed under the section “sustainability risk management” of this report.
for further information or queries about the report please contact sustainability@ifs.com.
our approach a picture depicting cable cars with "imagine in the cloud", "unwind in the cloud", and "create in the cloud" written on them.
contents: introduction and ceo letter page 3 our strategy, materiality assessment and key targets page 4 external standards and frameworks page 5 governance page 7 our 2022 sustainability highlights page 8 our tcfd journey page 10 chief executive's letter at ifs, we see a future where technology enables long-term sustainable value creation, supporting entire industries to become more socially and environmentally responsible.
we honor this vision by holding ourselves and our value chain to the highest ethical standards, and by reflecting our commitment to sustainability in our product development.
2022 saw macroeconomic turmoil.
with the effects of covid-19 persisting, the start of a war in ukraine, and rapidly increasing inflation rates, we also saw a global push for action and accountability on climate change.
within this context of global uncertainty, environmental, social and governance esg performance must remain a priority to ensure business resilience.
2022 was an important year for ifs' esg approach.
we developed our sustainability strategy around three key pillars: ‘excellence in our business’, ‘supporting our customers’ and ‘making a broader impact’.
we made significant progress against our targets in these areas, which included using 100% renewable electricity across our operations, increasing volunteering with over 600 colleagues taking up the opportunity, and achieving bronze medal status with ecovadis for our sustainability performance.
. ifs sustainability report 2022 our unleashed conference in october generated incredible interest around the potential of technology to support esg goals in every industry we serve.
over two thousand customers and partners attended the sustainability sessions.
at unleashed, we also celebrated the launch of ifs sustainability hub’s carbon footprint tool for scope 1 and 2, developed to help customers measure and reduce their emissions.
“we will continue to integrate esg across our business, so that it is embedded in all that we do, and build on the support for our customers so that we can achieve a wider impact, together.” — darren roos, ceo i am more convinced now than ever that the ambitions we set and our relentless focus on esg will deliver measurable business value for our customers and for ifs.
in 2023, we will maintain this momentum.
we will continue to integrate esg across our business, so that it is embedded in all that we do, and build on the support for our customers so that we can achieve a wider impact, together.
our strategy sustainability strategy through technology we can transform and improve entire industries as well as individual lives – and this is our mission.
in 2022, we established a sustainability strategy designed to drive action against the material environmental, social and governance esg topics where we can have the biggest impact.
this is framed around three key pillars which support a clear and actionable mission: ‘excellence in our business’, ‘supporting our customers’ and ‘making a broader impact’.
vision to create long-term sustainable value and through technology, transform and improve industries and lives three pillars excellence in our own business: as a global employer, we recognize the responsibility we hold within our own business.
in line with global frameworks and regulations, we are committed to lead by example as we strive to further improve our operational sustainability performance.
supporting our customers: this pillar focuses on enabling customers to achieve their own sustainability goals and commitments.
our strategy supports customers with esg data and asset lifecycle management, shifting towards more sustainable and responsible methods of production, consumption and doing business.
making a broader impact: we aim to make a positive contribution across industries and society through activities including employee volunteer days, fundraising for our charity of choice, the ifs foundation, our ifs change for good awards program, and supporting the promotion of stem skills through the ifs education program.
topics excellence in our business environmental impact diversity and inclusion wellbeing data privacy and cyber security ethical supply chain risk management and reporting topics supporting our customers business innovation customer emissions and energy use market opportunity topics making a broader impact digital exclusion and stem talent volunteering and community ambassadorship targets carbon neutrality by 2025 female managers 30.5% by 2027 less than 2 major reportable data breaches and cyber security incidents per year science-based emissions reduction target by 2030 all customers deploying ifs in the cloud sustainability hub v2.0 launch by end 2023 ifs education program to reach 150 institutions by 2025 csr day 10% use in 2022 wind turbines in a field at sunset airport interior with people walking a farmer in a field materiality assessment in q4 2021, we conducted a materiality assessment and identified the esg topics where we can have the most impact and are most important to our stakeholders.
the assessment included surveys to business leadership, our investors, customers, and suppliers, which scored the importance of esg topics.
the results were a key input to our strategy.
following the assessment, the top issues for ifs stakeholders were focused on governance and human capital.
these were ranked as follows: 1. human rights, including anti-slavery 2. privacy protection 3. valued customer relations 4. information security, cybersecurity, and system availability 5. business innovation 6. workforce diversity and inclusion 7. risk and crisis management 8. human capital development 9. ethical business conduct 10. labor practice indicators in 2022, we have improved our esg data capture and measurement processes, and we keep track of our progress with regular reporting to the board, quarterly monitoring by the esg steering committee esg steerco , and our annual disclosure in our sustainability report.
key targets in response to the findings of the materiality assessment, as well as in anticipation of esg-related regulation, we have established some key targets.
setting ambitious sustainability goals is a critical part of delivering on our strategy and embedding it within the business.
in 2022, we have improved our esg data capture and measurement processes, and we keep track of our progress with regular reporting to the board, quarterly monitoring by the esg steering committee esg steerco , and our annual disclosure in our sustainability report.
ifs education program: 99 institutions engaged female managers: for the percentage of the group's female executives, directors, officers, and managers collectively known as people managers , we have targeted an increase to 30.5% by year-end 2027. data breaches and cyber security incidents: we have set a target of less than two major reportable data breaches and cyber incidents per year.
ifs education program: we want to expand our education partnerships to 150 institutions globally over the next 3 years.
csr days: we wanted to have at least 10% of our employees using their csr day in 2022. carbon neutrality: we want to achieve carbon neutrality across our operations by 2025. table: year-over-year progress target: female managers %, 2021 status: 28.1%, 2022 status: 28.26% target: number of data breaches, 2021 status: 0, 2022 status: 0 target: number of educational institutions engaged cumulative , 2021 status: 50, 2022 status: 99 target: number of csr days, 2021 status: 156 4.07% of employees , 2022 status: 570 12.39% of employees target: carbon neutrality, 2021 status: in 2021, we completed exercises including a calculation of our group emissions for scope 1, 2 location and market based and 3 emissions., 2022 status: we have submitted a commitment letter to the science-based targets initiative and created a decarbonization roadmap.
\ "reportable event" means any major security incident resulting in: 1 loss of customer, employee or financial data outside of the group; 2 major business and operational disruption to services as a direct result of such cyber incident; and 3 financial loss, in each case as a result of a ransomware or other major cyberattack, and which the group is obligated to report to the relevant regulator.
\ \ percentage calculated based on the average number of employees in the period.
please see kpi definitions on page 28 for further information.
external standards and frameworks un global compact signatory we are proud to be a signatory to the un global compact, which acts as a framework and guidance for all businesses and companies to support in defining a sustainability strategy and provides a universal language for corporate responsibility.
for more information on the compact please refer to unglobalcompact.org.
our support of the united nation's sustainable development goals in addition to our commitment to the un global compact, ifs is proud to support the un's sustainable development goals sdgs . adopted globally, the sdgs are a universal call to action to end poverty, protect the planet, and ensure that by 2030 all people enjoy peace and prosperity.
key sdgs we have identified five key sdgs most relevant to our business and sector, based on our sphere of impact and materiality to our key stakeholders: good health and well-being sdg 3 quality education sdg 4 industry, innovation and infrastructure sdg 9 reduced inequalities sdg 10 climate action sdg 13 find out more about our sdg's contributions in the case studies in this report.
gri and sasb our sustainability report has been prepared with reference to the updated gri standards and sasb.
the selection of the material topics is based on the materiality assessment conducted in 2021 and our current priorities and targets.
governance our commitment to building a sustainable business begins at the top and is embedded throughout the entire company.
sustainability is governed by a quarterly esg steerco, chaired by our chief sustainability and talent officer and managed by the esg director.
this steerco includes executives and colleagues with direct responsibility for elements of the esg agenda to enable regular updates on progress and top-level support.
during 2022, the steerco's agenda covered our decarbonization strategy, tcfd and science-based targets initiative sbti , as well as diversity and inclusion, esg product development, kpis and reporting standards.
each key area has a workstream lead who directly works with the esg director to provide quarterly updates to a wider group.
case study: new sustainability training in q4 2022, we developed custom “sustainability at ifs” training designed to educate our colleagues on our sustainability initiatives and bring them along our journey.
the training contains modules dedicated to our focus esg areas.
it gives an overview of the sustainability agenda, covers ifs multi-year strategy for sustainability and shares action points that can help our colleagues become more sustainable.
our approach governance level: board/board-level committee, update frequency: annual, key responsibilities: approving direction of business on sustainability; balancing interests of stakeholders; upskilling of board on sustainability governance level: steerco, update frequency: quarterly, key responsibilities: internal senior leadership oversight and direction; ensuring alignment with business strategy and resourcing governance level: sustainability bps, update frequency: monthly, key responsibilities: activating the sustainability strategy within the business and supporting its advancement; receiving training and objectives related to sustainability governance level: sustainability team, key responsibilities: coordinating delivery of sustainability strategy, risk management, communication and disclosures; serving as the center of expertise for the business on sustainability governance level: working groups, update frequency: biweekly or as needed, key responsibilities: progressing specific projects aligned to strategy e.grams., esg project innovation, carbon footprint, annual report, marketing governance level: partners/third parties, key responsibilities: providing specialist expertise and resources; supporting execution and specific projects; offering an independent viewpoint and assurance table end.
sustainability highlights 2022 key highlights in 2022, we continued to build on efforts to progress within our sustainability journey, working on multiple initiatives across our three main pillars.
in 2022, ifs completed its first ecovadis group assessment, obtaining the bronze medal at a global level.
in previous years, some of our local markets such as benelux, canada, france and sweden were assessed individually and achieved bronze and silver medals.
ifs has set the target of achieving a gold medal score by 2025 globally and has prepared an action plan based on the gaps identified in this first assessment.
ecovadis the ecovadis platform scores companies based on environmental, labor and human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement criteria.
it is used by companies to assess their sustainability performance and support with supply chain management.
our approach excellence in our business committed to set science-based target for emissions reduction 100% certified renewable electricity across our facilities launched the lgbtq+ ifs employee resource group and our transitioning policy published first un global compact cop publication achieved bronze ifs group ecovadis certification supporting our customers fs sustainability hub's carbon footprint tool launched for scope 1 and 2, pilot customers providing feedback 2000+ customers and partners attended esg & sustainability sessions at unleashed growth of ifs cloud, 52-79% more energy efficient than compute equivalents ifs change for good customer awards making a broader impact collaborated with 99 educational institutions 265% increase in volunteering csr days by our employees compared to 2021 hosted 6 events with lewis pugh, un patron of the oceans and ifs sustainability ambassador in 2022 continued our partnership with the ifs foundation, contributing to projects such as the construction of a computer lab in rural sri lanka awards award: top women in saas, category: top women in saas, status: won award: sustainability leadership award, category: sustainability leadership award, status: won award: fortress cybersecurity award, category: fortress cybersecurity award, status: won award: sustainable vendor of the year, category: sustainable vendor of the year, status: shortlisted award: sustainability excellence award, category: sustainability excellence award, status: shortlisted table end.
\ we used 100% renewable electricity across our operations, successfully covering all of our non-renewable electricity volumes via green tariffs or energy attributes certificates eacs , except for our sri lanka volumes 2,253 megawatt-hours , as no eacs were available in the 2022 period in this market.
our tcfd journey we are committed to implementing the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd to better understand the risks and opportunities that climate change presents to our business.
in 2022, we undertook our first steps towards tcfd alignment.
tcfd recommendations tcfd was established in 2015 by the financial stability board to help identify the information needed by investors, lenders, and insurance underwriters to assess and price climate-related risks and opportunities.
the tcfd recommendations are focused on enhancing market transparency and enabling the efficient allocation of capital in the transition to a low-carbon economy as envisioned by the paris agreement.
the tcfd recommendations fall into four key areas: governance strategy risk management metrics and targets our approach to tcfd we started our alignment with the tcfd framework, implementing our first steps in 2022. we conducted a climate exposure analysis with internal stakeholders in areas such as internal audit, procurement, facilities, marketing, research & development, and data centers & infrastructure, which resulted in a heatmap illustrating the relative exposure of ifs against tcfd's 16 identified climate-related risks and opportunities.
ifs tcfd roadmap a diagram illustrating the steps in the ifs tcfd roadmap: internal risk & opportunities analysis → climate scenario modelling → integration into risk management process → full tcfd aligned disclosure.
heatmap analysis this heatmap table shows the relative exposure of ifs against tcfd's 16 identified climate-related risks, with 25.0 being the maximum exposure level.
table: climate-related issues and exposure levels climate-related issues: average increased severity of extreme weather events such as cyclones and floods, exposure level: 15.95 climate-related issues: average changes in precipitation patterns and extreme variability in weather patterns, exposure level: 15.53 climate-related issues: average rising mean temperatures, exposure level: 15.01 climate-related issues: average increased stakeholder concern or negative stakeholder feedback, exposure level: 14.95 climate-related issues: average substitution of existing products and services with lower emissions options, exposure level: 13.59 climate-related issues: average score for increased pricing of greenhouse gas emissions, exposure level: 12.63 climate-related issues: average enhanced emissions-reporting obligations, exposure level: 12.59 climate-related issues: average changing customer behavior, exposure level: 11.73 climate-related issues: average rising sea levels, exposure level: 11.72 climate-related issues: average shifts in consumer preferences, exposure level: 10.94 climate-related issues: average increased cost of raw materials, exposure level: 10.55 climate-related issues: average uncertainty in market signals, exposure level: 10.00 climate-related issues: average costs to transition to lower emissions technology, exposure level: 9.33 climate-related issues: average mandates on and regulation of existing products and services, exposure level: 8.20 climate-related issues: average unsuccessful investment in new technologies, exposure level: 7.71 climate-related issues: average stigmatization of sector, exposure level: 6.90 table end.
three out of four climate-related issues with a high exposure level are physical risks: including increased severity of extreme weather events, changes to precipitation patterns and rising mean temperatures.
these risks are pushed into the high exposure category due to very high average probability scores combined with high impact scores.
another risk identified is increased stakeholder concern or negative stakeholder feedback due to the rising interest in esg and corporate sustainability.
in terms of opportunities, potential enhanced emissions-reporting obligations, site efficiencies and new products and services were identified as the most applicable to ifs as a software technology company.
next steps in 2023, we will be conducting a detailed climate scenario analysis, modelling the risks and opportunities under projected 2°c and 4°c warming scenarios.
an analytical and modelling-based scenario analysis is a key recommendation of tcfd, which allows a company to understand and quantify the risks and uncertainties it may face under different hypothetical futures.
2. excellence in our business we work consistently on improving our operational sustainability performance as we aim for excellence across our business.
we are committed to leading by example and, as a global employer, we adhere to global frameworks, regulations and best practices that support our strategy and ambitions.
table: contents section: excellence in our business, page number: 11 section: environmental impact, page number: 12 section: diversity and inclusion, page number: 14 section: employee wellbeing, page number: 16 section: human rights and anti-corruption, page number: 17 section: ifs cyber security and privacy, page number: 18 section: tax strategy, page number: 19 section: sustainability risk management, page number: 20 table end.
environmental impact addressing climate change is an urgent and complex challenge.
it requires a fundamental transformation of the global economy, so that society stops adding to the total amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
the technology sector has a critical role to play in supporting the economy to reach this goal.
at ifs, we are determined to play our part.
in 2021, we announced our ambition to become carbon-neutral across our operations by 2025. in 2022, we took strides forward on our commitment, continued progress on carbon removal, and improved our methodologies and measurement of emissions across the company.
we will continue to further refine how we measure and approach these categories as we move forward.
emissions we measure and report on our greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions through a global energy management system.
ifs's preparation of carbon footprint data is based on the greenhouse gas protocol scope 1, scope 2 guidance and the corporate value chain scope 3 . in alignment with the greenhouse gas protocol scope 2 guidance, we report our net carbon emissions based on two different calculation approaches: the location-based method and the market-based method.
our global combined scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions in 2022 were 22,054 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, of which the majority 92% were scope 3 emissions.
a detailed table showing how much of our data is based on estimates can be found in the annex section of this report.
table: greenhouse gas emissions measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes emissions measure: scope 1, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 302, 2022: 248 emissions measure: scope 2 market based , unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 1,082, 2022: 1,494 emissions measure: scope 2 location based , unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 2,454, 2022: 2,093 emissions measure: scope 3, unit: measures carbon dioxide equivalent across various operational scopes, 2021 : 17,819, 2022: 20,312 table end.
2021 volume was revised and adjusted due to changes in the measurement methodologies and emission factor correction.
this has resulted in lower emissions than previously reported.
scope definitions scope 1: refers to direct carbon emissions and is defined as emissions from sources that are owned by the organization as well as leased offices.
at ifs, this covers fuels and refrigerants used to run heating and cooling systems across the global real estate portfolio.
scope 2: refers to indirect carbon emissions and is defined as emissions from the consumption of purchased electricity, or other sources of energy generated upstream from the organization.
we use the market-based method to calculate the scope 2 emissions, covering energy consumption across the global real estate portfolio.
scope 3: refers to other indirect carbon emissions and is defined as emissions that are a consequence of operations of an organization but are not directly owned or controlled by the organization.
scope 3 emissions are divided into upstream and downstream emissions, and the following emissions categories are covered by scope 3 at ifs: business travel capital goods employee commuting purchased goods and services 100% renewable electricity across our operations decarbonization strategy our decarbonization strategy focuses on the following three areas: reduce: conduct operations more efficiently: energy efficiency assessment of facilities, moving to more efficient sites, reducing business travel, using a network of sustainability business partners to drive reduction through the business.
replace: switch from carbon-intensive energy to low-carbon sources: including energy attribute certificate eac purchase for renewable electricity and consideration of greener alternatives such as biogas for heating and cooling.
engage: engage with customers and suppliers to drive transition to a low-carbon economy: including product carbon footprint and engagement with customers and suppliers.
renewable energy in 2022, we made further progress on our goal of carbon neutrality by using 100% renewable electricity . type of electricity: renewable, unit: %, 2021: 63 , 2022: 100 table end.
we used 100% renewable electricity across our operations, successfully covering all of our non-renewable electricity volumes via green tariffs or energy attributes certificates eacs , except for our sri lanka volumes 2,253 megawatt-hours , as no eacs were available in the 2022 period in this market.
renewable energy percentage for 2021 was revised and adjusted to account for a correction to energy usage volumes in this period.
this resulted in a lower percentage than previously reported.
case study: science-based targets initiative we aim to set ambitious goals to address climate change challenges.
as part of this ambition, we have committed to the science-based targets initiative sbti which requires us to clearly define the pathway we will take to reduce our emissions.
ifs is committed to taking climate action and has submitted a near-term, company-wide target to the sbti for validation.
the sbti is a partnership between cdp, the united nations global compact, world resources institute wri and the world wide fund for nature wwf . sbti not only defines and promotes best practice in emissions reductions and net-zero targets, but also provides technical assistance and expert resources to companies who set science-based targets in line with the latest climate science.
property portfolio strategy at ifs, when selecting new premises, sustainability and energy performance credentials are considered as a material factor.
these include elements such as epc ratings and other reliable building certifications such as leed or bream.
in 2022, we have successfully opened four new sustainable office buildings.
office footprint reduction with ifs's hybrid working arrangement, a further footprint reduction of 17% total of 115,400 sq.
ft of the overall global real estate portfolio was achieved during 2022. responsible consumption at ifs, waste management is part of our commitment to responsible consumption.
globally, our facilities feature a comprehensive recycling system where employees are encouraged to follow the ethos of reduce, re-use, recycle across the whole real estate portfolio.
our staines office in the uk continues to be zero to landfill with 21.55% waste being recycled.
the remaining 78.45% of its waste is described as energy from waste efw , which is put back into the national grid.
we understand that there is still room for improvement, and we strive to further expand our efforts within this sustainability area across our other global locations.
waste-to-landfill: 0% diversity and inclusion at ifs, we are committed to promoting an inclusive, diverse, and respectful culture to bring out the very best of our global workforce and to encourage creativity and innovation to flourish.
we maintain a culture where all employees feel recognized and valued for their differences.
a working environment fueled by employees of different backgrounds, skills, experiences, and knowledge directly contributes to greater innovation and creativity.
our strategy to diversity and inclusion at ifs centers around 5 core themes: employee representation, employee experience, talent lifecycle, leadership involvement, and external influence.
by ensuring all initiatives and actions fit under at least one of these themes, we maintain the scope of our diversity and inclusion work while ensuring it has a tangible, measurable impact on the business.
we continuously strive to improve, whether this includes celebrating awareness days, reviewing and developing supporting policies or training opportunities.
we understand that there is always room for improvement, and we aspire to do more in 2023. gender diversity technology is still a male-dominated industry, and ifs is taking action to change this reality.
we work towards enabling women to establish their careers in technology and thrive through additional opportunities.
at ifs, 35% of employees are women, 17% above the industry average.
1 we want employees to feel encouraged to bring their whole selves to work, and we have established targets that help us shape our strategy around gender diversity.
2022 diversity statistics category: employees, female: 34.77%, male: 65.20% category: managers, female: 28.26%, male: 71.74% category: board members, female: 40.00%, male: 60.00% category: non-binary or undisclosed employees, female: 0.04% category: non-binary or undisclosed managers, female: 0% category: non-binary or undisclosed board members, female: 0% table end.
data is calculated as a point-in-time average of the actual number of female managers at each quarter-end in the year 2022. board members that are non-executive directors.
case study: ifs pride and transitioning policy 2022 saw a focus around lgbtq+ support and visibility.
the company celebrated pride 2022 globally and used pride month in june to show support for lgbtq+ colleagues, encourage allyship, launch a global transitioning policy, and further educate our employees.
the ifs global transitioning policy aims to support employees throughout their transition and to support both employee and manager through the process.
this was additionally supported by inviting employees to share their pronouns in their email signatures.
not only does this normalize using correct pronouns and the importance of creating the opportunity to share them, but it also helps to support the development of an open, accepting culture.
training was offered to all colleagues covering modules such as understanding pronouns, supporting co-workers during their transition, gender identity vs. sexual orientation, and supporting employees coming out at work.
internal communications around pride month also featured thought leadership from our chief human resources officer and the announcement of an lgbtq+ employee resource group, which was launched in october.
ifs also celebrated lgbtq+ history month locally, using the opportunity to share spotlights on historical figures.
1 g7 average performance: female share of employment in the technology industry is 30%.
women in work.
pwc, 2020 . diversity and inclusion continued diversity awareness days at ifs, we use awareness days as opportunities to celebrate diversity, launch supporting initiatives, and educate our employees.
in 2022, ifs was proud to celebrate a number of diversity awareness days, including international women's day, black history month, lgbtq+ history month, international men's day, and others.
by celebrating these days, we not only open a dialogue to show appreciation for these communities but also explore opportunities to support them further.
image of diverse ifs employees employee engagement building and maintaining an engaged workforce is a key priority.
this means seeking, listening to, and acting on employee feedback.
we regularly provide opportunities for our employees to voice their thoughts and opinions on how we can improve the employee experience through various channels, including our pulse surveys.
measuring our success: key heartbeat results ifs measures success by circulating the heartbeat survey to all employees three times a year.
this short and regular survey allows us to measure employee engagement throughout the year and helps us tailor surveys to specific themes while maintaining a list of consistent questions.
overall, the october pulse survey received a 91% global participation rate and saw employee engagement increase from 8.1 in april 2022 to 8.2 in october.
we are celebrating and working to maintain the success of our top drivers while addressing our bottom drivers with reviews by function and team as part of our 2023 strategy.
participation rate: 91% engagement score enps : 40 engagement score eei : 8.2 top drivers: peer relationships: 8.9 management support: 8.9 organizational fit: 8.7 bottom drivers: growth: 8.0 workload: 7.8 reward: 7.2 in 2022, ifs was proud to celebrate a number of diversity awareness days, including international women's day, black history month, lgbtq+ history month, international men's day, and others.
ifs pulse survey image employee wellbeing a healthy and safe working environment is key to employee wellbeing.
ifs is committed to ensuring that mental and physical support is provided to employees across the business.
our opportunities and resources vary from country to country, and we continue to review the resources on offer globally to support our employees.
in 2022, we refreshed our global wellbeing curriculums, which provide bitesize, accessible training modules to facilitate good health and wellbeing practices.
at ifs, we offer two customized curriculums: one for managers and one for employees.
managers courses include training to build resilience in teams, cultivate workplace culture and how to recognize when an employee is struggling.
the employee curriculum offers learning modules on sleep, diet and exercise as well as stress management, remote working and communication.
we believe that by encouraging practical, easy to implement habits, employees are empowered to prioritize their wellbeing and build a better understanding of their individual needs.
global employee assistance program in may, we launched a global employee assistance program eap . this program looks to offer additional levels of support to our employees worldwide and their family members.
the confidential, easily accessible service provides support 24/7 on multiple issues including family issues, medical information, stress & anxiety and bereavement.
the service is offered in the local language and connects employees to local resources.
excluding us, canada and uk case study: mental health, asia pacific and japan at ifs, the let's talk program was implemented in 2020 and has been run annually since across the asia-pacific region.
the program focuses on building a more connected, caring, and collaborative culture through a structured approach to open communication.
volunteers support colleagues by using the talk method: tell when something might be going on acknowledge any concerns listen with intent keep in touch with ongoing support in 2022, ifs sponsored a further 16 employees to go through the training, bringing the total number to 49 since the program’s launch.
case study: mental health first aiders mhfas , uk we offer employees the opportunity to train as mental health first aiders mhfa as an additional level of support to promote good health and wellbeing among employees.
mhfa not only acts as a first point of contact when employees experience a mental health or emotional issue, but also directs them to internal and external support resources.
following from the initial cohort of seven mhfa, three additional colleagues have joined their ranks in 2022. case study: global get fit challenge in may, we ran the 2022 global get fit challenge.
building on the success of 2021, the global get fit challenge encouraged employees to set themselves a fitness challenge over the course of a week.
employees took part globally through cycling and running.
the challenge was amplified by a communications campaign highlighting employees and their favorite activities, providing insight into how they got started and tips they had for others.
in addition to being an opportunity to engage in conversation around the benefits of exercise, the challenge provided a fundraising opportunity for the ifs foundation through participant sponsorship.
case study: bikeathon in sri lanka at ifs, we know that our minds and bodies are connected as they both play an integral part in our overall wellbeing.
we also believe that reducing the stigma of seeking help for mental health is vital.
in 2022, ifs sponsored the “1333 bikeathon” in sri lanka.
the bikeathon is a 1,333 kilometer bike ride around sri lanka aimed to raise awareness of the 1333 toll-free crisis support line to help prevent suicide and promote mental health.
heartbeat survey – wellbeing in order to better understand our colleagues and their needs, the employee engagement survey specifically addresses health and wellbeing as part of its agenda.
in october, we scored 8.2 across the business.
even though this demonstrates that our efforts are being valued by ifs community, there is still room for improvement.
ifs will work further on expanding these efforts in 2023. human rights employees 79% of employees completed e-learning in anti-corruption protecting essential rights with regards to dignity, fairness, respect, and equality is one of our commitments at ifs.
all employees and business partners are expected to fully comply with the universal declaration of human rights.
we are dedicated to putting into practice the un guiding principles on business and human rights, as signatories to the un global compact.
in 2022, we published our first un global compact communication on progress, which is a key component of a company’s commitment.
ifs’s operations respect human rights, including the international labor organization core conventions pertaining to labor conditions, and the company works to ensure they are respected by its partners.
we do not accept any form of forced labor, child labor, or discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.
we also refrain from any transaction where a risk exists that human rights will be neglected and where the company assesses that the risks will not be managed in line with the un’s framework for business and human rights.
ifs continues to work with relevant work councils globally ensuring visibility of planned actions as appropriate.
this includes process or policy change to ensure continued support and engagement with local employee populations.
date: 01/02/2023 revision: 1 owner: kate bishop approved by: audit committee the ifs code of conduct is based on the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the united nations, the un global compact, the oecd guidelines for multinational enterprises, the international labor organization’s conventions and recommendations, and the swedish corporate governance code.
at ifs, we expect all our employees and suppliers to respect our employee code of conduct and supplier’s code of conduct.
modern slavery act ifs acknowledges our responsibility to comply with all relevant legislation including the uk modern slavery act 2015. in accordance with the requirements of the act, we release an annual ifs group statement on modern slavery, which outlines the actions we have taken in seeking to identify and address the risks of modern slavery and human trafficking in our operations, supply chain, and customer and client relationships.
anti-corruption at ifs, we have a zero-tolerance policy toward corruption.
we are committed to complying with all applicable anti-corruption laws and we use recommendations issued by industry and regulatory bodies to guide our compliance program, as well as legally binding standards set by the oecd anti-bribery convention.
all employees undertake compulsory training on anti-bribery and corruption and employees who are exposed to higher risk are trained regularly in line with a set training plan.
as a part of the on-boarding process, employees are required to complete training on anti-corruption, fraud and money laundering.
between 2020 and 2022, 3,975 employees 79% completed e-learning in anti-corruption and 3,042 60% employees completed e-learning in compliance with the uk criminal finances act.
whistleblowing our whistleblowing platform enables employees and business partners to anonymously raise concerns regarding actual or suspected serious wrongdoings within the group.
the system is hosted by an external and independent third party and gives the whistleblower the possibility to follow the status of the case.
the whistleblower function is managed by a cross-functional team of senior staff.
ifs applies zero tolerance for retaliation against anyone who reports wrongdoings in good faith.
sustainable procurement we are committed to facilitating an ethical supply chain where modern slavery, human rights, and environmental considerations are integrated into our supplier due diligence and management.
we also hold suppliers to our code of conduct as well as ifs supplier sustainability policy, which applies to all suppliers globally.
ifs cyber security and privacy image description: circuit board image ifs uses a range of robust cyber security protective measures, based on industry best practice.
as cyber threats are dynamic, our approach to cyber security is proactive and under continual review.
at ifs, we take time to reach out directly to our customers and colleagues, so that we can clearly understand and respond to their needs and expectations.
we have not experienced any major reportable data breaches in the last 4 years.
in 2022, we worked on several key initiatives that helped us to further enhance our cyber security and privacy commitments: 1. strengthened phishing defenses icon description: bug icon phishing emails remain one of the largest threats for all organizations and is the most common way in which a ransomware attack is started.
one of the main aspects of our risk mitigation is the procurement and implementation of a machine learning-based tool.
this new defense system identifies and automatically remediates any threats by blocking malicious emails, nullifying their malicious links.
this initiative strengthens our past security awareness program run each month to test our colleague's response rate to phishing emails via a phishing simulation tool.
2. overhaul of incident response plan and playbooks icon description: checkmark icon in 2022, we performed a full bottom-up review of our incident response plan to ensure that the company is well prepared to handle a major security or data protection incident.
building upon low level technical playbooks, the activity has strengthened our approach in line with industry best practice taken from both iso 27035 and the experience of other organizations who have been involved in such incidents.
to test the effectiveness of these changes we ran two major incident simulations to ensure that our processes are practical, effective and well-communicated.
3. network micro-segmentation icon description: network diagram icon as part of our further protection against a ransomware attach, we strategically isolated our critical resources and services by establishing network segmentation.
once a threat actor has compromised a user's account using a phishing attack and established a persistent foothold on a network, their next primary objective is to move laterally across the network, elevating user permissions as they attempt to access higher value assets.
the importance of network micro-segmentation is that it significantly reduces the opportunity for the threat actor to move across the network, reducing their ability to do further harm to the internal services and information.
4. increased automation of threat remediation icon description: soc icon in 2022, we have increased the effectiveness of our threat remediation processes, reducing their potential impact upon our networks, services and users.
additionally, these efforts enabled ifs to demonstrate a proactive threat hunting model, allowing us to monitor global threat intelligence resources and seek out risks before they are exploited.
the speed of response in addressing detected security risks was key to minimizing the adverse impact they have upon our systems and networks.
the approach therefore was to increase the level of automated remediation using remediation scripts and services linked to the security monitoring and detection tools within our security operations centre soc . this allowed us to lower our meantime to detect, contain and remediate such events, with averages now down to minutes.
image description: laptop keyboard image data breaches: zero we have not experienced any major reportable data breaches in the last 4 years.
18 ifs sustainability report 2022 tax strategy group approach to tax we are committed to complying with all tax laws and regulations in the territories in which we operate, while also maintaining open and constructive relationships with tax authorities.
the publication of this ifs tax strategy complies with the duty specified in paragraph 16 2 of schedule 19 publication of tax strategies in finance act 2016. this strategy covers the application of uk legislation to the operations of ifs and our relationship with her majesty's revenue and customs hmrc . it is published on behalf of our uk companies for the year ended 31 december 2022. the ifs group is committed to: following all applicable laws and regulations relating to its tax activities.
maintaining an open and honest relationship with the tax authorities based on collaboration and integrity.
ensuring that the tax strategy adopted is consistent with the group's overall strategy.
applying diligence and care in our management of tax risks and ensuring that our tax governance is appropriate.
using tax incentives and reliefs to minimize the tax cost of conducting our business while ensuring that these reliefs are not used for purposes which are knowingly contradictory to the intent of the legislation.
tax risk management ifs group actively seeks to identify, evaluate, monitor, and manage tax risks.
we are committed to correctly applying the tax legislation to our business operations having our communities in mind, and we intend to conduct our tax affairs to the highest standards and to comply with all applicable anti-bribery, money laundering and anti-tax evasion legislation.
internal controls and escalation procedures are put in place with the aim of identifying, quantifying, and managing key tax risks as well as ensuring compliance with the global head of accountings rules.
the group audit & risk committee oversees ifs's tax control environment through the regular review of the tax strategy.
appropriate training is carried out for staff who manage or process tax matters.
we recognize that tax legislation can be complex and sometimes subject to interpretation and this uncertainty could give rise to tax risk.
where there is uncertainty in how the relevant tax law should be applied, external advice is sought to support the group's decision-making process.
we may also look to engage with global tax authorities “tax authorities” to disclose and resolve issues, risks, and uncertain tax positions.
we are committed to correctly applying the tax legislation to our business operations having our communities in mind, and we will continue to conduct our tax affairs to the highest standards.
tax governance ifs's chief financial officer cfo has executive responsibility for tax matters, while the ultimate responsibility for tax strategy and compliance rests with the group board.
they work towards ensuring that the appropriate framework is in place to oversee the identification and management of tax risk.
day-to-day management of tax affairs is delegated to the global head of treasury and tax for corporate income tax, vat and withholding tax, and with the chief human resources officer for employment tax.
they are supported by local finance and payroll teams who work on an integrated basis to identify and manage tax risks utilizing their combined knowledge of operations and law.
the group cfo, together with the global head of treasury and tax and chief human resources officer, conduct regular assessments on significant tax developments and participates in all material tax-related decisions.
sustainability risk management as a global enterprise software solutions company, ifs carries low environmental, social, and governance risks.
to ensure responsible and transparent practices, we continue to integrate esg factors into business and risk management processes.
in 2022, climate-related risks were added to our internal risk management registry, and we evaluated how ifs's operations directly or indirectly impact the surroundings negatively in respect of business ethics, corruption, climate and the environment, human rights and labor conditions.
we identified 12 esg-related risks concerning the business and our specific esg kpis and implemented individual control strategies and mitigation processes.
the group's most significant operational environmental impact is energy consumption from its office premises, business travel, fleet, purchasing of office material, and handling of used computer hardware.
in all these areas there are ongoing initiatives to reduce the company's environmental impact, for instance through technology that enables remote work and virtual meetings, minimizing travel, as well as sensors that regulate power supply in the offices, reduction in the volume of fleet cars and ensuring existing fleet schemes offer cars with lower emissions and smart solutions that minimize paper waste like central cloud printing.
other impacts identified by ifs are related to human and labor rights, anti-slavery, diversity and inclusion, and anti-corruption.
our ongoing initiatives and controls in these areas are described in this report under the compliance trainings, diversity and inclusion, and human rights sections.
ifs adopted the precautionary principle as a general risk management rule, for both significant environmental and social risks.
this means in the face of material adverse consequences, lack of conclusive evidence or certainty is not a reason for inaction or for taking reasonable measures to avoid such potential consequences when there is a reasonable alternative path forward which can avoid such negative outcomes.
proactively managing risk is an important part of ifs's business.
ifs's measures to manage those risks are subject to national and international regulations and guidelines, along with the company's owner instruction, pertaining to anti-corruption, climate and environmental consideration, human rights and labor conditions.
in 2022, we expanded the scope of our externally audited sustainability kpis, increasing their number from two in 2021 to six in 2022. ifs appointed ey to perform limited assurance over the following kpis: % of renewable energy in ifs operations see page 13 % of group's female managers see page 14 % of women within the organization's board see page 14 number of data breaches see page 18 % of employees who have taken csr leave see page 26 number of anti-bribery and corruption training participants see this page each kpi definition can be found in the annex section of this report.
ey provided a limited audit report in accordance with the international standard on assurance engagements isae 3000 assurance standard.
compliance trainings we are committed to quality training and education for all our employees and, to support this, we partnered with a digital learning platform to provide courses that instruct employees across all levels and divisions.
employees are required to retake courses on a regular basis and after content updates.
table: employees who completed compulsory training between 2020 and 2022 course: international fraud, bribery, and corruption, number and % of total: 3,975 79% course: data privacy, general data protection regulation gdpr , and information security, number and % of total: 3,423 68% course: office safety and ergonomics, number and % of total: 637 13% course: modern slavery, number and % of total: 3,837 76% course: criminal finance act, number and % of total: 3,042 60% course: unconscious bias, number and % of total: 3,227 64% table end.
a photo showing employees at work in an office.
a photo showing employees at work in an office.
unconscious bias: 64% of ifs employees completed the unconscious bias training.
supporting our customers we recognize the impact that technology can have in empowering our customers, and the industries that we work with, to achieve their sustainability goals and commitments.
table of contents: section: supporting our customers, page: 21 section: esg and sustainability product strategy, page: 22 section: ifs solution areas, page: 23 section: change for good awards, page: 23 table end.
esg and sustainability product strategy sustainability is embedded in the core of ifs products, for example through support of remanufacturing processes and circular economy principles, as well as route optimization technology that promotes more responsible methods of production, consumption and doing business.
in 2021, we formally established esg as a product area to further support customers with their broader sustainability goals and bring a cohesive esg strategy to our product.
as climate change is a complex and global problem, greater value chain visibility is integral in tackling this problem through an improved engagement with all aspects of esg performance.
2022 was a foundation year for our esg product strategy as we defined a pathway to our vision, which is focused on enabling our customers to exceed their sustainability goals.
through engagement with our customers, we identified three strategic focus areas that guide our overall product strategy: 1. esg disclosure to assist customers with their growing esg disclosure needs, we have a new product area for esg, with the following product development: ifs cloud sustainability planner: this product development is available in the microsoft teams store, allowing users to collect information, using templates, from multiple stakeholders within their organizations.
ifs cloud emissions tracker: our custom scope 1 and 2 organizational carbon footprint calculator.
at ifs, we often heard from our customers that obtaining emissions data for esg disclosures is complex and time consuming.
that is why we decided to develop a carbon emissions management tool.
this new technology aims to help customers to effectively manage their impact on climate change and easily start their esg reporting journeys.
going forward, we intend to expand to include scope 3. ifs cloud sustainability hub: to support customers with esg measurement and disclosure, this product focuses on esg data as it is often the most common esg challenge that organizations face.
in our initial phase we will focus on the automation of esg from ifs cloud as a core system of record, and in further phases expanding to third party data as comprehensive esg data management requires consolidating data across many disparate sources.
2. lifecycle we aim to promote collaboration across the ifs solution areas to bring enhanced value chain transparency among our customers.
this will allow them to gain a deeper insight into their broader environmental and social footprints.
as climate change is a complex and global problem, greater value chain visibility is integral in tackling this problem through an improved engagement with all aspects of esg performance.
3. efficiency as part of our customer-centric approach, we continuously assess how to further utilize and innovate to help our customers operate more efficiently.
this pillar focuses on leveraging the role of technology in enabling organizations to increase their overall efficiency.
our 2023 roadmap our 2023 roadmap will help us engage with our customers on sustainability.
ifs continues to enhance its carbon emissions management tool to leverage automated data collection, as well as expand on the emissions categories supported.
as part of our roadmap, we will also focus on esg disclosure capability, which tackles one of the main challenges that our customers currently face: the difficulty of effectively automating and consolidating esg data management across the business.
: a dashboard showing various charts and graphs related to carbon emissions.
ifs solution areas in 2022, we held a sustainability spotlight initiative to uncover and promote sustainability across multiple ifs solutions areas.
hcm ifs cloud hcm allows insights into diversity and inclusion, pay equity, workplace safety, and other aspects of the workforce.
manufacturing ifs cloud for manufacturing supports the shift from a linear to a circular economy.
it offers tools for waste reduction, ecological footprint management, and repairing.
artificial intelligence and machine learning the machine learning capabilities in ifs cloud provide our customers with insights on their data and aid decision-making around sustainability challenges.
change for good awards we use our voice to advocate for change across industry and society.
one of the key examples is our ifs change for good sustainability awards program, which strives to champion customers who are leading the charge in adopting sustainable initiatives.
the engagement with customers on sustainability helps us better understand their needs and develop a dialogue on sustainability that can influence our product development.
in 2022, we received customer nominations from around the globe.
our judging panel included un patron of the oceans lewis pugh, president of digital leaders and ifs board member jacqueline de rojas and ian gillott, managing director of wrightbus.
table: ifs change for good awards winners 2022 company: cape air, category: transformation company: technogroup, category: innovation company: tucson, category: social impact company: volvo, category: ifs tech table end.
case study: volvo group circular operations & solutions halving emissions and using just 20% of the energy required for new part manufacture, volvo group circular operations & solutions was the 2022 winner of our ‘best use of ifs technology in a sustainability initiative’ category in the ifs change for good awards.
one of the main ways that ifs technology is helping volvo is by maximizing the value chain within the remanufacturing plants.
"we want to create the highest possible salvage grade products for customers.
by visualizing historic data in ifs, we can see the optimum remanufacturing processes that should be applied, and necessary new components needed, to maximize quality and efficiency," says andreas gustafsson, vp of circular operations & solutions.
4. making a broader impact at ifs, we constantly strive for good corporate citizenship as we gain greater outreach and impact on a global level through our activities.
annex ifs foundation: 25 ifs education program: 26 volunteering: 26 ifs foundation we harness the global fundraising potential of ifs for our charity of choice, the ifs foundation.
the ifs foundation is a group of independent charities established to reduce poverty in rural sri lanka, investing in projects to address access to clean water, sanitation, healthcare, education and employment opportunities.
over the course of 2022, we have facilitated fundraising opportunities through promotion at our world conference, unleashed and through opportunities such as payroll donations and other events.
employees and other local entities were also encouraged to raise funds for causes close to their hearts.
although we encourage fundraising for our charity of choice, we celebrate the generosity of employees in supporting local causes.
case study: computer lab in welusumanapura education is vital in helping to break the poverty cycle.
many children, particularly girls, can struggle to access adequate education to secure the skills they need for later life.
in 2022, through our partnership with the ifs foundation, ifs contributed to the construction of a newly built computer lab at the welasiya government school, which has 30 computers and seating facilities.
this initiative aims to develop essential it skills and further develop the student’s education across other subjects.
ifs contributed towards: 30 new computers and the construction of a computer lab at the welasiya government school case study: ifs foundation travel guide launch at ifs, we always strive to implement creative and engaging ways in raising awareness around our partnerships.
the ifs foundation travel guide was launched in 2022, which featured travel recommendations submitted by colleagues globally.
our travel guide was developed as an e-book and made available for download on ifsfoundation.org.
it is free to download with a suggested contribution to the ifs foundation through justgiving.
case study: medicines for villagers in light of the challenges faced in sri lanka during 2022, the ifs foundation identified the need for additional support including the need to secure vital supplies, including life-saving medicines.
while the foundation typically focuses on longer-term investments with wide-spread impact, it also recognizes the importance of addressing the needs of the local communities particularly during times of crisis.
some parts of sri lanka were experiencing an acute shortage of medicines and other vital supplies.
hence, in partnership with ifs, medical officers and community leaders, the foundation sourced medical supplies and helped ensure their on-time delivery.
ifs education program education is the foundation of stronger and prosperous societies.
as a large employer, we want to promote the benefits of education to individuals and families.
this is one of the main drivers for our commitment to expand our program to 150 institutions globally over the next 3 years.
in 2022, we reached a total of 99 educational institutions.
ifs education program looks to encourage interest and engagement in stem subjects as well as to expand opportunities and facilitate routes into the technology sector for young people.
we do this through four main methods: scholarships and internships, the use of ifs software, donation of equipment and employees volunteering their time.
case study: tech talk series in 2022, ifs held multiple career sessions at universities in sri lanka.
as part of this initiative, we invited a number of speakers from the ifs cloud team to present at the tech talk series.
we also engaged our interns in this event as they shared their journeys at ifs, leveraging their expertise and hands-on experience.
this was aimed to motivate younger students and spark an interest in their first career steps.
the opportunity to access scholarships, internships, apprenticeships and graduate schemes varies globally, however we are proud to offer multiple opportunities for young people to access careers in the technology sector.
the use of software and equipment aids students in experiencing products and their everyday usage.
it encourages students to engage in their learning and develop an active interest in both ifs and our solutions.
ifs is proud that our employees play an active role in our education program as they are empowered to volunteer in educational institutions, whether that is through guest lectures, training teachers or project support.
table: number of educational institutions engaged cumulative year: 2021, number of educational institutions engaged: 50 year: 2022, number of educational institutions engaged: 99 table end.
volunteering the csr volunteer day is one way in which we enable colleagues to play an active role in directly supporting our sustainability strategy.
we give every colleague one day of paid volunteering leave to spend time supporting their local communities and organizations close to their hearts.
in 2022, 600 employees used their csr day, contributing to 570 days of volunteering 12.39% of average number of employees in period . this demonstrates a significant increase of 265% from last year.
case study: csr days throughout 2022, ifs employees used their csr day in many different ways, including litter picking, hackathons, research projects, marathons, and volunteering in charity shops.
we are proud that our colleagues dedicate their csr days to a wide variety of local projects such as: france big outdoor activity : the team focused on tackling the issue of biodiversity in france, by using their volunteer day to construct a dry hedge for animals and insects.
australia foodbank nsw : our colleagues spent the day working in a foodbank warehouse, picking, packing and boxing food for children at schools, charities and individuals who were struggling.
sri lanka carehome : one of our sri lankan teams spent a day in a local care home painting the building and providing lunch, as well as donating essential items including medicine, dry rations, cleaning supplies and clothes.
employee feedback 84% of ifs employees who participated in our internal survey claimed that their wellbeing either “significantly improved” or "somewhat improved” as a result of volunteering.
on the same survey, 86% of our respondents claimed that they would recommend volunteering to a colleague.
future plans we constantly strive to improve our efforts in creating a meaningful impact on a global level.
as part of this initiative, we have set our plan to create additional volunteering opportunities for our employees by exploring skilled volunteerism in 2023. this will allow employees to leverage their professional skills and experience with charitable organizations and local communities.
by reminding colleagues of the opportunity to volunteer throughout the year, we hope to see more employees use their csr volunteer day and have an even greater impact across the communities in which we operate.
annex contents: kpi definition: page 27 emissions estimation: page 28 gri index tables: page 29 sasb index table: page 31 un global compact principles: page 32 kpis definition table: kpi definitions esg category: environmental, metric: % of renewable energy in ifs operations, definition of the kpi: renewable energy is energy collected from renewable resources, naturally replenished on a human timescale sunlight, wind, rain, tides, waves, geothermal heat . ifs purchases energy attribute certificates eacs for renewable energy to reach carbon neutrality by 2025. esg category: social, metric: % of group's female managers, definition of the kpi: percentage of women among the group's executives, directors, officers, and management roles 'people managers' against the total number of employees at those levels.
data is calculated as a point-in-time average of the actual number of female managers at each quarter-end in 2022. esg category: social, metric: % of women within the organization's board, definition of the kpi: percentage of women among the group's board against the total number of board members that are non-executive directors.
esg category: social, metric: % of employees who have taken csr leave, definition of the kpi: percentage of employees who used their csr leave in part or whole against the average number of employees across the group in the period.
this includes volunteering in company time directly recorded via the internal hr system.
esg category: governance, metric: number of data breaches, definition of the kpi: this kpi includes major reportable events of data security breaches.
"reportable event" means any major security incident resulting in: 1. loss of customer, employee, or financial data outside of the group; 2. major business and operational disruption to services as a direct result of such cyber incident; 3. financial loss, in each case as a result of a ransomware or other major cyber-attack, and which the group is obligated to report to the relevant regulator.
esg category: governance, metric: number of anti-bribery and corruption training participants, definition of the kpi: number of existing ifs employees who completed the ifs's mandatory anti-bribery and corruption training in 2022 or previously if not required to retake the training in 2022 . emissions estimation % table: emissions estimation by scope scope: scope 1, source: natural gas kilowatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 89.5, estimated % : 54 source: hfc-125 kilograms , share of emissions within scope % : 4.2, estimated % : 100 source: hfc-134a kilograms , share of emissions within scope % : 3.5, estimated % : 100 source: fuel oil megawatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 2, estimated % : 100 source: hfc-32 kilograms , share of emissions within scope % : 0.8, estimated % : 100 scope: scope 2, source: electric power kilowatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 91.7, estimated % : 22 source: district heating megawatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 6.6, estimated % : 19 source: district cooling megawatt-hours , share of emissions within scope % : 1.7, estimated % : 17 scope: scope 3, source: employee commuting, share of emissions within scope % : 31, estimated % : 100 source: business travel, share of emissions within scope % : 28.3, estimated % : 1.9 source: purchased goods and services, share of emissions within scope % : 22.4, estimated % : 96.9 source: capital goods, share of emissions within scope % : 15.7, estimated % : 100 source: fuel-and-energy-related activities, share of emissions within scope % : 2.4, estimated % : 100 source: waste generated in operations, share of emissions within scope % : 0.3, estimated % : 100 table end.
gri index table ifs ab has reported the information cited in this gri content index for the period 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022, with reference to the gri standards.
gri 1: foundation 2021 table: gri 2: general disclosures 2021 disclosure: 2-1, description: organizational details, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : our approach sr and ifs.com disclosure: 2-2, description: entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : our approach sr disclosure: 2-3, description: reporting period, frequency and contact point, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : our approach sr disclosure: 2-4, description: restatements of information, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : our approach sr disclosure: 2-5, description: external assurance, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : emissions sr disclosure: 2-6, description: activities, value chain and other business relationships, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : renewable energy sr disclosure: 2-7, description: employees, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : our approach sr disclosure: 2-8, description: workers who are not employees, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : about us ifs.com disclosure: 2-9, description: governance structure and composition, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : our business in numbers yr disclosure: 2-10, description: nomination and selection of the highest governance body, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : not currently disclosed disclosure: 2-11, description: chair of the highest governance body, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : leadership ifs.com disclosure: 2-12, description: role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : not currently disclosed disclosure: 2-13, description: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : leadership ifs.com disclosure: 2-14, description: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : governance sr disclosure: 2-15, description: conflicts of interest, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : governance sr disclosure: 2-16, description: communication of critical concerns, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : governance sr disclosure: 2-17, description: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : anti-corruption sr disclosure: 2-18, description: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : whistleblowing sr disclosure: 2-19, description: remuneration policies, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : governance sr disclosure: 2-20, description: process to determine remuneration, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : governance sr disclosure: 2-21, description: annual total compensation ratio, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : not currently disclosed disclosure: 2-22, description: statement on sustainable development strategy, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : not currently disclosed disclosure: 2-23, description: policy commitments, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : not currently disclosed disclosure: 2-24, description: embedding policy commitments, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : our strategy sr disclosure: 2-25, description: processes to remediate negative impacts, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : human rights sr disclosure: 2-26, description: mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : the ifs code of conduct sr disclosure: 2-27, description: compliance with laws and regulations, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : the ifs code of conduct sr disclosure: 2-28, description: membership associations, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : whistleblowing sr disclosure: 2-29, description: approach to stakeholder engagement, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : not currently disclosed disclosure: 2-30, description: collective bargaining agreements, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr or our website ifs.com : external standards and frameworks sr table end.
notes : this table details the gri 2 general disclosures 2021 and their corresponding locations within the ifs sustainability report 2022, year in review 2022, or the ifs website.
"not currently disclosed" indicates that the information is not publicly available in these resources.
gri index table continued gri 3: material topics 2021 gri code: 3-1, description: process to determine material topics, materiality assessment: sr gri code: 3-2, description: list of material topics, materiality assessment: sr gri code: 3-3, description: management of material topics, materiality assessment: sr table end.
gri 205: anti-corruption 2016 gri code: 205-1, description: operations assessed for risks related to corruption, anti-corruption: sr gri code: 205-2, description: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, anti-corruption: sr gri code: 205-3, description: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken, anti-corruption: sr table end.
gri 206: anti-competitive behavior 2016 gri code: 206-1, description: legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices, anti-corruption: sr table end.
gri 305: emissions 2016 gri code: 305-1, description: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, emissions: sr gri code: 305-2, description: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, emissions: sr gri code: 305-3, description: other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, emissions: sr gri code: 305-4, description: greenhouse gas emissions intensity, emissions: sr gri code: 305-5, description: reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, emissions: sr gri code: 305-6, description: emissions of ozone-depleting substances ods , emissions: sr gri code: 305-7, description: nitrogen oxides nox , sulfur oxides sox , and other significant air emissions, emissions: not currently disclosed table end.
gri 401: employment 2016 gri code: 401-1, description: new employee hires and employee turnover, disclosure status: not currently disclosed gri code: 401-2, description: benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees, disclosure status: not currently disclosed gri code: 401-3, description: parental leave, disclosure status: not currently disclosed table end.
gri 404: training and education 2016 gri code: 404-1, description: average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, disclosure status: not currently disclosed gri code: 404-2, description: programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs, disclosure status: compliance trainings sr gri code: 404-3, description: percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, disclosure status: not currently disclosed table end.
gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 gri code: 405-1, description: diversity of governance bodies and employees, disclosure status: diversity and inclusion sr gri code: 405-2, description: ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men, disclosure status: not currently disclosed table end.
gri 406: non-discrimination 2016 gri code: 406-1, description: incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken, disclosure status: 0 table end.
gri 418: customer privacy 2016 gri code: 418-1, description: substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data, disclosure status: ifs cyber security and privacy sr table end.
notes: sr indicates sustainability report.
"not currently disclosed" indicates that the specific data was not disclosed in the report.
sasb index table environmental footprint of hardware infrastructure topic/code: tc-si-130a.1, accounting metric: 1 total energy consumed, 2 percentage grid electricity, 3 percentage renewable, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: renewable energy sr topic/code: tc-si-130a.2, accounting metric: 1 total water withdrawn, 2 total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: not currently disclosed topic/code: tc-si-130a.3, accounting metric: discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic planning for data center needs, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: environmental impact sr table end.
data privacy & freedom of expression topic/code: tc-si-220a.1, accounting metric: description of policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: ifs cyber security and privacy sr topic/code: tc-si-220a.2, accounting metric: number of users whose information is used for secondary purposes, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: 0 topic/code: tc-si-220a.3, accounting metric: total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with user privacy, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: 0 topic/code: tc-si-220a.4, accounting metric: 1 number of law enforcement requests for user information, 2 number of users whose information was requested, 3 percentage resulting in disclosure, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: 0 topic/code: tc-si-220a.5, accounting metric: list of countries where core products or services are subject to government-required monitoring, blocking, content filtering, or censoring, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: 0 table end.
data security topic/code: tc-si-230a.1, accounting metric: 1 number of data breaches, 2 percentage involving personally identifiable information pii , 3 number of users affected, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: ifs cyber security and privacy sr topic/code: tc-si-230a.2, accounting metric: description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party cybersecurity standards, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: ifs cyber security and privacy sr table end.
recruiting & managing a global, diverse & skilled workforce topic/code: tc-si-330a.1, accounting metric: percentage of employees that are 1 foreign nationals and 2 located offshore, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: not currently disclosed topic/code: tc-si-330a.2, accounting metric: employee engagement as a percentage, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: measuring our success: key heartbeat results sr topic/code: tc-si-330a.3, accounting metric: percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for 1 management, 2 technical staff, and 3 all other employees, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: gender diversity sr table end.
intellectual property protection & competitive behavior topic/code: tc-si-520a.1, accounting metric: total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anticompetitive behavior regulations, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: not currently disclosed table end.
managing systemic risks from technology disruption topic/code: tc-si-550a.1, accounting metric: number of 1 performance issues and 2 service disruptions; 3 total customer downtime, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: trust center ifs.com topic/code: tc-si-550a.2, accounting metric: description of business continuity risks related to disruptions of operations, location in sustainability report 2022 sr , year in review 2022 yr , website ifs.com or answer: ifs cyber security and privacy sr table end.
activity metrics topic/code: tc-si-000.a, activity metric: 1 number of licenses or subscriptions, 2 percentage cloud based, location in sustainability report 2022 sr or answer: sustainability yr topic/code: tc-si-000.b, activity metric: 1 data processing capacity, 2 percentage outsourced, location in sustainability report 2022 sr or answer: not currently disclosed topic/code: tc-si-000.c, activity metric: 1 amount of data storage, 2 percentage outsourced, location in sustainability report 2022 sr or answer: not currently disclosed table end.
un global compact principles table: un global compact principles by area area: human rights , principle number: 1, principle description: businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights; and, report section sr : human rights sr principle number: 2, principle description: make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses., report section sr : human rights sr area: labor , principle number: 3, principle description: businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining;, report section sr : human rights sr principle number: 4, principle description: the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor;, report section sr : human rights sr principle number: 5, principle description: the effective abolition of child labor; and, report section sr : human rights sr principle number: 6, principle description: the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation., report section sr : human rights sr area: environment , principle number: 7, principle description: businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges;, report section sr : environmental impact sr principle number: 8, principle description: undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility; and, report section sr : environmental impact sr principle number: 9, principle description: encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally friendly technologies., report section sr : environmental impact sr area: anti-corruption , principle number: 10, principle description: businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery., report section sr : anti-corruption sr table end.
for further information or queries about the report please contact sustainability@ifs.com copyright ©2023 industrial and financial systems, ifs ab.
ifs and all ifs products and services names are trademarks of ifs.
all rights reserved.
this document may contain statements of possible future functionality for ifs' products and technology.
such statements are for information purposes only and should not be interpreted as any commitment or representation.
the names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
production: ifs, april 2023