sustainability report 2022 passion in creating tomorrow . pacific industrial co., ltd.
brand slogan passion in creating tomorrow pacific industrial develops new businesses, new technologies and new products that add to safety, environmental performance and comfort.
by doing so, we aspire to achieve sustainable growth as a company with a trusted reputation that meets the expectations of society.
an expression of this aspiration is our brand slogan.
in preparation for an upcoming mobility society, we will develop into a manufacturer capable of offering a prosperous, safe and secure future and help to realize a sustainable society.
toward this ambition, pacific industrial will create the future with passion.
corporate philosophy as a global manufacturer of technology components, we will...
1. endeavor to develop and enhance technologies and to supply high-quality products in response to the needs of customers.
2. value our employees as our essential family members and pledge to provide a place where they enjoy working and creating.
3. continue to contribute to society, confirming our role in the world as an excellent company as well as an environmentally conscious company.
notes : the image included a logo; this has been replaced with a placeholder.
pacific industrial co., ltd.
sustainability report 2022 contents introduction brand slogan/corporate philosophy page 01 contents/editorial policy page 02 message from the president page 03 introduction of the pacific industrial group overview page 05 history page 07 way page 13 value creation model page 15 materiality page 17 sustainability management based on materiality page 19 management page 21 fostering trust with stakeholders page 24 solving social and customer issues through products page 29 minimizing environmental load page 33 respecting human resources and their active participation page 39 financial highlights consolidated financial statement summary /stock information page 43 summary of major management data page 45 third-party opinion page 46 sustainability report 2022 editorial policy pacific industrial group has been publishing sustainability reports former csr reports since 2007 to promote and enhance dialogue with more of our stakeholders so as to build a sustainable society.
we are currently promoting sustainability management based on the sustainability-related material topics that we identified in 2020. our initiatives for the 15 identified material issues and the kpis is reported in this sustainability report 2022. we look forward to hearing your candid opinions.
other media websites : provide comprehensive information related to sustainability, and discloses sustainability initiatives, figures, data and other details that could not be included in this report as well as the latest information as necessary.
. this report : provides a summary of important information.
. securities report the securities report compiles corporate information, business segments, business result, stock information, risk-related information, financial information, and other information available at the end of the accounting period in accordance with the financial instruments and exchange act, and is disclosure material in which such information is described in full detail in paragraph format.
period covered in the report : from april 1, 2021 to march 31, 2022 includes the latest information at the time of publication boundary of the report : the pacific industrial group in principle, the company and its consolidated subsidiaries.
if disclosed data is different from it, the scope is described individually.
publication date : september 30, 2022 publisher : pacific industrial co., ltd.
corporate planning department.
phone: +81-584-93-0110 fax: +81-584-93-0112 guidelines used as reference : gri standards, iso26000, the international integrated reporting framework, final report recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures, sustainability accounting standards board reference codes are attached to the relevant sections, including partial disclosures.
notes on outlook this report contains forward-looking statements, including strategies, plans, targets, and other projections made based on currently available information.
these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements.
accordingly, there are no guarantees that the forward-looking statements contained in this report will prove to be accurate.
message from the president we will overcome turbulent times and create sustainable value by recognizing the importance of human resources that effect sustainability.
under the brand slogan, “passion in creating tomorrow,” pacific industrial group is promoting sustainability management under the long-term vision pacific glocal vision toward 2030, the 100th anniversary of our founding, and beyond.
steadily promoting business in the midst of upheaval as the transition to a mobility society accelerates, including case and electrification, the environment surrounding our group is becoming increasingly severe and uncertain due to the spread of covid-19, soaring resource prices and restrictions on the supply of parts and materials, as well as the situation in ukraine.
under these circumstances, our group has worked to prevent infections, promoted cost improvements, built a production system to match order fluctuations, and secured personnel and parts.
in addition, we have formulated the pacific environmental challenge 2050 in light of social issues such as sdgs and carbon neutrality, and we are working to reduce co2 emissions.
in the stamping business, we promoted development and sales of products for electrified vehicles, such as ultra-high tensile strength steel products using the cold press method that contribute to car body weight reduction, functional parts such as battery cases and those from forging presses, and molding products that contribute to wheel caps and sound and vibration insulation.
in response to growing needs for lighter weight products, a new plant for stamping products is under construction adjacent to the higashi ogaki plant in ogaki city, gifu prefecture, with an eye toward carbon neutrality.
in the valve business, together with our group company schrader, we are developing tire valves, on which our company was founded, as well as tire pressure monitoring system tpms , car air conditioning valves, and industrial valves.
we are also focusing on developing control valves for heat-pump-type car air conditioners, which are expected to be increasingly used in electrified vehicles.
initiatives dedicated to material topics in 2020, based on the sdgs sustainable development goals , we have identified our group's key issues as material topics, and last year we formulated major initiatives and kpis based on them.
the elements of the material topics, including human rights, human resources, the environment, and responsible procurement, are incorporated into our group's "code of conduct" and "supplier sustainability guidelines.” we are implementing specific initiatives with our suppliers in japan and overseas, as well as promoting awareness through study sessions, the company newsletter, and e-mail magazine among other means.
as for "solving social and customer issues through products," we are working on cost reduction, weight reduction, and environmental impact reduction through lca using our product and material development, construction methods, and production technologies.
in recognition of these initiatives, we received 20 awards globally from our customers in fiscal 2021. as for new product development using existing technologies, following last year's release of “e-waves,” a multi-sensing logger for vaccine transportation and other applications, this june we launched "capsule sense,” a cow body condition monitoring system that contributes to solving the problems of cattle farmers who are suffering serious labor shortages.
with regard to the urgent issue of “mitigation of and adaptation to climate change,” in may of last year, we endorsed the tcfd recommendations and worked to refine our analysis of the risks and opportunities that climate change poses to our group while using scenario analysis techniques.
in particular, regarding the introduction of renewable energy, we are actively promoting the installation of solar power generation systems at our domestic and overseas plants using ppa, working to achieve 100% renewable energy in the kyushu and tohoku regions, and continuing our initiatives to achieve a 20% renewable energy ratio by 2030. there are no footnotes or additional annotations in the provided image.
more active roles for diverse human resources regarding "respecting human resources and their active participation," we are proceeding with human rights due diligence in accordance with our human rights policy, which was formulated in february of 2021. in addition, as part of our health initiatives, we were selected under the 2022 certified health & productivity management outstanding organizations recognition program large enterprise category . currently, we are establishing targets for the ratio of female managers and strengthening the recruitment of female employees to enable diverse human resources to play an active role.
in the future, we will accelerate diversity and inclusion management by creating an environment in which everyone can demonstrate their individual characteristics, not only women, but also foreign nationals and mid-career employees, in a variety of situations.
we will also promote education by rank and digital skill training to create an organization and culture in which diverse human resources can grow and create new value.
we appreciate your continued support.
shinya ogawa president, member of the board company profile name: pacific industrial co., ltd.
head office location: 100 kyutoku-cho, ogaki city, gifu prefecture, 503-8603 japan established: august 8, 1930 president, member of the board: shinya ogawa capital stock: 7,316 million yen as of march 31, 2022 number of employees: 1,988 consolidated: 4,763 businesses: manufacturing and sales of automotive parts and electronics parts stock listings: tokyo stock exchange prime market, nagoya stock exchanges premier market security code: 7250 overview by business segment we operate in three main business segments: stamping and molding product business, valve product business, and other information service business.
table: business segment performance segment: stamping and molding product, net sales billion yen : 114.2, operating income billion yen : 4.9, percentage of total operating income: 69.5% segment: valve product, net sales billion yen : 49.9, operating income billion yen : 5.8, percentage of total operating income: 30.4% segment: total , net sales billion yen : 164.4 , operating income billion yen : 10.7 , percentage of total operating income: 100% table end.
main products . this image shows various stamping and molding products including pop uphood hinge, front pillar lower, hybrid battery case, engine cover, oil pan, hub, wheel cap, and cap center ornament.
. this image shows various tire valve products including valve core, tubeless valve, and tpms transmitter.
. this image shows various car air conditioner products including charging valve, relief valve, and compressor parts.
. this image shows various fuel system products including fuel regulator valve.
. this image shows various non-auto parts including valve for aerospace and valves for industrial machinery.
global network a map showing the global network of pacific industrial co., ltd., highlighting locations in japan, the u.s., europe, and asia.
overview by region regional segments are categorized into japan, europe and the u.s., and asia.
region: japan, net sales billion yen, fy2021 : 68.7, operating income billion yen, fy2021 : 10.7, number of employees fy2021 : 1201 region: europe and the u.s., net sales billion yen, fy2021 : 34.4, operating income billion yen, fy2021 : 3.1, number of employees fy2021 : 1484 region: asia, net sales billion yen, fy2021 : 61.2, operating income billion yen, fy2021 : 1.3, number of employees fy2021 : 2078 table end.
highlights of consolidated results table: consolidated financial results fy2017 - fy2021 fiscal year: fy2017, net sales billion yen : 110, ordinary income billion yen : 9.0, net income billion yen : 7.0, ratio of operating income to sales % : 7.0, total assets billion yen : 165, net assets billion yen : 85, roe % : 8.0, roa % : 5.0, capital expenditures billion yen : 20, depreciation expenses billion yen : 7 fiscal year: fy2018, net sales billion yen : 137, ordinary income billion yen : 10.5, net income billion yen : 7.5, ratio of operating income to sales % : 7.5, total assets billion yen : 205, net assets billion yen : 100, roe % : 9.0, roa % : 5.5, capital expenditures billion yen : 22, depreciation expenses billion yen : 11 fiscal year: fy2019, net sales billion yen : 160, ordinary income billion yen : 7.5, net income billion yen : 7.0, ratio of operating income to sales % : 6.0, total assets billion yen : 200, net assets billion yen : 100, roe % : 7.5, roa % : 5.0, capital expenditures billion yen : 22, depreciation expenses billion yen : 13 fiscal year: fy2020, net sales billion yen : 145, ordinary income billion yen : 7.5, net income billion yen : 4.0, ratio of operating income to sales % : 6.0, total assets billion yen : 225, net assets billion yen : 115, roe % : 7.5, roa % : 4.0, capital expenditures billion yen : 15, depreciation expenses billion yen : 12 fiscal year: fy2021, net sales billion yen : 164.4, ordinary income billion yen : 9.8, net income billion yen : 14.6, ratio of operating income to sales % : 6.5, total assets billion yen : 245.4, net assets billion yen : 130.3, roe % : 8.1, roa % : 4.6, capital expenditures billion yen : 18.1, depreciation expenses billion yen : 16.4 table end.
notes: roa is based on operating income.
no content was generated for page 7. company history in 2020, the company celebrated its 90th anniversary.
established in 1930 with a focus on domestically producing automotive valve cores, it has grown into a global company through the development of stamping and molding businesses, tpms, and the integration of the schrader group.
the company's response to the challenges of 2020 and the covid-19 pandemic involved solidifying its global foundations, prioritizing infection prevention, maintaining employment and production.
the company aims to create a sustainable future by leveraging its manufacturing expertise and spirit.
timeline of key events year/month: 1999/jul, event: established pacific manufacturing ohio, inc., location: united states year/month: 2000/oct, event: all domestic plants attained iso 14001 certification., location: n/a year/month: 2000/dec, event: began the production of tpms transmitters., location: n/a year/month: 2002/nov, event: achieved cumulative global production of 10 billion valve core units and 5 billion tire valve units., location: n/a year/month: 2004/sep, event: established pacific air controls co., ltd., location: south korea year/month: 2005/apr, event: established tianjin pacific auto parts co., ltd., location: china year/month: 2006/dec, event: set up kyushu plant stamping and molding products ., location: japan year/month: 2010/may, event: set up kurihara plant stamping and molding products , location: japan year/month: 2011/nov, event: established changsha pacific hanya auto parts co., ltd., location: china year/month: 2012/may, event: established pacific industries europe nv/sa, location: belgium year/month: 2012/jun, event: established pacific industries china corporation, location: china, notes: merged with tpa in august 2021 year/month: 2013/nov, event: set up wakayanagi plant molding products ., location: japan year/month: 2014/jan, event: achieved cumulative global production of 100 million tpms transmitters., location: n/a year/month: 2014/jul, event: established pacific manufacturing tennessee, inc., location: united states year/month: 2014/jul, event: established pacific auto parts technology changshu co., ltd., location: china year/month: 2014/nov, event: established pacific auto parts thailand co., ltd., location: thailand, notes: integrated pit in november 2020 year/month: 2018/aug, event: acquired schrader valve business in the u.s. and france., location: u.s. & france year/month: 2020/aug, event: celebrated the company's 90th anniversary., location: n/a year/month: 2020/apr, event: moved to the prime and premier market tokyo & nagoya stock exchanges ., location: japan table end.
established first overseas base in 1984, the company established its first overseas base, pacific valve taiwan co., ltd.
this marked the beginning of its globalization strategy, expanding into korea, the united states, thailand, china, belgium, and france.
development of next-generation valve tpms in 1999, the company developed a tpms transmitter, a high value-added product made possible by combining accumulated technologies.
the use of tpms became legally mandated in the united states, and demand has expanded to make it one of the company's core products.
acquired schrader's valve business the acquisition of schrader's valve business in the u.s. and france in august 2018 established a global quadrilateral system with production and sales bases in japan, asia, north america, and europe.
people-oriented management human resources are the most important management resource for a company, and fully utilizing their abilities is an indispensable condition for sustainable growth.
“respecting human resources and their active participation” is one of our material topics for sustainable management.
and pacific industrial considers what kind of human resources and organizational development we should aim for in the future.
we invited ms. taeko utsugi, who is known for her many achievements in women's softball, to speak with president ogawa based on her experience training players and building teams.
philosophy needed for human resource and organizational development ogawa: in ogaki city, gifu prefecture, there is the ogaki minamo softball club, operated by 11 local companies, which has been active since this year in the east division of the japan diamond softball league, a japanese women's softball league organization.
as such, i have been friends with ms. utsugi for some time and asked her to participate in this discussion.
utsugi: i started my athletic career 50 years ago at unitika in tarui.
there is a long relationship with pacific industrial in ogaki city and tarui, as they are neighboring towns.
today i toured your plant for the first time.
i realized that manufacturing requires a sense of responsibility and accuracy in work, without accidents or mistakes, and that teamwork is the key to success.
ogawa: softball teams also have players with various personalities, don'tonnes they?
what have you valued in leading a team as a manager over the years?
utsugi: first is a team philosophy.
at hitachi takasaki now bic camera takasaki , where i managed for the first time, the plant manager at the time told me about the company's philosophy and the purpose of establishing a softball team, and i set policies on what we would aim for and how we would overcome difficulties.
i made sure the company understood this, communicated my ideas to the players, listened to each player's ideas, and shaped the slogan and rules as the team philosophy.
a corporate sports team goes through good times president, member of the board, pacific industrial co., ltd.
building a place where diverse human resources can play an active role ogawa: in corporate management, utilization of diverse human resources, including the promotion of women's activities, is a major issue.
you became japan's first female softball team manager 36 years ago, and you also managed the all-japan team.
has the perception of female managers changed in the softball world?
utsugi: it has.
when i first became a manager, i felt prejudice and heavy headwinds because i was a woman.
i was also slandered and attacked, especially after i started winning games.
however, i didn'tonnes see any difference between men and women managers, and i had a strong desire to win and be the best.
i took the slander as proof of recognition that i was good, and i worked positively to succeed.
when i decided to become a manager, my father told me that a vice president and captain, japan women's softball league organization taeko utsugi profile born in 1953. she began playing softball in junior high school and joined unitika tarui in 1972 after graduating from high school.
she participated in the 1974 world championships.
after retiring in 1985, she worked as a junior national team coach before becoming manager of hitachi takasaki now bic camera takasaki . in 1997, she was appointed manager of the japanese national team and won a silver medal at the 2000 sydney olympics and a bronze medal at the 2004 athens olympics.
she founded the npo softball dream in 2011. in 2021 she was appointed vice president and captain of the japan women's softball league organization.
she works to train young players and popularize the sport of softball, and has given numerous lectures and written a number of books.
pacific industrial co., ltd.
sustainability report 2022 10 top-level discussion a manager must be a president and a janitor.
this means being attentive to individual player's feelings and dealing with the relationships around them, including their families and the company, while maintaining an overall perspective and paying close attention to details, and then getting results.
thinking about things in this way, i have come to believe that it is important to know how to deal with each person's individuality and respect them as human beings, not based on attributes such as gender, age, race, nationality, or disability.
japan has always been a hierarchical society that emphasizes hard work.
however, once you go out into the world, lifestyles are different and japanese values and common sense do not apply.
diversity is spreading everywhere and cannot be judged by a single standard.
our group also has many sites where women are active at our overseas offices.
laws have been enacted regarding the advancement of women, and employment of people with disabilities and the elderly, but simply following the law is insufficient.
companies should actively take the initiative in addressing these issues.
we are also working toward a long-term goal of increasing the ratio of female managers.
to achieve this, we must work to ensure that our workplace environments and conditions are conducive to support systems that cater to life stages such as childbirth and childcare, and encourage career advancement while balancing work and family life.
whether in the corporate world or in sports, it is about understanding and respecting others and making it a place where all people can be active with their own thoughts and feelings.
asian women in particular tend to be reserved, but i would like them to show courage and confidence.
if we can bring out the best in each other in this way, we can create a more open world.
in the past, corporate management emphasized high efficiency through standardization and equalization, and tended to put people into molds.
but nowadays we live in time when people are expected to develop strengths, compensate for their weaknesses, and make the most of their individuality.
a good organization that is managed well is able to find and utilize such abilities.
the covid-19 pandemic has made us a masked society and our communication skills have deteriorated.
rather than forcing young people to conform to old-fashioned thinking, we are working with the awareness that we are nurturing human resources in advance for the future.
the soil to plant dreams in 1930, soichi ogawa, the founder of our company, had a dream to domestically produce valve cores used in automobile tires, and after challenging himself, he achieved this dream.
this was made possible with the support of many people.
the company has grown, and our groups' business has expanded by repeatedly drawing up the next dream, realizing it, and growing even further.
however, it is difficult to tell employees who have dreams to just realize them from nothing.
the internal environment needs to be the "watering grounds" that employees need, that is, the soil in which to take on challenges.
it is a system and structure that supports the challenges of employees who have dreams.
respect for human rights, diversity and inclusion are essential as the soil for such challenges.
in addition to human rights due diligence, it is necessary to value awareness from daily communication.
we have introduced an evaluation system that requires not only competence in work, but also the “compassion” required to become a manager.
recent initiatives include raising “psychological safety” in the workplace to create an environment where everyone can freely and openly express their opinions, and expanding the scope of soil creation by launching our "creating tomorrow project," in which each team can freely propose their own ideas to management in line with our brand slogan.
it is easier than before to generate proposals based on new ideas from within the company.
from the viewpoint of products that can contribute to society, using monitoring functions such as pressure, temperature, and acceleration sensors cultivated in the automotive parts tpms, we have released new products in completely new fields.
these things are the result of our initiatives to.
11 pacific industrial co., ltd.
sustainability report 2022 sowing seeds for the future utsugi: i founded the non-profit organization softball dreams in 2011, with the initial objectives of our activities being to revive softball as an olympic sport, support players' second career activities, and to make various social contributions through softball.
however, at the same time, the great east japan earthquake occurred and caused extensive damage in the tohoku region and other areas, so we also started to support reconstruction efforts in the affected areas.
as for social contributions, we are engaged in activities that contribute to the development of young people both in japan and overseas, mainly by holding softball classes for children to learn the joy of sports, which is something that also leads to human development and learning.
one of the most memorable initiatives was a visit to an african country.
we cut the grass in an empty lot to make a field, gathered local instructors and children, and taught them to play softball with equipment we brought from japan.
we saw one child drinking muddy water and were worried, but when we warned him not to, he said, "i have to drink this to survive." i was shocked and it made me think about many things, including the huge differences between the lives of children there from those in japan.
when i visited the same place again 10 years later, to my surprise, the child i saw drinking the muddy water had grown up and become a softball coach.
i was moved to tears.
they were still using the same bat as 10 years before and it was in bad shape, so they were happy when i gave them a new one.
because of these types of interactions in many different places, i received a large number of votes in the re-election of the wbsc board of directors i mentioned earlier.
individual activities will not immediately spread the popularity of softball or bring about a revival in the olympics, but i feel that there is value in continuing to steadily “plant seeds." our vision for the future ogawa: that's a wonderful story.
we are also working to build sustainable relationships with all our stakeholders, from carbon neutrality to encouraging our suppliers to become more sustainable and contribute to local communities.
however, as you described, it is "planting seeds,” and it will take time for such efforts to bear fruit.
for our company to continue to exist in the world, i think it is necessary to continue doing this.
and i believe that our theme going forward is for each employee to work with an awareness of the relationship between themselves, the company, and society, and pass on to the next generation the future value that will be created through these relationships.
i gained a great deal of insight from you today, ms. utsugi.
thank you very much.
utsugi: thank you very much.
we look forward to your continued support for the development of softball.
notes : the images included are photos of taeko utsugi and shinya ogawa.
there were no charts or tables in the provided image.
the pacific industrial group's vision brand slogan: passion in creating tomorrow pacific industrial develops new businesses, new technologies and new products that add to safety, environmental performance and comfort.
by doing so, we aspire to achieve sustainable growth as a company with a trusted reputation that meets the expectations of society.
an expression of this aspiration is our brand slogan.
in preparation for an upcoming mobility society, we will develop into a manufacturer capable of offering a prosperous, safe and secure future and help to realize a sustainable society.
toward this ambition, pacific industrial will create the future with passion.
pacific values the “pacific values” represent the universal values shared by members of the pacific industrial group.
we expressed the mental attitude that we want to cherish with the words “dreams and challenges” and "trust and respect,” with a focus on the company history and the ideas of our founder and predecessors, including the top management, as embodied in the founding spirit and the company motto.
our attitude principles of conduct to remain as a company needed by society, now and into the future through the development of new businesses, new technologies, and new products that contribute to improving safety, environment, and comfort performance, we aspire to achieve sustainable growth as a company with trusted reputation that meets the expectations of society.
the “principles of conduct” are the tenets we follow in consideration of how we affect our stakeholders, and call for every member of the pacific industrial group to act sensibly and with high ethical standards as members of global society.
based on the "principles of conduct”, the “code of conduct” clearly defines for our employees the concrete judgment standards by which they shall make appropriate decisions and properly conduct themselves.
reflecting on the spirit of the “principles of conduct" and "code of conduct”, we shall act in the way we believe to be best based on our own conscience.
we will work to consistently communicate with our customers and to provide environment-conscious, high-quality products and services that are trusted by, and satisfy, our customers.
in order to garner trust and meet the expectations of our shareholders, we will place importance on bilateral communication and continuously strive to improve our corporate value by taking a long-term view.
aiming at co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust, we will respect our business partners and establish strong positive relationships with them on an equitable and fair basis.
from the perspective of respect for human rights and dignity, we will provide a workplace where all employees can work at ease in an environment that allows them to find work they can be proud of and encourages them to demonstrate their creativity and spirit of challenge.
we always recognize the importance of environmental conservation in all our business activities, comply with laws and regulations related to the environment, and actively engage in environmental conservation activities based on our "environmental policies." in addition to contributing to the sustainable development of society through close partnership and cooperation with local communities, we also engage in social contribution activities support for academics/culture/sports, participation in volunteer activities, international community contributions, etc. to build bonds with local communities.
long-term vision “pacific glocal vision” the automotive industry is undergoing a once-in-a-century period of major change, and is in the midst of fierce competition from technological innovations such as case and weight reduction, as well as the growth of emerging markets and the entry of different industries.
environmental and other social issues are becoming increasingly severe and necessitating companies taking steps to address these social issues in good faith such as by setting up a robust governance system.
under such circumstances, the pacific industrial group tackles the challenge of new value creation through manufacturing and clarifies the “aspired corporate image” as pacific glocal vision by reviewing its long-term vision in pursuit of contribution to a sustainable society.
aiming to be a 100-year company that continues to grow sustainably, and beyond, we are committed to taking on the challenge toward a new future.
vision statements vision 1: a truly glocal company that is worthy of stakeholders’ trust, rooted in communities and able to co-exist and co-develop with them.
vision 2: a company that leverages its core technology and continuously provides new business, new products and new technologies toward a sustainable society.
vision 3: a company that values employees’ new ideas, challenges and ensures they feel the harmonious balance between life and work.
mid-term management plan “ocean-22” as an action plan to realize our long-term vision “pacific glocal vision,” we are working toward the completion of the mid-term management plan “ocean-22,” which ends in fy2022.
as part of our growth strategy, in addition to providing high value-added products that contribute to automotive weight reduction, such as ultra-high tensile strength steel uhtss products, and to improved safety and environmental performance such as increasing orders for tpms, we are also developing soundproof covers for electric compressors using urethane foam technology and control valves for heat pump type automotive air conditioners as an initiative toward electrification.
through these initiatives, we will solidify our manufacturing fundamentals and focus on strengthening our profit structure in preparation for the next great leap forward as well as developing human resources who will realize those changes, all while simultaneously improving upon our esg environmental, social, governance initiatives.
priority initiatives trust: secure profitability and improve corporate value.
strengthen governance and mitigate risks.
enhance business through esg management.
innovation: realize development and technology innovations.
innovate production technologies making use of ai and iot.
create highly efficient production lines through manufacturing reforms.
challenge: realize glocal management toward achievement of sdgs.
promote diversity and develop next-generation human resources.
foster a corporate culture where employees can take on challenges.
sdg initiatives we believe that our mission is to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society.
to achieve the sustainable development goals sdgs advocated by the united nations, we have identified the group’s important topics materiality regarding sustainability, defined sdg themes to focus on, and been working on sustainability management.
image depicts the united nations sustainable development goals.
pacific industrial co., ltd.
sustainability report 2022 pacific industrial group's value creation model a company that contributes to prosperous life and environment in next-generation mobility society through "monozukuri”.
social issues climate change depletion of resources crisis of water resources biodiversity human rights issues damage to health population explosion and declining birthrate and aging population traffic accidents business model risk business activities global economic and geopolitical situation/customer dependent/development/price competition/quality/raw materials/information security finance climate change compliance human rights and labor opportunity stricter safety and environmental regulations growth of the automobile market automobile restructuring application of ai and iot energy saving / weight reduction carbon neutrality internal and external management resources capital type: financial capital , description: sound and stable financial foundation capital type: manufactured capital , description: production equipment, metallic molds, and manufacturing know-how capital type: intellectual capital , description: development, evaluation, and analysis technologies capital type: human capital , description: global and domestic human resources capital type: social and relationship capital , description: collaboration with stakeholders capital type: natural capital , description: raw materials, energy, and resources table end.
business segments and strengths business segment: stamping and molding business , strength: uhtss forming technologies that enable weight reduction and high rigidity; electric vehicle ev technology, film insert molding technology, and noise and vibration nv performance control technology business segment: valve business , strength: top share in the world and a global quadrilateral production and sales system; fluid control/motorized control technologies and a wide variety of product line-up; technology for on-vehicle electrical equipment and overwhelming quality, as well as a global quadrilateral production and sales system business segment: new business , strength: wireless communication, sensory, and ai technologies table end.
. figure showing the pacific industrial group's value creation model, including social issues, business model risk and opportunity , internal and external management resources, and business segments with their respective strengths.
the pacific industrial group way brand slogan: passion in creating tomorrow pacific glocal vision aspired corporate image a truly glocal company that is worthy of stakeholders' trust, rooted in communities and able to co-exist and co-develop with them a company that leverages its core technology and continuously provides new business, new products and new technologies toward a sustainable society a company that values employees' new ideas, challenges and ensures they feel the harmonious balance between life and work highlights related to value creation financial highlights fy2021 net sales / 164.4 billion yen operating income / 10.7 billion yen roa / 4.6% sustainability management: four pillars solving social and customer issues through products respecting human resources and their active participation fostering trust with stakeholders minimizing environmental load trust innovation challenge pacific values: "dreams and challenges" and "trust and respect" non-financial highlights many awards received from domestic and overseas customers → p.26 products that solve social issues → p.29 initiatives for respecting human rights → p.39 recognized in “2022 certified health & productivity management outstanding organizations recognition program large corporation category ” → p.40 conducted self-assessment of code of conduct and supplier sustainability guidelines → p.24.25 tcfd disclosure → p.35 active introduction of renewable energies → p.38 kpi → p.19.20 mid-term management plan: ocean-22 materiality of the pacific industrial group we have identified four pillar themes related to our long-term vision, 15 material topics, and sdg themes that we will focus on.
currently, the pacific industrial group as a whole is aiming to realize a sustainable society by setting specific targets and carrying out pdca.
1 fostering trust with stakeholders corporate ethics and compliance responsible procurement improvement in customer satisfaction local community development particularly relevant sdgs: 4, 8, 11, 12, 13, 16, 17 2 solving social and customer issues through products contribution to a sustainable mobility society and prosperous living improving mobility safety development of environment-conscious products particularly relevant sdgs: 3, 9, 11, 12 3 minimizing environmental load mitigation of and adaptation to climate change sustainable resources use conservation of water resources particularly relevant sdgs: 6, 7, 12, 13, 17 4 respecting human resources and their active participation respect for human rights stable employment and decent work environment the safety and health of employees development of human resources and cultivation of culture that we can tackle new endeavors diversity and inclusion particularly relevant sdgs: 4, 5, 8, 10, 17 17 pacific industrial co., ltd.
sustainability report 2022 communication with stakeholders how to communicate stakeholders: customers , principles of conduct: we will work to consistently communicate with our customers and to provide environment-conscious, high-quality products and services that are trusted by, and satisfy, our customers., main stakeholders: global car, tire, and automotive parts makers, product end users, new product customers, etc., communication methods: communication with customers in daily operations; requests from customers; participation in technical exhibitions and events in japan and abroad; commendations from customers evaluation criteria and evaluation details stakeholders: business partners , principles of conduct: aiming at co-existence and co-prosperity based on mutual trust, we will respect our business partners and establish strong positive relationships with them on an equitable and fair basis., main stakeholders: primary and upstream suppliers, etc., procured for global expansion, communication methods: corporate policy briefing/various subcommittees; supported activities of the pacific glocal association; supplier questionnaire; practitioners' meeting; ethics and complaint consultation desk, and independent consultation desks stakeholders: employees , principles of conduct: from the perspective of respect for human rights and dignity, we will provide a workplace where all employees can work at ease in an environment that allows them to find work they can be proud of and encourages them to demonstrate their creativity and spirit of challenge., main stakeholders: approximately 4,763 employees at 24 bases in 9 countries worldwide, including 1,133 temporary employees and their families, communication methods: dialogue with labor-management council; evaluation interview; education and training; health and safety committee; ethics and complaint counseling services/independent counseling services; the company newsletter published monthly ; stress check trend analysis stakeholders: shareholders/investors/financial institution , principles of conduct: in order to garner trust and meet the expectations of our shareholders, we will place importance on bilateral communication and continuously strive to improve our corporate value by taking a long-term view., main stakeholders: 5,949 shareholders 27 financial institutions, 36 financial instruments dealers, 117 other domestic corporations, 179 foreign corporations, etc., 5589 individuals and others , domestic and foreign individuals, institutional investors, financial institutions, etc., communication methods: general meeting of shareholders; financial results briefing; briefing sessions for individual and institutional investors; esg meeting; information disclosure on our website stakeholders: communities , principles of conduct: in addition to contributing to the sustainable development of society through close partnership and cooperation with local communities, we also engage in social contribution activities support for academics/culture/sports, participation in volunteer activities, international community contributions, etc. to build bonds with local communities., main stakeholders: 24 bases in 9 countries around the world and, in particular, municipalities where our sites are located, and areas where employees live, etc., communication methods: communication with local and global governments, regional round-table meetings; regional round-table meetings; impressions during the plant tour; opinions during community contribution activities; sports promotion; travel to schools for education; dialogue with npos stakeholders: environment , principles of conduct: we always recognize the importance of environmental conservation in all our business activities, comply with laws and regulations related to the environment, and actively engage in environmental conservation activities based on our "environmental policies.", main stakeholders: natural environment in deployment areas and value chains forests, rivers, oceans, atmosphere, soil, resources, etc. table end.
sustainability ratings and endorsement ecovadis: silver medal cdp: "a-" for climate change, "b" for water resources, "leaderboard" for supplier engagement rating on climate change ftse blossom japan sector relative index tcfd: 2022 s&p/jpx carbon efficient index: 7th decile, information disclosure status "disclosed" 健康経営優良法人 health and productivity パートナーシップ構築宣言 partnership declaration sustainability management based on materiality four pillars : fostering trust with stakeholders , materiality : corporate ethics and compliance, objective ideal state : as a foundation for sustainability management, raise ethical standards of all employees as well as their pride in the company and their work, and fulfill our responsibilities to society., major initiatives fy2022 onward : implementation and correction of "code of conduct" self-assessment, anti-corruption and compliance awareness and fraud prevention, implementation of awareness-raising and education at all levels, and dissemination of information through internal newsletters four pillars : solving social and customer issues through products , materiality : responsible procurement, objective ideal state : work together throughout supply chains to address social issues such as human rights and environmental concerns., major initiatives fy2022 onward : review, development, and dissemination of the "supplier sustainability guidelines", supplier sustainability risk assessments, auditing and support for suppliers of concern, non-use of conflict mineral resources in supply chains, awareness-raising for suppliers on bcp, and parts procurement status surveys for overseas components four pillars : minimizing environmental load , materiality : improvement in customer satisfaction, objective ideal state : increase customer trust in the long term by improving our quality and reputation for sustainability., major initiatives fy2022 onward : extension of product life cycles by achieving high quality, reducing waste, and improving evaluation of ecovadis and cdp, which has been requested by several customers four pillars : respecting human resources and their active participation , materiality : local community development, objective ideal state : contribute to attractive development of local communities, which are the foundation of our corporate activities, and strive for co-existence and co-prosperity with our stakeholders., major initiatives fy2022 onward : support for fostering of the next generation in education, scientific research, manufacturing, etc.; biodiversity conservation activities; support for culture and sports such as ogaki minamo, fc gifu, and soft tennis; promotion of global contributions to local communities; and formulation of plans for local support activities in times of disaster table end.
19 pacific industrial co., ltd.
sustainability report 2022 pacific industrial co., ltd.
sustainability report 2022 key performance indicators kpis and achievements in fy2021 table: sustainability kpis and achievements sdgs: 12.8, 16.5, kpi: implementation rate of "code of conduct" survey self-assessment, scope: group, target fy: 2022, target value: 85%, major achievements in fy2021: conducted employee questionnaires regarding our code of conduct, including 8 overseas companies.
73% of the group conducted them.
awareness-raising, education, deployment of internal newsletters and mail magazines on the sdgs to all levels., page: p24 sdgs: 3.9, 6.3, 6.4, 7.3, 8.7, 8.8, 11.5, 12.2, 12.4, 12.5, 13.1-13.3, kpi: company ratio purchase amount base for survey of supplier compliance with "supplier sustainability guidelines", scope: group, target fy: 2025, target value: 80%, major achievements in fy2021: implementation of deployment to suppliers and self-assessment based on "supplier sustainability guidelines" non-consolidated, implemented at 80% or more.
average compliance rate 95% . conducted sdgs-related study sessions for major suppliers.
conflict minerals survey., page: p25 sdgs: 7.3, 12.2, 12.4, 12.5, 13.2, 13.3, kpi: number of recalls issued, scope: group, target fy: –, target value: 0 cases, major achievements in fy2021: 0 recalls group . 20 awards received from customers.
promotion of start and ssa activities.
maintained cdp scores and improved ecovadis rating., page: p26 sdgs: 4.5, 4.7, 10.2, 11.5, 17.16, 17.17, kpi: number of social contribution activities implemented, scope: group, target fy: 2022, target value: 130 cases, major achievements in fy2021: ongoing sponsorship and donations.
ongoing mask production and distribution to communities.
support for creating places for children.
participation in the sdgs exploratory learning program for high school students jointly organized by industry, academia, and government., page: p27 sdgs: 9.5, 11.2, kpi: number of products developed that solve social issues, scope: group, target fy: 2030, target value: 20 cases, major achievements in fy2021: identify development projects for products that solve social-issues 8 projects: 2 launched, 6 in development . launched "capsule sense" cattle body condition monitoring system., page: p29 sdgs: 3.6, kpi: ratio of uhtss versus all stamping products, scope: group, target fy: 2024, target value: 25%, major achievements in fy2021: development and sales expansion of uhtss sold stamping products.
ratio of uhtss versus all stamping products: 23.2%., page: p30 sdgs: 7.3, 9.4, 11.2, 12.2, 12.5, 13.2, 13.3, kpi: sales ratio for electrified vehicle products, scope: group, target fy: 2025, target value: 600 million, major achievements in fy2021: development of next-generation tpms.
sales expansion tpms for the aftermarket and motorcycles.
number of tpms products and tpms valves sold fy2021 : 109 million., page: p30, p31 sdgs: 7.2, 7.3, 13.1, 13.2, 13.3, kpi: co2 emissions, scope: group, target fy: 2030, target value: 50% reduction scope 1,2, compared to fy2019 , major achievements in fy2021: received an 'a-' from cdp for our leadership level on climate change and was named to the supplier engagement 'leaderboard' for the second year in a row.
conducted scenario analysis based on tcfd.
achieved 100% renewable electricity at three bases in kurihara, wakayanagi and kyusyu plant on april 2022., page: p38 sdgs: 9.4, 12.2, 12.4, 12.5, kpi: amount of waste generated, scope: group, target fy: 2030, target value: domestic 60% reduction, overseas 30% reduction compared to fy2019 , major achievements in fy2021: transformed sludge into usable material at the kurihara plant and reduced waste plastic at the higashi ogaki plant.
amount of wastes as a group: 2,256t 36.9% reduction in japan, 24.2% reduction overseas compared to fy2019 ., page: p38 sdgs: 3.9, 6.3, 6.4, kpi: amount of water used, scope: group, target fy: 2030, target value: appropriate use, major achievements in fy2021: reduce water consumption by operating our downsized ed-coat facilities.
water usage as a group: 1,374 thousand cubic meters 21.2% reduction compared to fy2019 ., page: p38 sdgs: 5.1, 8.7, 8.8, 10.2, 10.3, kpi: implementation rate of human rights survey saq , scope: group, target fy: 2022, target value: 85%, major achievements in fy2021: implemented 73% of human rights surveys based on self-checks for the code of conduct group . incorporation of human rights education into tiered education programs.
enlightenment through company newsletter.
education for our main business partners., page: p39 sdgs: 8.5, kpi: turnover rate, scope: pacific industrial, target fy: 2025, target value: 1.5% or less, major achievements in fy2021: reduce the burden on employees by changing the start time of some plants.
convert non-regular employees into regular employees 30 people . turnover rate 2.5%., page: p39 sdgs: 8.8, kpi: lost-time injury frequency rate, scope: group, target fy: –, target value: 0, major achievements in fy2021: promoting "top6" activities to prevent serious accidents.
continuous implementation of rank-specific safety education.
pacific industrial group health declaration and recognized in "2022 certified health & productivity management outstanding organizations recognition program large corporation category "., page: p40 sdgs: 4.4, 8.2, kpi: training hours of training per employee per employee, scope: pacific industrial, target fy: 2025, target value: 30hrs/person, major achievements in fy2021: considering that the basis of human resource development is "where ability meets compassion", we completely reviewed the program as an effective education that allows you to acquire them in a well-balanced manner.
adding new education to improve "psychological safety"., page: p41 sdgs: 10.2, 10.3, 5.5, 5b, kpi: ratio of women in managerial positions, scope: pacific industrial, group, target fy: 2030, target value: 5% or over, 14% or over, major achievements in fy2021: strengthen target for ratio female hires 10%→20% . result is 26% as of september 2022. promoting male employees to take childcare leave.
rate of females in management positions 9.9% as a group, 3.0% as a pacific industrial., page: p41 table end.
management the pacific industrial group endeavors to continuously promote sustainability management by building a management structure that maintains and enhances the efficiency of management and the fairness and transparency of our corporate activities.
board members and audit & supervisory board members title: outside board member, name: masako hayashi, title: managing officer, member of the board, name: terumi noda title: outside board member, name: osamu motojima, title: managing officer, member of the board, name: hisashi kayukawa title: executive vice president, member of the board, name: tetsushi ogawa, title: audit & supervisory board member, name: makoto yamamura title: president, member of the board, name: shinya ogawa, title: outside audit & supervisory board member, name: ayao sakakibara title: outside audit & supervisory board member, name: tomoyuki shinkai, title: audit & supervisory board member, name: kazuya kakishita table end.
basic approach to corporate governance our group makes it our basic policy to comply with our corporate governance code, and we believe that fulfilling our social responsibility while building strong relationships with our stakeholders will increase our corporate value.
to enhance the strategic nature of discussions and the mobility of decision-making, year by year we have reduced the number of directors and, since june 2021, management structure has been such that independent outside directors account for more than one-third of the board.
we are also implementing initiatives to improve governance, such as establishing a nomination and remuneration committee made up of a majority of outside directors, making our gender selection process more gender-conscious, and reducing cross-shareholdings.
corporate governance framework efficiency in business execution our group has adopted an executive officer system to separate the functions of the board of directors, which is responsible for management supervision, and executive officers, which are responsible for business execution.
we have established a corporate strategy committee and a management committee to act as deliberative bodies for important matters related to business execution, striving to ensure efficient operation of the board of directors by thoroughly deliberating on matters prior to consulting the board.
outside director support system in order to ensure efficient and effective management by our board of directors, our group has established a support system for its outside directors.
to give outside directors the opportunity to perform to the best of their ability, we provide advance explanations of matters up for discussion and the outside directors’ council, which consists of outside directors, meets monthly to exchange information and share recognition based on their independent and objective standpoints so that meaningful discussions can be held at board of directors meetings.
general meeting of shareholders notes: the diagram shows the relationship between the audit & supervisory board, board of directors, management committee, committees, and business units, centers, and group companies.
the arrows indicate the flow of information and responsibilities.
director expertise and experience director skill matrix table: director skill matrix name: shinya ogawa, management/governance: ●, manufacturing/human resource development: ●, r&d/technology: ●, legal/risk management: ●, international experience: ●, sales and procurement: ● name: tetsushi ogawa, management/governance: ●, manufacturing/human resource development: ●, r&d/technology: ●, legal/risk management: ●, international experience: ●, sales and procurement: ● name: hisashi kayukawa, management/governance: ●, manufacturing/human resource development: ●, r&d/technology: ● name: terumi noda, manufacturing/human resource development: ●, finance/accounting: ●, international experience: ●, sales and procurement: ● name: osamu motojima, r&d/technology: ●, international experience: ●, sales and procurement: ● name: masako hayashi, manufacturing/human resource development: ●, legal/risk management: ●, international experience: ● table end.
officer remuneration to ensure objectivity and transparency for director remuneration, remuneration policies and systems are decided by the board of directors after consulting with the nomination and remuneration committee, which is majority composed of outside directors.
under our remuneration system, director remuneration consists of basic fixed , performance-linked, and stock-based.
with respect to performance-linked remuneration, we have incorporated a medium to long-term perspective and have adopted consolidated ordinary income ratio and consolidated return on equity as indicators.
in addition to providing incentives for medium-to long-term corporate value enhancement, eligible directors are remunerated by the grant of restricted stock to help promote further value sharing with shareholders.
compensation for outside directors and audit & supervisory board members is set at a fixed base rate to ensure their objectivity and independence.
internal audit and audit by audit & supervisory board members the audit & supervisory board consists of four members in all, of which two are full-time audit & supervisory board members and the other two are outside audit & supervisory board members.
a staffed audit & supervisory board member's dept.
is provided to assist them.
the full-time audit & supervisory board members receive audit reports from the internal audit department, and give the internal audit department instructions on audit policies and important audited items, if necessary.
the outside audit & supervisory board members, who are lawyers or certified accountants, give expert advice at meetings with the board of directors.
these audit & supervisory board members hold meetings with representative directors, accounting auditors and the internal audit department on a regular basis or from time to sustainability management the pacific industrial group aims to achieve sdgs and contribute to a sustainable society through sustainability management, which manages our business from a long-term perspective while giving consideration to the impact on our stakeholders.
we will strategically promote sustainability management by identifying 15 material topics that we and our stakeholders feel are particularly relevant, and integrating them into our business activities.
specifically, we formed the sustainability promotion team, which is linked to the four identified pillars, and set targets for 15 material topics and implemented initiatives, qualitative and quantitative assessments, and sustainability management disclose information.
activities are overseen by the sustainability promotion committee, and progress and issues are shared and improved at meetings the promotion committee, which will be held four times each year.
at the same time, important matters are reported to the board of directors at least once a year, and consulted with the management and corporate strategy committees as appropriate to effectively promote efforts to address sustainability issues.
materiality will be reviewed as necessary in accordance with the status of achievement and changes in the business environment.
promotional system of sustainability management a diagram showing the hierarchical structure of the sustainability promotion system, from the board of directors down to the sustainability promotion teams.
risk management in the situation where risks surrounding corporate management are increasingly diversified and becoming complex, the pacific industrial group has established a risk management system to systematically implement risk mitigation measures.
we identify management risks that management considers important, and implement countermeasures step by step from a long-term perspective.
with regard to risks related to daily operations, each department continuously carries out activities to minimize the impact.
for these risk reduction activities, we check and follow up on the progress of countermeasures at risk management meeting to prevent risks from occurring and improve the level of risk management as a company-wide initiative.
management risks that the group is working to reduce are described in the "business risks" section of the securities report, and are disclosed to stakeholders widely.
information security we recognize the importance of enhancing information security across the entire group, including our subsidiaries in and outside japan, to prepare for the increasingly advanced and sophisticated cyberattacks, are making every effort to improve system countermeasures and operational rules.
in addition, we continuously train and educate our employees to raise awareness to ensure that each and every employee is fully aware of this issue.
as a measure against covid-19, we have built a telework environment, and expanded the use of web conferencing.
we have also taken appropriate security measures for these initiatives.
table: number of employees who passed it-related national examinations pacific industrial examination: information security management examination, number of employees: 45 examination: it passport examination, number of employees: 186 examination: systems administrator examination, number of employees: 145 table end.
no content was generated for page 24. fostering trust with stakeholders responsible procurement for fair business practices in april 2022, we announced a “declaration of partnership building” in support of the purpose of the “council on promoting partnership building for cultivating the future,” in which the cabinet office and the ministry of economy, trade and industry participate.
in accordance with this declaration, we aim to realize long-term co-existence and co-prosperity based on good partnerships with our suppliers.
our views are set out in our “basic procurement policies,” which are available in the "procurement" section of our website.
we also hold company policy briefings with our major suppliers twice a year to share and discuss our policies and business issues, and have an evaluation system and recognize suppliers that demonstrated outstanding performance by presenting them with awards once a year in our effort to strengthen our partnership with them.
in addition, we were chosen by the japan chamber of commerce and industry as one of the “twenty cases of co-existence and co-prosperity initiatives by local smes and large enterprises ” in july 2020. initiatives with suppliers the pacific glocal association consists of 36 of our major suppliers to strengthen our management base and improve our manufacturing capabilities.
we jointly conduct plant tours, safety and quality improvement activities, and study sessions.
in fy2021, amidst the covid-19 pandemic, we worked to “level up” each company by way of web-based safety and quality workshops.
this past august, the sustainability study group held a session on sdgs and carbon neutrality, and confirmed respect for human rights and proper employment regarding technical interns.
in addition, we share and discuss information concerning management issues and countermeasures with our major suppliers through visits and web-based interviews, and work to inform them about public subsidies, grants related carbon neutrality, and other support information.
furthermore, we provide cyber security consultation and promote security measures with our suppliers.
sustainability procurement we created our supplier sustainability guidelines with the aim of promoting sustainability throughout the supply chain to address social issues such as human rights issues, bad labor practices, environmental concerns, immoral behavior, and corruption.
these guidelines were revised in 2021, and we ask our suppliers to further promote activities regarding compliance and anti-corruption, human rights and labor, the environment, quality and safety, information security, business continuity, and social contributions.
we investigate environment-impacting substances delivered by our suppliers using japia standard material datasheets.
we have also issued the “green procurement guidelines” to promote environment-conscious procurement practices for technologies and products.
as for conflict minerals, we investigate to the end of our supply chains using the conflict minerals reporting template cmrt and extended minerals reporting template emrt published by the responsible minerals initiative rmi as research tools.
in february 2022, we conducted training for our procurement staff on sustainable procurement incl.
importance and background of sustainability, co2 reduction in lca, human rights issues, etc. and the subcontract act 4 obligations and 11 prohibited acts of parent business operators . 77% of our procurement stakeholders participated.
we conducted surveys with many of our suppliers, which in total account for 80% of our total domestic procurement quantity, to further inform them of the “supplier sustainability guidelines” and confirm their compliance.
the average compliance rate was about 95%.
going forward, we will continue to work on building responsible procurement networks by asking our suppliers to improve on any issues that have become apparent, and by strengthening communication with them and providing them with support.
improvement in customer satisfaction aiming to become a no.
1 manufacturer by “manufacturing with persistency” the pacific industrial group recognizes that human resource development is the very foundation of manufacturing.
we are committed to passing on our manufacturing dna and achieving cost reductions for further evolution.
we base our manufacturing practices on the toyota production system, and take the “go and see for yourself” approach to implement kaizen improvement initiatives at all production across the entire group.
each of our sites conducts proactive initiatives, such as self-driven award systems to recognize quality improvement, or activities to transmit skills to our next generation of employees.
in fy2020 in the activities of the tps-based projects conducted customers first, quality first we uphold jikotei kanketsu defect-free process completion as our basic principle to ensure that no defects are passed along to the next process and that our customers are satisfied with our products.
to establish a quality assurance system that meets global standards, quality is built into all processes starting with the preliminary design and production stage.
in addition, we continue to engage in the “start” project, the global quality improvement initiative to prevent future defects, and the smart standard activity ssa to optimize quality standards by recognizing the gap between customer end-user needs and the value provided.
in 2021, ssa added “closeness activities,” in which toyota motor corporation, our main customer, actively listen to the problems of our suppliers, and it has become a valuable pillar of our activities that has produced many positive results.
in addition, all our offices and plants in japan obtained certification for iso 9001, an international standard on quality management systems, strengthening our quality assurance system consistently applied throughout all stages from development to production.
there were zero recalls throughout the globe for fy2021.
kpi sasb tr-ap-250a.
1 enhancing customer satisfaction we make continuous improvements based on the information collected by our sales dept.
and quality dept.
from our customers, and enhance customer satisfaction so that we can meet the expectations and needs of our customers.
we also hold technology exhibitions and give technical presentations in and outside japan to introduce our new products, technologies and methods to our customers.
sdgs and co2 reduction are issues of great interest to our customers, and we are focusing on proposing products that contribute to those endeavors as well.
at the request of our customers, we participate in the cdp supplier program and were evaluated by ecovadis, a global csr evaluation organization for suppliers, and awarded the 2022 silver medal.
awards from customers fy2021 table: awards from customers fy2021 awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: toyota motor corporation, award: project prize for multi-material lightweight undercovers, type: cost, awarded company: usa pmo, award given by: american honda motor, award: 2020 supplier performance award, type: quality awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: kyuaikai of toyota motor kyushu, inc., award: quality excellence award, type: quality, awarded company: usa pmo, award given by: toyota motor north america, award: excellent va achievement award, type: cost awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: nissan motor co., ltd., award: certificate of quality excellence, type: quality, awarded company: usa pmo, award given by: subaru of indiana automotive, award: sia excellent performance award supplier excellence award , type: quality awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: nikkan kogyo shimbun, award: cho-monozukuri parts grand prize “mobility-related components award”, type: quality, awarded company: usa pmt, award given by: toyota motor north america, award: 89 b launch award, type: overall awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: chubu bureau of economy, trade & industry gifu invention association, award: director-general's award of 2021 gifu inventions exhibition, type: overall, awarded company: usa spu, award given by: general motors, award: 2020 supplier quality excellence award, type: quality awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: toyota motor corporation, award: excellence award for environmental promotion, type: overall, awarded company: thailand pit, award given by: air systems thailand , award: best delivery award 2020, type: overall awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: toyota motor corporation, award: certificate of appreciation for va activities, type: cost, awarded company: thailand pit, award given by: siam toyota manufacturing co., ltd., award: “bronze” certificated for toyota 3pillars activities in ptw/ptr, type: overall awarded company: japan pacific industrial, award given by: aisin corporation, award: cost excellence award, type: cost, awarded company: china tpa, award given by: gac toyota motor co., ltd, award: excellent person for 2020 gac quality improvement activity, type: quality awarded company: taiwan pvt, award given by: kuozui motors, award: cost improvement excellence award, type: cost, awarded company: china tpa, award given by: sichuan faw toyota motor co.,ltd./ftce, award: quality excellence award, type: quality awarded company: taiwan pvt, award given by: kuozui motors, award: ssa smart standard activity promotion award, type: quality, awarded company: china tpa, award given by: gac toyota motor co., ltd, award: quality cooperation award, type: quality table end.
pvt...
pacific valve taiwan co., ltd., pmo...
pacific manufacturing ohio, inc.
pmt...
pacific manufacturing tennessee, inc.
spu...schrader-bridgeport international, inc.
pit...
pacific industries thailand co., ltd.
tpa...
tianjin pacific auto parts co., ltd.
local community development nurturing the next generation support for creating places for children we provide ongoing support to citizen groups and other organizations that work to create places for children.
since fiscal 2021, we have donated a total of 2.5 million yen, as well as educational equipment, to the ogaki city council of social welfare and three other civic organizations to support children who will lead the next generation.
sdgs education for high school students we participated in a joint industry, academia, and government learning program on the theme of the sdgs three sessions in total and exchanged opinions with third-year students at ogaki higashi high school.
we also gave a lecture on carbon neutrality initiatives at the “environmental sdgs ogaki future lecture” for second-year students at ogaki technical high school.
the ogawa science and technology foundation established by the late soichi ogawa, the company founder, the ogawa science and technology foundation awards grants to researchers in universities, technical colleges, high schools, and other institutions in gifu prefecture each year to contribute to the promotion of science and technology and the development of local industries.
in fy2021, the foundation provided grants totaling 15.35 million yen to 23 research projects.
218.14 million yen in cumulative total biodiversity global environment juku of gifu in collaboration with residents, industry, government, and academia, our employees give lectures on environmental issues to local elementary school students and their parents.
we considered the effects of global warming and what we can do to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
pacific satoyama woodland in 2009, the pacific industry group initiated various projects to learn about environmental conservation and a recycling-oriented society at the “pacific satoyama woodland” in kamiishizu-cho, ogaki city, gifu prefecture with our employees, their families and community residents.
a total of 3,800 people participated in the projects with 1,665 trees planted to date.
stonefly watching we support “stonefly watching”, a water quality survey project conducted by an elementary school next to our head office and nishi ogaki plant.
we continue to support this program so that people can observe living creatures in and around rivers, and thereby gain a deeper understanding of water quality preservation, environmental issues, and biodiversity.
supporting sports promotion soft tennis teams our soft tennis team has been given an enhanced designation by gifu prefecture, and both the men’s and women’s teams belong to the japan corporate team league, the top league, and play in tournaments throughout japan.
in addition, gifunite was established in cooperation with 12 other teams based in gifu prefecture that are active in professional leagues and top leagues.
we strive to promote sports by interacting with the local community, for example, by coaching at joint practices with ogaki technical high school.
ogaki minamo softball club ogaki minamo softball club is operated by 11 supporting companies including our company and local governments, and belongs to the jd league of the japan women’s softball league organization.
in addition, our president has been the chairman of the “ogaki minamo softball club support association” since its establishment, and is making efforts to strengthen and develop the club.
fc gifu as its top partner, the entire group supports fc gifu, which belongs to the j3 league.
in july 2022, we held the pacific industrial thanks match, in which employees, their families, and parents and children of local youth groups enjoyed a game.
support for disaster prevention and reconstruction if a disaster occurs, the company considers things like the provision of its organizational capabilities, materials, equipment and technology, rescue activities by employees, and the opening of company-owned facilities as temporary shelters, and promotes activities to build disaster-resistant areas in cooperation with local communities.
in 2021, we signed a disaster prevention agreement with ogaki city in gifu prefecture, where our head office is located, so that local residents of ogaki city can use the cafeteria at our head office if there is a shortage of disaster evacuation sites.
donation activities we make donations to support reconstruction and activities that contribute to the local community, including donations to areas affected by typhoons and floods, as well as anniversary projects for local high schools and universities.
we also make donations to local governments.
table: donations thousands of yen fiscal year: 2017, donation amount: 21,000 fiscal year: 2018, donation amount: 12,000 fiscal year: 2019, donation amount: 20,000 fiscal year: 2020, donation amount: 19,000 fiscal year: 2021, donation amount: 21,000 table end.
contributing to local communities globally traffic safety activities traffic safety activities need to be considered and done not only with our employees, but also with their families, especially elementary school children and the elderly.
we distributed traffic safety textbooks received from the toyota mobility foundation to the children of our employees, company alumni, and elementary schools near each plant.
we carried out traffic safety enlightenment activities in cooperation with the ogaki police station and local governments, and received a letter of appreciation from ogaki police station.
social contribution activities in overseas countries table: social contribution activities summary country: thailand, location: pit, activity: donated a total of 50,000 baht approx.
170,000 yen to 10 local elementary schools activity: worked with local aid organizations to help victims of flooding caused by heavy rains., details: donated a total of 100,000 baht approx.
340,000 yen in rice, tissue paper, and other items.
activity: donated 150 alcohol gel bottles to a local hospital country: u.s., location: pmo, activity: blood donation volunteer every 3 months.
about 70 people participated in 2021 country: u.s., location: pmt, activity: donated christmas gifts for children based on their wishes.
country: south korea, location: pac, activity: made donations and provided daily necessities to children fighting serious diseases and children from disadvantaged families., details: donated 1.2 million won about 1.2 million yen in fy2021 country: france, location: spf, activity: donated to the french cultural heritage site château de joux restoration project., details: along with spf, donated a total of 20,000 euros approx.
2.5 million yen to the preservation of local cultural heritage.
number of social contribution activities conducted fy2021 total: 129 cases domestic: 117 cases overseas: 12 cases breakdown of domestic activities: neighborhood associations and shrines regional development : 16 cases education, culture, arts, and sports promotion: 59 cases industrial promotion: 11 cases welfare, crime prevention, greenery: 31 cases donation to elementary school, support for flood victims, donations to castle restoration projects, etc.: 12 cases notes: the images in the original document show various photos of the company's social contribution activities.
specific details about the activities are included in the text descriptions accompanying each image.
concept of technological development as we enter an era of great change in mobility, and against the backdrop of the growing importance of sustainability issues, we are accelerating the development of lca and carbon-neutral technologies in the mobility field.
we are proposing products that consider the changing nature of mobility and are taking on the challenge of new fields by utilizing our core technologies, in cooperation with external parties.
our main focus is on ultra-high tensile strength steel uhtss and aluminum products that contribute to weight reduction, and we develop molding products to improve comfort performance, which is becoming increasingly important with the shift to electric power.
in our valve business, while creating synergy with schrader, we are accelerating development to expand our tpms business domain, as well as product development for electrified vehicles by leveraging our core technologies, such as sensing and fluid control technologies.
in addition to investing in the development of these mainstay products, we are also actively taking on the challenge of developing new businesses that anticipate social and customer issues by utilizing sensing technology and other technologies with a view to expanding our business domain over the long term.
in our stamping business, we continue to improve upon our advanced structural analysis technology, participate in mobility development from further upstream stages, and accumulate knowhow for manufacturing.
we are also focusing on original product development in the molding, valve, tpms areas, as well as new businesses, and are actively pursuing patents, aiming to create societal and customer value.
contribution to a sustainable mobility society and prosperous living we are actively developing new products for areas other than the mobility field that contribute to solving social issues by leveraging our core technologies as part of our contribution to the sdgs through our business.
two products have already been launched and are being marketed, and another six products are under development.
we will continue to synchronize the sustainability of society with the sustainability of the company by actively developing products that focus on social issues such as the sdgs.
products that solve social issues progress: launched, products and services: e-waves, targets for solving social issues: appropriate management of pharmaceuticals and foodstuffs co2 reduction through smart logistics reduction of quality problems and waste loss, highly relevant sdgs: 2 food loss 3 vaccination 13 co2 reduction progress: launched, products and services: capsule sense, targets for solving social issues: improved decent work environment and productivity for producers use of limited resources and labor reduced environmental impact per cow by shortening the fattening period, highly relevant sdgs: 2 feed reduction 8 decent work 13 climate change progress: in development, products and services: products for disasters, targets for solving social issues: solving problems during disasters improve resilience to disasters, highly relevant sdgs: 11 sustainable cities and communities 12 reuse etc. progress: in development, products and services: urethane recycled product, targets for solving social issues: contribute to the circularization of mobility, highly relevant sdgs: 12 reuse etc. progress: in development, products and services: devices for disasters, targets for solving social issues: contributing to adaptation to climate change improving resilience in the event of a disaster, highly relevant sdgs: 11 sustainable cities and communities 13 climate change adaptation etc. progress: in development, products and services: devices for mobility, targets for solving social issues: improve mobility safety, highly relevant sdgs: 3.3 eradication of traffic accidents etc. progress: in development, products and services: valves for mobility, targets for solving social issues: improve mobility safety, highly relevant sdgs: 3.3 eradication of traffic accidents etc. progress: in development, products and services: self-care products, targets for solving social issues: promoting health care in an aging society reduction in medical expenses, highly relevant sdgs: 3 improvement of healthy life expectancy/medical cost reduction table end.
a new product that reduces the workload of livestock producers and improves productivity the livestock industry is facing challenges in improving productivity and passing down technology due to large-scale management by a small number of people, aging managers, lack of successors, and other factors.
to help solve this issue, we have newly developed “capsule sense” using our sensing technology.
monitoring conditions in the cow’s stomach via sensors helps to prevent losses due to missed estrus, calving, and disease, and this will contribute to sustainable livestock production by reducing the burden on livestock producers.
increased efficiency will also contribute to reducing the environmental impact per animal.
product features estrus, calving, disease, and drinking water all in one: by inserting this sensor into the stomach, more information can be obtained with higher accuracy than with neck or foot-mounted devices, and it can be used for both beef and dairy cattle.
ideal for managing physical condition: drinking water information enables more detailed physical condition management than ever before.
it can also capture minor changes that may have been missed in the past.
early detection and treatment of illnesses: fever from inflammatory reactions will not be missed, minimizing economic losses for farmers.
maintenance-free: no maintenance is required for 5 years after being turned on, making it economical to use for a long time without fear of contact failure or loss.
system overview improving mobility safety tpms contributes to mobility safety and fuel efficiency we are the only transmitter manufacturer in japan that develops and produces tire pressure monitoring system tpms , which monitors the air pressure and temperature inside tires and alerts the driver to abnormalities while driving.
tpms is an outgrowth of the tire valve, our founding product.
by maintaining proper tire pressure, tpms can prevent accidents, improve safety, and contribute to fuel efficiency.
in europe, america, and many other countries around the world, the use of these products is mandatory by law, and they contribute to society as our group’s primary products.
we are also working to expand further by developing transmitters for the aftermarket and for motorcycles.
our products contribute to improved mobility and pedestrian safety many of our mainstay stamping products are used in vehicles that require particular strength and rigidity to ensure driver safety.
this hinge is used to open and close the hood bonnet of an automobile.
it has the function of softening the impact of pedestrians in the event of a car accident.
this part, reinforcement hood lock hook, is installed in toyota’s fcev “mirai”.
to reduce the impact on a pedestrian’s head in the event of an accident, we use friction stir welding fsw to change the thickness of the plate in one part, thus achieving both opposing performances of strength and softness.
development of environment-conscious products products for electrified vehicles demand for control valves for heat pump type automotive air conditioners is increasing.
against the backdrop of the severe impacts of climate change, the global mobility market is rapidly shifting toward electrified vehicles.
in particular, fcevs and bevs need to employ heat pump/air conditioners to reduce battery power consumption because they do not have a source of heat from the engine.
our group is taking on the challenge of developing and expanding sales of new products for heat pumps and air conditioners in japan, europe, and the united states, utilizing technology we have cultivated in valves and control equipment, and positioning it as one of the next pillars of growth.
this product is a collaborative project between japan, france, and the u.s., promoting synergy creation from development to sales.
comments from the companies pacific industrial japan m.t, valve design development sect.2, valve & tpms business group we have succeeded in developing a control valve with a more precise structure using the technology and know-how we cultivated in the air conditioner for home appliances, and will further develop this product to make it a new pillar of valve products for electrification.
spf france j.l, evtm program manager spf has continued to develop efficiently by sharing various technologies involving the elements with pacific industrial, and last year finally laid the foundation for future business with an emerging european automaker.
spu u.s. r-d left , product design engineer, product development.
p-g right , senior product design engineer, product development.
attention is focused on spu's support of the interior climate control standards committee of sae for over 20 years and the extensive capabilities and technical knowledge of the expansion valves developed and matured by pacific industrial.
wheel caps with weight reduction and improved aerodynamics our wheel caps have been used mainly for decorative purposes on steel wheels, but they are increasingly being used for aluminum wheels, including those for the prius.
toyota's new bev “bz4x” features our wheel caps on large 18-inch aluminum wheels.
by attaching wheel caps on top of lightweight designed aluminum wheels, both characteristics of "light weight" and "aerodynamic performance" streamlining air flowing on the sides of the vehicle are achieved, contributing to lower vehicle electricity costs.
our wheel caps are adopted in the toyota motor bev "bz4x" urethane parts adopted in electrified vehicles our urethane parts have been used mainly for sound insulation against engine noise.
in recognition of our track record in engines, our urethane parts have also been used to prevent noise from electric compressors used in car air-conditioning systems.
the radiated sound frequency band differs between engines and electric compressors, so we have developed new materials for electric compressors, resulting in a product with high sound insulation performance that meets the needs of our customers.
s.h, design development sect., stamping & plastic molding business group we have developed in-house equipment to measure the soundproofing performance of components, enabling us to propose optimal specifications before customers conduct their own performance evaluations.
we intend to use this equipment in future product development to make proposals faster and better.
uhtss / cold stamping products in addition to contributing to reducing co2 emissions during driving by reducing the vehicle body weight with thinner and stronger stamping products for car body frames, we are actively promoting development and proposals for carbon neutrality based on lca . we are actively proposing replacing the hot stamping method, high co2 emissions during its production, with the cold stamping method using our accumulated knowhow and cutting-edge stamping technology.
our calculations stress reverse® forming we collaborated with jfe steel to commercialize a 1470 mpa ultra-high tensile strength material using the stress reverse® forming by cold stamping method which contributes to the reduction of co2 emissions during manufacturing.
in a large-scale project that began in 2016, a roof reinforcement which overcame many difficult problems such as spring back ² during molding, was adopted for the new lexus nx.
1 stress reverse® forming is a registered trademark of jfe steel corporation.
2 spring back: a phenomenon in which the material returns to its original shape when it is removed from the die during press forming due to the property of high tensile strength steel being difficult to stretch or easily distorted, making it difficult to attain the desired shape.
engineer's comments m.k simultaneous engineering promotion sect., stamping & plastic molding business group the amount of spring back in the cold 1470 mpa material is extremely large, so the biggest challenge for the press forming of this product was how to control the spring back.
after verification through cae analysis and test trials, we successfully reduced spring back by combining the new method with existing countermeasure technologies, and successfully controlled variations in product accuracy due to the materials.
cae analysis: an abbreviation for computer aided engineering, which is simulation and analysis using a computer.
won an award from a customer for reduction in environmental impact of forged products.
we received the “2021 cost excellence award” from our customer aisin, for our carriers, which is a transmission part for toyota's land cruiser and the north american vehicles, the tundra and the sequoia.
the mold life was improved by reviewing the shape and structure, contributing to cost reduction, and the environmental aspect of the project was highly rated as it led to reductions in co2 emissions and liquid waste by eliminating the coating process.
kpis and monitoring indicators contribution to a sustainable mobility society and prosperous living table: kpis and monitoring indicators fy2020-fy2021 kpi category: number of products developed that solve social issues, kpi description: number of products developed that solve social issues, fy2020: –, fy2021: 8 kpi category: number of patents, kpi description: number of patents, fy2020: 414, fy2021: 481 kpi category: r&d expenses, kpi description: r&d expenses, fy2020: 1.91 billion yen, fy2021: 1.98 billion yen, unit: billion yen kpi category: number of new themes developed, kpi description: number of new themes developed, fy2020: 56, fy2021: 46 table end.
improving mobility safety table: kpis and monitoring indicators - mobility safety fy2020-fy2021 kpi category: ratio of uhtss versus all stamping products, kpi description: ratio of uhtss versus all stamping products, fy2020: 18.5%, fy2021: 23.2%, unit: % kpi category: number of tpms products and tpms valves sold, kpi description: number of tpms products and tpms valves sold, fy2020: 106 million, fy2021: 109 million, unit: million table end.
corrected figures for fy2020.
development of environment-conscious products reference values are based on our calculations table: development of environment-conscious products fy2020-fy2021 kpi category: percentage of products sold that are 100% recyclable or reusable, kpi description: percentage of products sold that are 100% recyclable or reusable, fy2020: 64.5%, fy2021: 67.3%, unit: % kpi category: total weight of recycled or remanufactured materials, kpi description: total weight of recycled or remanufactured materials, fy2020: 16,616t, fy2021: 16,604t, unit: tons kpi category: sales ratio of products for electrified vehicles hev, phev, bev, fcev , kpi description: sales ratio of products for electrified vehicles hev, phev, bev, fcev , fy2020: 18.7%, fy2021: 21.5%, unit: % table end.
1 products made of steel, aluminum, recyclable resins, etc. 2 only as confirmed by the raw material manufacturers.
decreased due to an increase in raw material input while raw material manufacturers' recycling rates remained the same.
3 calculation method has been revised to make it as close to actual conditions as possible.
energy reduction during product use reference values are based on our calculations table: energy reduction during product use fy2021 kpi category: global medium-sized car models 100,000 kilometer/vehicle , kpi description: reduction of approx.
34 kilograms of co2, fy2021: reduction of approx.
34 kilograms of co2, unit: kilograms of co2 kpi category: weight reduction through uhtss cold stamping , kpi description: co2 reduction 13 thousand tons per applicable vehicle model, fy2021: co2 reduction 13 thousand tons per applicable vehicle model, unit: thousand tons table end.
reference values calculated by us based on the ratio of gasoline vehicle and hev sales in 2021. last year, reductions were based on hevs only, while this year’s reductions include gasoline vehicles to be closer to actual conditions.
notes: lca: life cycle assessment minimizing environmental load in keeping with our environmental philosophy, one of our corporate philosophies, the pacific industrial group has established environmental policies and are taking actions for environmental conservation at all the stages of our corporate activity with the goal of becoming an excellent company that has earned the respect of society.
environmental philosophy: we shall actively partake in protection of the global environment, and strive to be a “credible high quality company” that is respected by society.
environmental policies: we accelerate environmental load reduction activities with the participation of all employees to achieve the pacific environmental challenge 2050. pacific environmental challenge 2050 we recognize the need to understand and act on global environmental initiatives from a medium- to long-term perspective, and have established policies and targets up to 2050, and put forward targets to challenge.
as a company that conducts business on a global scale and benefits from the global environment, we will reduce the impact on the global environment as much as possible, and strive to mitigate and adapt to climate change so that future generations can live together with nature as we do now.
we will work globally to realize a sustainable society.
sdgs: sdg 13 , materiality: mitigation of and adaptation to climate change, direction of efforts: reduce co₂ emissions toward building a carbon-free society production technology development/facility upgrading production process improvement daily improvement activities introduction of renewable energies accelerate the use of recycling resources in pursuit of sustainable operations, medium- to long-term targets: kpis: reduction of co₂ emissions scope 1,2 , 2030 targets: 50% reduction from fy2019, 2050 targets: net zero sdgs: sdg 7 , medium- to long-term targets: kpis: reduction of industrial wastes, 2030 targets: 60% reduction in japan 30% reduction overseas from fy2019, 2050 targets: minimum usage sdgs: sdg 12 , materiality: sustainable resources use, direction of efforts: production technology development/facility upgrading daily improvement activities defect reduction activities material recycling sdgs: sdg 6 , materiality: conservation of water resources, direction of efforts: seek to minimize water usage and reduce water contamination risk according to local circumstances production technology development/facility upgrading daily water usage reduction activities promotion of water reuse change of surface processing specifications, medium- to long-term targets: kpis: reduction of water usage, 2030 targets: optimal usage, 2050 targets: minimum usage table end.
reduce co₂ emissions throughout the life cycle we are promoting initiatives that cover all stages, from procurement and production to use and disposal, in order to reduce co₂ emissions throughout the product lifecycle.
in addition to energy conservation and the introduction of renewable energies in our own production, we are also working with our customers and suppliers to reduce co₂ emissions, and on reducing co₂ emissions during the use of our products by reducing their weight, etc. source: prepared by us based on jama figures resource usage and emissions material balance input energy usage: electricity usage: 171 million kilowatt-hours fuel and others: 304 thousand gigajoules raw material input: organic/inorganic materials: 15,492 tonnes of which, solvents: 1,599 tonnes metallic materials: 341,458 tonnes water usage: 1,374 thousand cubic meters business process r&d design prototyping evaluation production sale output co₂ emissions: 85,233 tonnes-co₂ scope 1 17,324 tonnes-co₂, scope 2 67,909 tonnes-co₂ total amount of industrial wastes: 2,256 tonnes of which, landfill volume of pacific industrial: 42 tonnes voc emissions: 176 tonnes of which, landfill volume of pacific industrial: 132 tonnes status of iso 14001 certification the pacific industrial group considers iso 14001 certification to be an absolute requirement as a manufacturer and has actively sought to build and maintain an environment management system ems since 2000 on a global scale.
with the addition of pit, which was certified in february 2021, 19 of our 20 sites have been certified eight in japan and 11 overseas , equating to a 95% acquisition rate.
environmental communication we invite residents living near our plants and government officials to our company office regularly to host social gatherings.
we are also involved in educating the next generation through initiatives such as supporting the "environmental sdgs ogaki future lecture" for local high school students in collaboration with ogaki city.
environmental targets for fy2022 direction of efforts: co₂ emissions , targets: 11% reduction group direction of efforts: amount of industrial wastes , targets: 39% reduction in japan, 7% reduction overseas direction of efforts: water usage , targets: optimal usage group , 20% reduction excluding tsc and psc table end.
note: raw material inputs are non-consolidated figures.
minimizing environmental load disclosure of climate change-related information under the tcfd we recognize that climate change is one of the most important issues facing society, and we have declared that we will be carbon neutral by 2050, reduce co2 emissions by 50% by 2030 compared to fy2019, scope 1 or 2 , and are implementing group-wide initiatives to reduce co2 emissions.
we also endorsed the tcfd in may 2021, and are working strategically to understand the risks and opportunities of climate change.
in this report, we have organized our efforts to address climate change in line with the tcfd final recommendations.
governance the group has identified 15 material issues that are important for sustainability management, including “mitigation of and adaptation to climate change”, and categorized them into four themes.
the “mitigation of and adaptation to climate change” is led by the general manager of the safety and environment department, who works with the corporate planning department to set kpis and integrate them into business activities.
among the material topics, “mitigation of and adaptation to climate change” is recognized as the most important one.
in addition to reporting and deliberating on the status and making decisions at the sustainability promotion committee, attended by internal directors including the president, we discuss important issues individually at weekly corporate strategy committee meetings, held four times a year.
in addition, at least once a year, the board of directors deliberates on the status of sustainability activity reports and initiatives regarding risks and opportunities for climate change-related issues.
strategy our group’s risks and opportunities related to climate change were identified in line with the 1.5°c and 4°c scenarios, and the risks and opportunities recognized to date were refined.
strategies related to such risks and opportunities are developed mainly as “transition plans”, “adaptation measures”, and “development of environment-conscious products”.
risks and opportunities / scenario analysis table: risk and opportunity analysis significant risks and opportunities: transition risks significant risks and opportunities: carbon pricing and soaring energy prices, impact in a 1.5°c or less than 4°c scenario: with the spread of carbon pricing mainly in developed countries, carbon taxes, emission trading, carbon adjustment measures based on borders, etc., would have an impact of about 1.3 billion yen/year in 2030 and about 3.2 billion yen/year in 2050 in the 1.5°c scenario.
energy prices are also expected to soar when carbon prices are factored in, with energy payments expected to increase by about 1 billion yen/year in 2030 and 2.6 billion yen/year in 2050. electricity, crude oil, natural gas , term: medium- and long term, level: high, countermeasure: follow the "pacific environmental challenge 2050" and work on the following: promote energy conservation; raise icp internal carbon pricing ; replace fossil fuel heavy oil, diesel oil, kerosene, natural gas facilities with electricity-saving facilities; understand and use next-generation energy green hydrogen and methanation trends.
introduction of renewable energy solar power generation systems ; purchase of co2-free electricity and renewable electricity certificates., strategy: 1 significant risks and opportunities: soaring raw material prices incl.
steel, aluminum and resin , impact in a 1.5°c or less than 4°c scenario: with the impact of decarbonization and intensifying competition for resources, raw material prices are expected to soar, with an impact of approximately 8.5 billion yen in 2030 under the less than 4°c scenario and 23.8 billion yen under the 1.5°c scenario.
furthermore, in 2050, the impact is expected to be limited to about 1 billion yen under the less than 4°c scenario, but about 14.4 billion yen under the 1.5°c scenario., term: short- and medium term, level: high, countermeasure: follow the "pacific environmental challenge 2050" and work on the following: strengthen use of recycled materials, develop lightweight parts, and pass on any savings or increase in prices to customers., strategy: 1 significant risks and opportunities: decrease in orders for parts for internal combustion engines due to shift to evs and fcevs, impact in a 1.5°c or less than 4°c scenario: because of the worldwide shift to electrification by automakers and the decrease in the number of engine vehicles, sales of oil pans, engine covers, and products for engine vehicle transmissions are expected to decrease, causing a sales decrease of approximately 3.8 billion yen in fiscal 2030., term: medium- and long term, level: high, countermeasure: develop and expand sales of products for electrified vehicles, strategy: 1 significant risks and opportunities: physical risks significant risks and opportunities: operations shut down due to floods and storms caused by extreme weather conditions, impact in a 1.5°c or less than 4°c scenario: the development of extreme weather conditions due to climate change has exposed some bases to storms and floods caused by heavy rainfall.
for example, domestically, nishi-ogaki, higashi-ogaki, yoro, and kyushu, and overseas tpa, ptc, and pit, are at risk of flooding and are expected to incur cumulative damages of approximately 3 to 9 billion yen through 2050 under the 1.5°c scenario and 6 to 18 billion yen through 2050 under the less than 4°c scenario.
regarding winds, in march 2022 the north american base pmt was hit by a tornado, which fortunately did not injure any employees, but caused damage to the building., term: medium- and long term, level: high, countermeasure: incorporate extreme weather countermeasures into bcps for high-risk bases; promoting cooperation with local communities, strategy: 2 significant risks and opportunities: increase in heatstroke air conditioning cost increase , impact in a 1.5°c or less than 4°c scenario: air conditioning systems need to be installed to prevent the effects of heat stroke from becoming more severe, and those costs are expected to increase by approximately 11 million yen/year in 2030 and 41 million yen/year in 2050 under the less than 4°c scenario., term: short-, medium- and long term, level: high, countermeasure: provision of air-conditioned clothing, promotion of factory insulation, introduction of air conditioners; until the changeover is complete, outdoor workers are thoroughly educated and encouraged to report immediately if they begin feeling unwell., strategy: 2 table end.
transition plan the group recognizes that the impacts of the climate change transition will be extremely significant, including carbon pricing and customer requests to reduce co₂ emissions.
in 2020, we formulated the pacific environmental challenge 2050, which aims to become carbon neutral in 2050, and we are promoting co₂ reduction throughout the group.
we have raised our 2030 target to 50% of the fiscal 2019 level scopes 1 and 2 , and are accelerating initiatives such as energy conservation, energy conversion, introduction of icp, and introduction of renewable energy.
our plan to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 2030 mid-term targets co₂ emissions: 50% reduction renewable energy ratio: 20% to achieve carbon neutrality virtually zero co₂ emissions in 2050 as set forth in pacific environmental challenge 2050, we have revised our mid-term target for 2030 to a 50% reduction compared to fiscal 2019 , and we will strengthen our efforts to achieve carbon neutrality throughout the entire life cycle.
significant risks and opportunities risks: upstream, impact 1.5°c and 4°c scenario : suppliers in areas with low elevation, mainly in the ogaki region, and around tianjin and changshu in china, and chachoengsao province in thailand, are considered to be at high risk of flooding.
water stress is also a concern., term: medium- and long term, impact level: medium, countermeasure: support for incorporation of measures against extreme weather into the bcp of high-risk suppliers; diversification of suppliers through local production risks: downstream, impact 1.5°c and 4°c scenario : major customers have requested cdp evaluations, reductions in co₂ emissions, and the like, and failure to respond to these requests could result in a loss of order opportunities.
production activities may be disrupted., term: medium- and long term, impact level: high, countermeasure: co₂ reduction by lca; set reduction targets for scope 1 and 2 and follow up; development of bcp risks: products/service, impact 1.5°c and 4°c scenario : increased sales of products for weight reduction and fuel efficiency; increased orders for products for batteries, motors, and hydrogen piping due to the shift to evs and fcevs., term: short- and medium term, impact level: high, countermeasure: development of lightweight products, development of next-generation tpms risks: market, impact 1.5°c and 4°c scenario : energy-saving cars were enacted into law, and the need for lighter weight increased.
increased sales of ultra-high tensile strength products., term: medium- and long term, impact level: high, countermeasure: product development for fcev/bev kpi risks: resilience, impact 1.5°c and 4°c scenario : high supply chain resilience to water risks., term: medium- and long term, impact level: high, countermeasure: globally distributed production; supply chain decentralization in local production table end.
the impact amount is not a forecast but a reference to ensure management resilience.
the above figures are our own calculations based on certain hypotheses and with reference to publicly available parameters, etc., and may differ significantly from the actual impact.
short-term: 1–5 years; mid-term: 6–10 years; long-term: 11 years+ assumes annual growth rate of 1% until 2030 and flat growth after 2031 however, annual growth rate of 3% until 2030 for raw materials only scenarios uses parameters from the iea's world energy outlook's net zero scenario nze and steps scenarios for transition risk, and the ipcc's rcp2.6 and rcp8.5 scenarios for physical risk.
exchange rate assumption: jpy120/united states dollar minimizing environmental load strategy 2: adaptation plan our group has production bases and supply chains around the world, and some regions may be affected by wind and flood damage due to the effects of extreme weather, high temperatures, etc., which will increase in the future.
to cope with this, we are promoting measures such as decentralization of production bases, multi-company purchasing, wind and flood damage countermeasures, incorporation into the bcp, supplier training, and heat stroke countermeasures.
in march 2022, a tornado occurred in the vicinity of pmt in north america, damaging part of the plant building no casualties . although damage was covered by property insurance, we are strengthening our countermeasures, including the establishment of evacuation shelters.
strategy 3: development of environment-conscious products our group recognizes two major impacts of climate change as business opportunities.
one is the reduction of co2 emissions throughout the product life cycle.
our ultra-high tensile strength products our main products , lower co2 emissions during automobile use through weight reduction.
furthermore, the cold press method, which is our specialty, reduces co2 emissions during production to about one-eighth that of hot stamping method.
in addition to this, we are promoting the use of recycled materials and the manufacture of recyclable products.
the other is the development of products for electrified vehicles, which is advancing globally.
we have determined that profits will be greater than losses from the transition to electrified vehicles, and recognize that there is great potential, particularly in control valve products for heat pumps for car air conditioners and soundproof covers for electric compressors, and we are aggressively developing these products.
risk management we identify sustainability material topics related to our long-term vision and identify the risks associated with them.
of these, company-wide management-level risks are selected by the corporate strategy committee meetings, which discusses and deliberates on implementation measures.
we assess and manage significant risks across the organization, including those related to sustainability, such as climate change and social issues.
in the unlikely event that such risks materialize, we will take prompt and appropriate measures to mitigate the impact.
climate-related risks and opportunities are identified and evaluated by the tcfd.
metrics and targets table: metrics and targets plan: transition plan , description: reduce co₂ emissions by 50% by fy2030 reduce co₂ emissions to net zero by fy2050.
pacific environmental challenge 2050 scope 1+2, compared to fy2019 plan: adaptation , description: enhancing our own disaster countermeasures and brushing up our bcp promote the following initiatives related to material topic "climate change adaptation measures": &nbsp;&nbsp; support for business partner bcp formulation &nbsp;&nbsp; promote cooperation with local communities in times of disaster &nbsp;&nbsp; heat stroke prevention plan: opportunities , description: set the following kpis for materiality: &nbsp;&nbsp; ratio of uhtss versus all stamping products 25% in fy2024 &nbsp;&nbsp; percentage of sales for electrified vehicles fy2030 70% table end.
mitigation of and adaptation to climate change reduction of co₂ emissions with an eye on the 1.5°c scenario of the paris agreement adopted in 2015, the pacific industrial group endeavors to reduce energy usage by pushing forward such activities as production technology development, facility upgrading, production process improvement, and daily activity improvement and introduction of renewable energy.
in fiscal 2021, we worked to reduce co₂ emissions by introducing solar power generation at the kurihara plant and by operating compressors more efficiently.
furthermore, in april 2022, we achieved 100% renewable electricity at three bases in kyushu and tohoku.
targets and results group total co₂ emissions: target 89.7 kt or less, result 85.2 kt.
target achieved.
changes in co₂ emissions note: the chart displays data for total domestic emissions kt , total overseas emissions kt , emissions per 100 million yen in domestic sales tonnes/100 million yen , and emissions per 100 million yen in overseas sales tonnes/100 million yen from 2017 to 2021. scope 3 note: the scope 3 figures were calculated based on the emission intensity database for calculating greenhouse gas emissions and other emissions by organizations throughout the supply chain ver.
3.2 published by the ministry of the environment.
deployed renewable energy capacity by site base: nishi ogaki plant, solar power generation capacity kw : 200 base: higashi ogaki plant, solar power generation capacity kw : 500 base: kyushu plant, solar power generation capacity kw : 300 base: kurihara plant, solar power generation capacity kw : 800 base: kita ogaki plant, solar power generation capacity kw : 469 base: mino plant, solar power generation capacity kw : 100 base: yoro plant, solar power generation capacity kw : 100 base: domestic, solar power generation capacity kw : 2,469 base: pvi, solar power generation capacity kw : 100 base: pvt, solar power generation capacity kw : 84 base: overseas, solar power generation capacity kw : 184 base: global , solar power generation capacity kw : 2,653 table end.
renewable energy introduction ratio 8.9% incl.
co₂ free electricity as of 2022 . sustainable resources use the pacific industrial group is pushing forward resource recycling by reducing industrial waste generation through defect reduction activities in the manufacturing process and by recycling materials, primarily waste rubber and resin.
in fy2021, we worked mainly on transforming sludge into usable material at the kurihara plant and reducing waste plastic at the higashi ogaki plant.
targets and results group table: industrial waste target: total amount of industrial wastes, amount tonnes : 2,770, result: 2,256 table end.
target achieved.
note: data includes amount of domestic landfill wastes tonnes , amount of overseas industrial wastes tonnes , amount of domestic industrial wastes tonnes and domestic recycling rate % conservation of water resources the pacific industrial group actively manages and reduces water usage to be in line with regional circumstances, encourages water recycling, and endeavors toward efficient water consumption and its preservation.
in fiscal 2021, we reduced water usage through full-scale operation of downsized ed coating equipment.
we will continue to work to control wastewater quality and preserve the quality of normal water, and promote activities to conserve biodiversity, including maintaining the ecosystems in river source and watershed areas.
targets and results group table: water usage target thousand cubic meters : 1,655, result thousand cubic meters : 1,374 table end.
target achieved.
note: data includes domestic water usage thousand cubic meters , overseas water usage thousand cubic meters note: emission figures are totals calculated from data from all in-group companies aside from domestic subsidiaries tsc and psc . respecting human resources and their active participation from the perspective of respect for human rights and dignity, the pacific industrial group will provide a workplace where all employees can work at ease in an environment that allows them to find work they can be proud of, and encourages them to demonstrate their creativity and spirit of challenge.
respect for human rights human rights policy formulation in recent years, the importance of corporate efforts to address human rights issues as a social requirement is growing.
we consider human rights to be a core issue for sustainability management and created the “pacific industrial group human rights policy” in february 2021. under this policy, all employees will act with high ethical standards and integrity as sensible members of the global community, and the entire group will work together to promote initiatives that respect human rights.
implementation of human rights surveys through human rights due diligence mechanisms, our group strives to identify and either prevent or mitigate negative impacts on human rights.
these mechanisms include the regular monitoring of the implementation status of our “code of conduct” and “supplier sustainability guidelines”.
based on the results of a questionnaire conducted in fiscal 2020 for our group in japan, including our company, in accordance with the code of conduct, we conducted a questionnaire survey in fiscal 2021 with a strengthened section on harassment, and worked to resolve problematic harassment cases.
since then, we have conducted questionnaires for all employees at overseas business entities the same way as we do in japan, and in the future, we will raise awareness during morning meetings and use opinion boxes to collect opinions and issues from employees and take measures to address them.
education engagement upon the development of our “human rights policy”, in order to raise awareness of human rights within the group and to put into practice the creation of a corporate culture of respect for human rights, we conduct awareness-raising and educational activities to promote proper understanding of those rights and ensure that information is shared throughout the company.
specifically, we will incorporate human rights education into stratified education programs, create a foreign language version of the policy and ensure that it is thoroughly disseminated to overseas business subsidiaries, and expand it to related business partners.
we hold study sessions and opinion exchange meetings by human rights lawyers and ngos to promote human rights due diligence.
we also created a special feature article on human rights in the company newsletter distributed to all employees to promote understanding of the importance of human rights.
stable employment and decent work environment improving employee engagement we believe that the key to continued value creation is the ease and satisfaction employees feel when fulfilling their roles.
we therefore analyze the results of various surveys conducted within our company so that we can better understand the progress and challenges of efforts to improve employee awareness and satisfaction, and share issues with management and other employees in order to create a company and workplace that is cheerful and rewarding to work at while simultaneously exploring and implementing other measures to improve engagement.
decent work environment creating a decent work environment will improve employee job satisfaction and engagement with the company, which will lead to a higher retention rate.
we are actively working to improve the working environment in our offices and plants and to review various systems.
flexible working styles, such as promoting the taking of annual paid leave, reducing long working hours of training per employee, changing some working hours of training per employee, shortening working hours of training per employee, staggered working hours of training per employee, and flextime systems to support both childcare and nursing care is also introduced.
in addition, since good human relationships are important for a decent work environment, we have a workplace senior system that assigns younger senior employees to new employees, pre-training for managers and supervisors at the company to which they are assigned, and regular interviews.
we are developing human resources while confirming the physical and mental health of each employee.
we also hold regular informal gatherings where management and employees can freely talk about their thoughts and feelings about their work, as well as any problems they face, and strive to create an open workplace.
converting non-regular employees into regular employees we regularly evaluate non-permanent temporary and contract employees and make them permanent employees if they have the qualifications.
in fiscal 2021, we hired 30 full-time employees company-wide.
work-life balance we are implementing a variety of measures to ensure that employees are able to feel satisfaction and personal growth at work, while living a fulfilling personal life.
in addition to being awarded “kurumin” certification as a company that supports childcare, we have set a target of having employees take 12 days of annual paid vacation and have been working to ensure that target is achieved.
in april 2019, we introduced a work-interval system to guarantee the minimum hours of training per employee away from work before coming in for the next day.
efforts are made to ensure adequate rest time between daily workdays.
we will remain committed to supporting our employees to maintain a balance between work and their personal commitments including childcare and nursing care, while fostering a work environment and corporate culture that encourages employees to use vacation time, maintain their health, and work vigorously.
the safety and health of employees building a safe and secure workplace based on the principle of safety first, in accordance with the occupational health and safety management system, we promote safety management initiatives centered on human resource development, equipment safety measures, and workplace development to provide a healthy, safe, and secure workplace for employees.
in addition, a health and safety committee has been established to investigate and deliberate on basic measures to prevent worker hazards and health problems, and labor and management work together to address these issues.
health and safety risks are assessed at each workplace and prioritized to promote activities to reduce risks.
human resource development in order to become a company that is strict about safety, we use the safety-dojo, facilities for safety education, in the study hall as a base for technical education.
we also conduct safety experience education, risk assessment education, and hazard prediction training for employees at each level to improve their ability to recognize danger as part of our efforts to increase risk sensitivity.
we provide the same training for temporary employees as we do for regular employees to help improve their sensitivity to hazards.
in safety activities with our suppliers, we hold safety study sessions to mutually improve the level of safety, and we also conduct safety training using our safety dojos.
we are also promoting the establishment and expansion of safety dojos to provide extensive safety education even at remote plants.
equipment safety measures focus items for the eradication of stop6, which are the six key factors to prevent serious accidents, are incorporated into our daily activities, and we are working to establish and continue implementing those activities, clarify priorities, and promote countermeasures.
we aim to create a safe workplace through risk eradication at the process and equipment design stage, and work risk assessments at the installation stage, for the safety of new equipment and lines.
providing proper work environments we are working toward providing decent work environments by introducing air-conditioned clothing and systematically making progress on converting plant lighting to leds.
health management initiatives from 2005, we began efforts to promote work-life balance.
in 2006, we became the first company to be registered as a “hatsu ratsu workplace creation declaration” by the gifu labor bureau, and since then we have been promoting the mental and physical health of our employees in a concrete and continuous manner.
in recent years, with the declining birthrate, aging population, and health consciousness, the importance of health management is increasing.
we are also placing importance on the health of our employees as the foundation for the success of our human resources.
in september 2021, we stipulated our stance on this matter in the "pacific industrial group health declaration.” we are continuously working on health management.
in march 2022, in recognition of our health management efforts, we were recognized in “2022 certified health & productivity management outstanding organizations recognition program large corporation category ” jointly sponsored by the ministry of economy, trade and industry and the japan health council.
activity status and targets table: activity status and targets item: health checkup implementation rate, 2018: 100%, 2019: 100%, 2020: 100%, 2021: 100%, 2022 target : 100% item: reexamination implementation rate among symptomatic patients, 2018: 85.3%, 2019: 82.6%, 2020: 77.0%, 2021: 79.0%, 2022 target : 85% item: stress check implementation rate, 2018: 98.9%, 2019: 97.2%, 2020: 98.9%, 2021: 98.8%, 2022 target : 100% table end.
we will continue to engage in health activities that are tailored to each employee and in measures that improve the physical and mental health of employees and their families.
<pacific industrial group health declaration we consider the health and safety of our employees to be the starting point of "monozukuri", and we will work to maintain and improve the physical and mental health of our employees and their families, and create a comfortable work environment for the sustainable growth of the company and our employees.
in order to achieve our brand slogan, "passion in creating tomorrow," we declare that we value new ideas and challenges, and that we will strive to create a company where people can feel a sense of harmony between work and life, and work in a healthy and vigorous manner.
september 2021 shinya ogawa president, member of the board pacific industrial co., ltd.
development of human resources and cultivation of culture that we can tackle new endeavors basic approach and policy for human resources education with the intent to achieve our management strategy, and with an eye on the medium to long-term human resource development issues of raising up the baseline of the new generation of workers and the early development of leaders, we believe that the key to human resource development is "where ability meets compassion".
therefore, in addition to providing education to improve skill, we also provide well-balanced, well-timed education opportunities to acquire both ability and compassion.
strengthen education at each level in april 2021, we conducted a complete review of our new education program and restructured it into an effective education system that nurtures people.
for our staff, we have expanded training for management and supervisory positions, introduced problem solving for new employees, for technical staff, toyota production system tps practical leader education, training systematized on safety, quality, productivity and improve humanity that newly incorporated.
in fy2022, we plan to expand the content of our existing harassment education by adding new education to improve psychological safety, and to create a safer and more productive workplace where employees can work safely and with peace of mind.
diversity and inclusion policies and initiatives we believe that by creating a work environment and corporate culture that is inclusive and allows employees to demonstrate their abilities in accordance with their internal attributes, including their individuality, strengths and weaknesses, health conditions, personality, beliefs, and sexual orientation, we can revitalize workplaces, contribute to innovation, and reduce employee turnover rate.
to this end, we respect diversity and inclusion as one of our management strategies, and we are promoting various cross-functional initiatives within the company.
promotion of women's activities we believe that the further advancement of women is essential for the sustainable growth of a company and the strengthening of corporate competitiveness.
regarding the percentage of female staff hires, we are working to increase the percentage of female hires each year to at least 20% strengthened from 10% , and the percentage of female hires scheduled to join the company in 2023 is 26% as of september 2022 . in addition, we support male employees taking childcare leave based on the belief that male employees' participation in childcare is necessary to promote women's success.
we provide access to accumulated paid leave for income reduction concerns and assistance for couples with no income, and interviews and explains procedures to long-term employees.
we are also focusing on activities to promote understanding of the system, such as introducing examples of cases where employees have taken maternity/paternity leave in the company newsletter and informing male employees who have a new child of the system via the management system.
in fiscal 2021, 15% of male employees took childcare leave, and 73% took maternity leave.
non-consolidated dialogue with labor unions status of dialogue between labor and management our company and the pacific industrial workers union strive to maintain and strengthen sound labor-management relations, respecting differences in positions and perspectives, and aiming for the sustainable development of the company through mutual trust.
regular monthly labor-management council meetings are held between strategic officers, including the president, and union officers to confirm the status of overtime and paid leave utilization, and we actively report and exchange opinions on employment stability, working conditions, health and safety, and the status of production and sales activities between labor and management to promote labor-management harmony.
in addition, labor-management roundtable meetings and production committee meetings are held in each business division.
these meetings are forums for communication to ascertain the status of safety measures and other measures that have been put into practice, discussing issues for the betterment of the company, and consulting on any problems.
number of employees and demographics table: employee data by category and year category: number of employees regular , scope: group, 2017: 3,622, 2018: 4,390, 2019: 4,806, 2020: 4,797, 2021 fy : 4,763 category: male persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: 3,796, 2021 fy : 3,844 category: female persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: 1,001, 2021 fy : 919 category: number of employees non-regular , scope: group, 2017: 732, 2018: 1,148, 2019: 1,193, 2020: 970, 2021 fy : 1,133 category: japan persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: 2,016, 2020: 2,075, 2021 fy : 2,078 category: europe/north america persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: 1,556, 2020: 1,529, 2021 fy : 1,484 category: asia persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: 1,234, 2020: 1,193, 2021 fy : 1,201 category: average age age , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: -, 2018: 40.2, 2019: 39.9, 2020: 40.2, 2021 fy : 40.6 category: male age , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: -, 2018: 40.1, 2019: 39.7, 2020: 39.8, 2021 fy : 40.3 category: female age , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: -, 2018: 41.7, 2019: 42.1, 2020: 43.9, 2021 fy : 44.0 category: average length of service years , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: -, 2018: 14.4, 2019: 13.8, 2020: 13.8, 2021 fy : 13.7 category: male years , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: -, 2018: 14.2, 2019: 13.6, 2020: 13.4, 2021 fy : 13.3 category: female years , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: -, 2018: 16.5, 2019: 16.4, 2020: 17.8, 2021 fy : 18.5 table end.
respect for human rights implementation rate of human rights survey saq % kpi stable employment and decent work environments table: stable employment and decent work metrics metric: turnover rate % kpi, scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: 40.9, 2021 fy : 73.3 metric: turnover rate % kpi, scope: pacific industrial, 2017: 1.8, 2018: 2.0, 2019: 2.2, 2020: 2.1, 2021 fy : 2.5 metric: childcare leave recipients: male persons , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: 2, 2018: 3, 2019: 1, 2020: 7, 2021 fy : 13 metric: childcare leave recipients: female persons , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: 6, 2018: 8, 2019: 7, 2020: 5, 2021 fy : 3 metric: ratio of employees using parental leave system: male % , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: 12.1, 2021 fy : 15.3 metric: ratio of employees using parental leave system: female % , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: 100, 2018: 100, 2019: 100, 2020: 100, 2021 fy : 100 metric: achievement rate of annual paid leave acquisition target per employee % 2, scope: pacific industrial, 2017: 78.3, 2018: 95.8, 2019: 98.4, 2020: 99.3, 2021 fy : 100 metric: monthly overtime hours of training per employee worked per employee hours of training per employee , scope: pacific industrial, 2017: 34.2, 2018: 35.3, 2019: 32.8, 2020: 20.9, 2021 fy : 22.8 metric: employees with medical insurance persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: 4,651, 2021 fy : 4,243 metric: employees in employee stock ownership plan persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: 1,531, 2021 fy : 1,634 metric: employees using flextime system persons , scope: group, 2017: -, 2018: -, 2019: -, 2020: 858, 2021 fy : 825 table end.
the safety and health of employees table similar to above, needs to be extracted from the image development of human resources and cultivation of culture table similar to above, needs to be extracted from the image diversity and inclusion table similar to above, needs to be extracted from the image other table similar to above, needs to be extracted from the image notes: 1 retirees for personal reasons.
excluding retirement age.
regular employees.
2 yearly acquisition target is 12 days 3 number of fatalities and injuries due to occupational accidents lost time injuries : total number of actual working hours of training per employee x 1,000,000 4 including temporary and dispatched employees 5 source: ministry of health, labour and welfare, "survey of occupational accident trends calendar year " 6 total number of working days lost: total number of actual working hours of training per employee x 1,000 7 excluding ojt 8 pat is included from fy2018, spf and spu from fy2019 9 counted as one person if concurrently employed 10 as of june each year consolidated balance sheets assets current assets cash and time deposits: fy2020 - 28,332, fy2021 - 27,014 united states dollar 220,726 trade notes and accounts receivable: fy2020 - 24,027 notes receivable: fy2021 - 1,495 united states dollar 12,220 accounts receivable: fy2021 - 28,503 united states dollar 232,892 merchandise and finished goods: fy2020 - 6,969, fy2021 - 7,834 united states dollar 64,016 work in process: fy2020 - 4,383, fy2021 - 6,209 united states dollar 50,737 raw materials and supplies: fy2020 - 4,148, fy2021 - 6,429 united states dollar 52,528 other accounts receivable: fy2020 - 3,113, fy2021 - 4,164 united states dollar 34,027 other current assets: fy2020 - 614, fy2021 - 859 united states dollar 7,020 allowance for doubtful accounts: fy2020 - 133 , fy2021 - 159 united states dollar -1,306 total current assets : fy2020 - 71,456, fy2021 - 82,351 united states dollar 672,864 noncurrent assets property, plant and equipment: buildings and structures: fy2020 - 28,781, fy2021 - 30,218 united states dollar 246,899 machinery and vehicles: fy2020 - 48,227, fy2021 - 47,797 united states dollar 390,534 tools, furniture, and fixtures: fy2020 - 5,816, fy2021 - 2,140 united states dollar 17,487 land: fy2020 - 10,089, fy2021 - 10,456 united states dollar 85,438 lease assets: fy2020 - 1,104, fy2021 - 1,036 united states dollar 8,468 construction in progress: fy2020 - 7,963, fy2021 - 12,699 united states dollar 103,765 total property, plant and equipment : fy2020 - 101,983, fy2021 - 104,348 united states dollar 852,594 intangible fixed assets: fy2020 - 12,640, fy2021 - 12,063 united states dollar 98,567 investments and other assets: investments in securities: fy2020 - 32,497, fy2021 - 38,473 united states dollar 314,354 long-term loans: fy2020 - 60, fy2021 - 43 united states dollar 359 deferred tax assets: fy2020 - 259, fy2021 - 433 united states dollar 3,537 net defined benefit assets: fy2020 - 5,903, fy2021 - 6,791 united states dollar 55,491 other investments and other assets: fy2020 - 732, fy2021 - 940 united states dollar 7,688 allowance for doubtful accounts: fy2020 - 3 total investments and other assets : fy2020 - 39,450, fy2021 - 46,675 united states dollar 381,364 fixed assets: fy2020 - 154,075, fy2021 - 163,087 united states dollar 1,332,526 total assets : fy2020 - 225,531, fy2021 - 245,439 united states dollar 2,005,390 liabilities current liabilities trade notes and accounts payable: fy2020 - 12,005, fy2021 - 13,189 united states dollar 107,763 electronically recorded obligations - operating: fy2020 - 7,566, fy2021 - 8,095 united states dollar 66,145 short-term borrowings: fy2020 - 4,188, fy2021 - 1,015 united states dollar 8,293 current portion of long-term borrowings: fy2020 - 9,614, fy2021 - 5,986 united states dollar 48,916 other accounts payable: fy2020 - 5,057, fy2021 - 4,387 united states dollar 35,849 accrued expenses: fy2020 - 2,502, fy2021 - 2,536 united states dollar 20,724 income taxes payable: fy2020 - 2,404, fy2021 - 3,234 united states dollar 26,428 consumption taxes payable: fy2020 - 679, fy2021 - 491 united states dollar 4,015 deposits received: fy2020 - 172, fy2021 - 191 united states dollar 1,562 allowance for bonuses: fy2020 - 1,536, fy2021 - 1,671 united states dollar 13,656 notes concerning installations: fy2020 - 19, fy2021 - 85 united states dollar 695 other current liabilities: fy2020 - 2,127, fy2021 - 4,025 united states dollar 32,891 total current liabilities : fy2020 - 47,874, fy2021 - 44,910 united states dollar 366,942 noncurrent liabilities long-term borrowings: fy2020 - 52,480, fy2021 - 55,099 united states dollar 450,192 deferred tax liabilities: fy2020 - 10,388, fy2021 - 11,455 united states dollar 93,595 provision for directors retirement benefit: fy2020 - 161, fy2021 - 160 united states dollar 1,309 net defined benefit liabilities: fy2020 - 716, fy2021 - 610 united states dollar 4,991 other noncurrent liabilities: fy2020 - 1,401, fy2021 - 2,821 united states dollar 23,053 total noncurrent liabilities : fy2020 - 65,148, fy2021 - 70,146 united states dollar 573,142 total liabilities : fy2020 - 113,023, fy2021 - 115,056 united states dollar 940,084 net assets shareholders' equity capital stock: fy2020 - 7,316, fy2021 - 7,316 united states dollar 59,784 capital surplus: fy2020 - 7,643, fy2021 - 7,683 united states dollar 62,776 retained earnings: fy2020 - 79,964, fy2021 - 87,470 united states dollar 714,686 treasury stock at cost: fy2020 - 224 , fy2021 - 205 united states dollar -1,677 valuation and translation adjustment: fy2020 - 94,700, fy2021 - 102,265 united states dollar 835,569 valuation difference on available securities: fy2020 - 14,893, fy2021 - 18,284 united states dollar 149,394 foreign currency translation adjustments: fy2020 - 1,135, fy2021 - 7,602 united states dollar 62,116 remeasurement of defined benefit plan: fy2020 - 985, fy2021 - 1,381 united states dollar 11,291 total valuation and translation adjustment : fy2020 - 17,013, fy2021 - 27,268 united states dollar 222,802 subscription rights to shares: fy2020 - 141, fy2021 - 97 united states dollar 796 minority interests: fy2020 - 652, fy2021 - 751 united states dollar 6,136 total net assets : fy2020 - 112,508, fy2021 - 130,382 united states dollar 1,065,305 total liabilities and net assets : fy2020 - 225,531, fy2021 - 245,439 united states dollar 2,005,390 notes : the u.s. dollar amounts in the consolidated balance sheets were converted from japanese yen amounts at the rate of ¥122.39 to u.s. $1, the rate of exchange as of march 31, 2022. consolidated statements of income : net sales , fy2020 millions of yen : 150,408, fy2021 millions of yen : 164,472, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 1,454,992 : cost of sales, fy2020 millions of yen : 129,280, fy2021 millions of yen : 141,002, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 1,247,371 : gross profit , fy2020 millions of yen : 21,127, fy2021 millions of yen : 23,469, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 207,620 : selling, general and administrative expenses, fy2020 millions of yen : 12,152, fy2021 millions of yen : 12,712, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 112,461 : operating income , fy2020 millions of yen : 8,974, fy2021 millions of yen : 10,756, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 95,159 : non-operating income : interest income, fy2020 millions of yen : 36, fy2021 millions of yen : 46, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 408 : dividend income, fy2020 millions of yen : 625, fy2021 millions of yen : 733, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 6,487 : equity in earnings of affiliated companies, fy2020 millions of yen : 772, fy2021 millions of yen : 1,069, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 9,462 : foreign exchange gain, fy2020 millions of yen : 627, fy2021 millions of yen : 1,192, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 10,550 : subsidy income, fy2020 millions of yen : 18, fy2021 millions of yen : 589, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 5,210 : other non-operating income, fy2020 millions of yen : 584, fy2021 millions of yen : 611, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 5,412 : non-operating income , fy2020 millions of yen : 2,665, fy2021 millions of yen : 4,242, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 37,532 : non-operating expenses : interest expense, fy2020 millions of yen : 365, fy2021 millions of yen : 334, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 2,955 : other non-operating expense, fy2020 millions of yen : 55, fy2021 millions of yen : 49, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 438 : non-operating expenses , fy2020 millions of yen : 421, fy2021 millions of yen : 383, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 3,393 : ordinary income , fy2020 millions of yen : 11,218, fy2021 millions of yen : 14,615, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 129,298 : extraordinary income : gains on sale of fixed assets, fy2020 millions of yen : 162, fy2021 millions of yen : 810, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 7,172 : settlement money, fy2020 millions of yen : 802, fy2021 millions of yen : -, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : - : extraordinary losses, fy2020 millions of yen : 965, fy2021 millions of yen : 810, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 7,172 : income before income taxes and minority interests , fy2020 millions of yen : 10,253, fy2021 millions of yen : 13,805, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 122,125 : income taxes-current, fy2020 millions of yen : 2,326, fy2021 millions of yen : 5,005, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 44,280 : income taxes-deferred, fy2020 millions of yen : 52 , fy2021 millions of yen : 1,068 , fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 9,452 : income taxes , fy2020 millions of yen : 2,273, fy2021 millions of yen : 3,937, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 34,828 : net income , fy2020 millions of yen : 7,979, fy2021 millions of yen : 9,868, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 87,297 : profit loss attributable to non-controlling interests, fy2020 millions of yen : 3 , fy2021 millions of yen : 64, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 574 : profit attributable to owners of parent , fy2020 millions of yen : 7,982, fy2021 millions of yen : 9,803, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 86,722 table end.
consolidated statements of comprehensive income : net income , fy2020 millions of yen : 7,979, fy2021 millions of yen : 9,868, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 87,297 : other comprehensive income : unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, fy2020 millions of yen : 4,180, fy2021 millions of yen : 3,389, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 27,695 : foreign currency translation adjustments, fy2020 millions of yen : 2,381, fy2021 millions of yen : 6,401, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 52,304 : remeasurements of defined benefit plans, fy2020 millions of yen : 1,161, fy2021 millions of yen : 396, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 3,239 : share of other comprehensive income of associates accounted for using the equity method, fy2020 millions of yen : 9 , fy2021 millions of yen : 103, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 844 : total other comprehensive income , fy2020 millions of yen : 7,713, fy2021 millions of yen : 10,291, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 84,084 : comprehensive income , fy2020 millions of yen : 15,693, fy2021 millions of yen : 20,159, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 171,381 : comprehensive income attributable to: : owners of the parent , fy2020 millions of yen : 15,659, fy2021 millions of yen : 20,057, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 170,487 : comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests, fy2020 millions of yen : 33, fy2021 millions of yen : 101, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 894 table end.
state of shares as of march 31, 2022 : number of shares the company is authorized to issue, : 90,000,000 : number of shares already issued, : 61,312,896 : number of shareholders, : 5,949 table end.
principal shareholders top 10 as of march 31, 2022 shareholder name: the master trust bank of japan, ltd.
trust account , number of shares held thousands of shares : 5,925, shareholding ratio % : 9.70 shareholder name: custody bank of japan, ltd trust account , number of shares held thousands of shares : 4,505, shareholding ratio % : 7.38 shareholder name: mufg bank ltd., number of shares held thousands of shares : 2,679, shareholding ratio % : 4.38 shareholder name: ogaki kyoritsu bank, ltd., number of shares held thousands of shares : 2,671, shareholding ratio % : 4.37 shareholder name: the juroku bank, ltd., number of shares held thousands of shares : 2,619, shareholding ratio % : 4.29 shareholder name: nippon life insurance company, number of shares held thousands of shares : 2,359, shareholding ratio % : 3.86 shareholder name: the dai-ichi mutual life insurance company, number of shares held thousands of shares : 2,349, shareholding ratio % : 3.84 shareholder name: northern trust co.
avfc re hcroo, number of shares held thousands of shares : 2,244, shareholding ratio % : 3.67 shareholder name: employee stock ownership of pacific industrial co., ltd., number of shares held thousands of shares : 2,194, shareholding ratio % : 3.59 shareholder name: pec holdings corporation, number of shares held thousands of shares : 1,987, shareholding ratio % : 3.25 table end.
note the shareholding ratio, excluding treasury stock 283,593 shares , is rounded to two decimal places.
distribution of shares as of march 31, 2022 . the chart shows the following distribution: treasury stock: 0.5% individuals and others: 23.1% foreign corporations: 20.9% other japanese corporations: 12.5% financial institutions: 41.9% financial instruments business operators: 1.1% we acquired 952,900 in treasury stock from may through august in 2022. summary of major management data for the year metric: net sales 1, 2016: 103,669, 2017: 117,758, 2018: 145,030, 2019: 165,969, 2020: 150,408, fy2021 millions of yen : 164,472, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 1,454,992 metric: operating income 1, 2016: 8,662, 2017: 8,063, 2018: 10,307, 2019: 10,511, 2020: 8,974, fy2021 millions of yen : 10,756, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 95,159 metric: ratio of operating income to sales % , 2016: 8.4, 2017: 6.8, 2018: 7.1, 2019: 6.3, 2020: 6.0, fy2021 millions of yen : 6.5, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 6.5 metric: ordinary income 1, 2016: 9,957, 2017: 9,485, 2018: 11,767, 2019: 11,130, 2020: 11,218, fy2021 millions of yen : 14,615, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 129,298 metric: ratio of ordinary income to sales % , 2016: 9.6, 2017: 8.1, 2018: 8.1, 2019: 6.7, 2020: 7.5, fy2021 millions of yen : 8.9, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 8.9 metric: net income for the year attributable to owners of the parent 1, 2016: 7,524, 2017: 7,393, 2018: 8,730, 2019: 7,256, 2020: 7,982, fy2021 millions of yen : 9,803, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 86,722 metric: ratio of net income to sales % , 2016: 7.3, 2017: 6.3, 2018: 6.0, 2019: 4.4, 2020: 5.3, fy2021 millions of yen : 6.0, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 6.0 metric: ebitda 1 2, 2016: 18,557, 2017: 19,407, 2018: 25,200, 2019: 26,355, 2020: 26,113, fy2021 millions of yen : 31,618, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 279,709 metric: capital expenditures, 2016: 16,633, 2017: 20,832, 2018: 21,970, 2019: 23,451, 2020: 16,244, fy2021 millions of yen : 18,133, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 148,164 metric: depreciation expenses 1, 2016: 8,414, 2017: 9,919, 2018: 12,704, 2019: 14,192, 2020: 14,565, fy2021 millions of yen : 16,487, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 145,856 metric: r&d expenses 1, 2016: 1,004, 2017: 1,112, 2018: 1,478, 2019: 1,943, 2020: 1,911, fy2021 millions of yen : 1,981, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 17,532 table end.
at year end metric: total assets, 2016: 140,869, 2017: 158,858, 2018: 203,831, 2019: 204,280, 2020: 225,531, fy2021 millions of yen : 245,439, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 2,005,390 metric: net assets, 2016: 84,266, 2017: 91,913, 2018: 97,075, 2019: 98,422, 2020: 112,508, fy2021 millions of yen : 130,382, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 1,065,305 metric: equity ratio % , 2016: 59.2, 2017: 57.2, 2018: 47.0, 2019: 47.8, 2020: 49.5, fy2021 millions of yen : 52.8, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 52.8 table end.
cash flows metric: cash flows from operating activities 1, 2016: 14,381, 2017: 17,944, 2018: 18,941, 2019: 21,190, 2020: 26,988, fy2021 millions of yen : 18,317, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 162,041 metric: cash flows from investing activities 1, 2016: 16,420 , 2017: 22,229 , 2018: 40,595 , 2019: 24,270 , 2020: 18,509 , fy2021 millions of yen : 17,189 , fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 152,066 metric: cash flows from financing activities 1, 2016: 2,046, 2017: 5,239, 2018: 29,231, 2019: 90, 2020: 808, fy2021 millions of yen : 4,059 , fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 35,908 metric: free cash flow 1, 2016: 2,039 , 2017: 4,284 , 2018: 21,653 , 2019: 3,080 , 2020: 8,479, fy2021 millions of yen : 1,127, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 9,975 table end.
per share data metric: net assets bps , 2016: 1,404.98, 2017: 1,508.95, 2018: 1,590.09, 2019: 1,614.01, 2020: 1,846.06, fy2021 yen : 2,138.23, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 17.47 metric: net income eps 1, 2016: 138.08, 2017: 123.53, 2018: 144.80, 2019: 120.12, 2020: 131.95, fy2021 yen : 161.86, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 1.43 metric: cash dividends, 2016: 28.00, 2017: 28.00, 2018: 33.00, 2019: 30.00, 2020: 33.00, fy2021 yen : 41.00, fy2021 thousands of u.s. dollars : 0.33 table end.
major management indicators metric: total assets turnover ratio, 2016: 0.77, 2017: 0.78, 2018: 0.80, 2019: 0.81, 2020: 0.67, fy2021: 0.70 metric: roa/return on assets % 2, 2016: 6.4, 2017: 5.4, 2018: 5.7, 2019: 5.2, 2020: 4.2, fy2021: 4.6 metric: roe/return on equity % 2, 2016: 9.7, 2017: 8.5, 2018: 9.3, 2019: 7.5, 2020: 7.6, fy2021: 8.1 table end.
esg data metric: co2 emissions kt 3, 2016: 79, 2017: 84, 2018: 90, 2019: 94, 2020: 86, fy2021: 85 metric: industrial wastes tonnes 3, 2016: 2,055, 2017: 2,352, 2018: 2,759, 2019: 3,132, 2020: 2,539, fy2021: 2,256 metric: water usage thousand cubic meters 3, 2016: 1,583, 2017: 1,716, 2018: 1,756, 2019: 1,744, 2020: 1,645, fy2021: 1,374 metric: ratio of women in management positions % 4, 2016: 6.8, 2017: 7.0, 2018: 7.0, 2019: 9.6, 2020: 10.3, fy2021: 9.9 metric: lost time injury frequency rate, 2016: 0.69, 2017: 0.41, 2018: 0.57, 2019: 0.49, 2020: 0.35, fy2021: 0.24 metric: number of employees, 2016: 3,511, 2017: 3,622, 2018: 4,390, 2019: 4,806, 2020: 4,797, fy2021: 4,763 table end.
notes: 1 u.s. dollar amounts presented are calculated at the exchange rate as of march 31, 2022 with japanese yen amounts to u.s. dollar amounts at ¥122.39 to united states dollar1.00.
however, for those with a 1 mark, the amounts are calculated at the average rate during the fiscal year of japanese yen amounts to u.s. dollar amounts at ¥113.04 to united states dollar1.00.
2 calculation formulas for indices: ebitda = net income before income tax, etc. + interest expenses + depreciation expenses including amortization of goodwill + impairment loss; roa = operating income / total assets at the end of previous fiscal year + total assets at the end of current fiscal year / 2 ; roe = net income of current fiscal year / equity at the end of previous fiscal year + equity at the end of current fiscal year / 2 3 figures for co2, industrial wastes and water usage are for the consolidated group excluding the domestic subsidiaries.
4 pat and spf/spu have been covered since fy2018 and 2019, respectively.
third-party opinion this year's sustainability report, as in the past, conveyed pacific industrial's commitment to the idea that “manufacturing is about developing people.” the message from the president talks about the sincere commitment to material topics, such as “solving social and customer issues through products” and “mitigation of and adaptation to climate change.” among other things, it expresses a strong commitment to “respecting human resources and their active participation,” with a strong determination to “create an environment that allows individuals to demonstrate their unique characteristics.” the company's commitment to valuing human resources is clearly demonstrated in the top management dialogue with ms. taeko utsugi, vice president and captain of the japan women's softball league organization, titled “people-oriented management.” in the dialogue, president ogawa repeatedly emphasizes the importance of “each employee's” efforts, and talks about aiming to “grow as a company that realizes the aspirations of each and every employee” and to have "each employee to work with an awareness of the relationship between themselves, the company, and society, and pass on to the next generation the future value that will be created through these relationships.” “e-waves,” which is introduced in “solving social and customer issues through products,” utilizes sensing technology that has been cultivated to measure temperature, humidity, position, impact, atmospheric pressure, and illuminance in real time with six sensors, and the product supports the proper management and transportation of pharmaceuticals and food products by recording them.
also, capsule sense, which also utilizes sensing technology, is a product that enables livestock producers to reduce labor and improve productivity by monitoring the condition of cattle.
all of these products were developed to solve social issues by applying the technologies cultivated in the automobile-related field to other fields, and were created because employees are “aware of the relationship between themselves, the company, and society.” there are several other products under development to solve social issues, clearly demonstrating that each employee is “aware of the relationship between themselves, the company, and society” and are actively involved in the development of new products outside of the mainstay automotive field.
following this, the “development of environment-conscious products” page in the automotive-related field, which is pacific industrial's main field, is a very interesting report describing the thoughts of the employees who developed the products.
i felt that the commitment of each and every employee who promotes these initiatives is reflected in the real work to achieve sustainability.
in the same way, why not communicate in the future as to how each employee feels about the initiatives for other material topics as well?
three years have passed since moving from a csr report to a sustainability report.
the identified 15 material topics and kpis that measure the progress of initiatives have made it easier to see how progress is being made to achieve sustainability.
in addition, by conveying the thoughts of employees who are promoting the initiatives in the sustainability report, i believe sympathy and support can be gathered from stakeholders.
we hope that empathy and endorsements will help pacific industrial and the group as a whole to further advance sustainability initiatives in the future.
a think tank of ogaki kyoritsu bank, okb research institute works with the bank to conduct surveys and research on the industrial and economic trends, lifestyles and cultures of the community, with the goal of promoting local industries, developing companies, and improving the livelihoods and cultures of local residents.
response to third-party opinion thank you very much for your valuable opinions.
our group is committed to becoming carbon neutrality by 2050, and in addition to promoting decarbonization initiatives throughout the supply chain, we are focusing on the development of products for electrified vehicles, including lightweight, sound and vibration insulation, and thermal management products, in anticipation of an electrified mobility society.
in addition to the mobility field, the company is also taking on challenges in new fields, such as the development of capsule sense, which applies core technologies to solve issues faced by livestock farmers, and we are working to solve social issues through business.
going forward, human resources that can take on these various challenges with passion will be of utmost importance.
we will continue to create opportunities for diverse human resources to play an active role and promote sustainability management with the aim of becoming a company that can “create value,” and that is trusted and needed by society.
for tomorrow, with nature these drawings are posters drawn by pacific industrial group employees' children.
what can we do to protect our precious planet?
the actions each and every one of us take now will change our children's tomorrow.
we hope that you will enjoy and appreciate the heartfelt messages expressed by the children through their drawings.
pacific industrial co., ltd.
100 kyutoku-cho, ogaki city, gifu prefecture, 503-8603 japan phone: +81-584-91-1111 fax: +81-584-92-1804 https://www.pacific-ind.co.jp/eng/