uob sustainability report 2022 building the sustainable future of asean about this report united overseas bank limited uob has been committed to creating long-term value for our customers, our colleagues and our communities since 1935. in building a sustainable business over time and across borders, we engage our stakeholders constructively and regularly.
this enables us to align our strategies with what is important to them and for them to have a deeper appreciation of how we contribute to enterprise, innovation and economic growth across the region.
in this uob sustainability report 2022, our seventh annual report, we explain our sustainability approach, objectives and performance in the context of the year's operating environment.
we also share how we create value for our stakeholders over the short, medium and long term, which is integral to our corporate purpose.
this report is approved by the uob board of directors and is prepared in accordance with: the singapore exchange sgx securities trading limited mainboard listing rules 711a and 711b on sustainability reporting, as well as practice note 7.6 sustainability reporting guide issued in june 2016; the sgx core esg metrics published in december 2021; the global reporting initiative gri standards 2021 by the global sustainability standards board; the gri g4 financial services sector disclosures document issued in 2008 and refreshed in may 2013; the sustainability accounting standards board sasb financials sector standards on commercial banks, consumer finance and mortgage finance published in october 2018; the monetary authority of singapore's mas green finance industry taskforce's financial institutions climate-related disclosure document published in may 2021; the mas guidelines on environmental risk management for banks published in december 2020; the guidelines on responsible financing issued in october 2015 revised june 2018 by the association of banks in singapore; and the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd issued in june 2017 and updated in october 2021. this report also serves as our communication on progress cop for the united nations global compact.
in aligning with the gri standards, we have applied the following reporting principles: accuracy; balance; clarity; comparability; completeness; sustainability context; timeliness; and verifiability.
this report is externally assured against the gri standards for sustainability reporting.
the assurance, provided by ernst & young llp, validates the accuracy and reliability of figures and statements in this report that are related to the subject matters agreed as per the assurance statement.
the assurance is in accordance with international standard on assurance engagements isae 3000 other than audits or reviews of historical financial information.
the scope of work and conclusions can be found in the assurance statement on page 154 to 168. this report should be read in conjunction with the uob annual report 2022 and other related disclosures.
throughout the report, links to the relevant resources are provided for the convenience of our readers.
unless otherwise stated, this report covers the period from 1 january to 31 december 2022 and includes all uob divisions, and banking and investment management subsidiaries within the group.
the report is published on 23 march 2023 and is available online at www.uobgroup.com.
no copies were printed.
all figures in this report are in singapore dollars unless otherwise specified.
certain figures in this report may not add up to the respective totals due to rounding.
we welcome your feedback and suggestions at sustainability@uobgroup.com.
contents overview 3 our 2022 snapshot 4 deputy chairman and ceo's statement 6 our commitment to net zero our approach 10 sustainability strategy 14 sustainability governance 16 stakeholder engagement 18 material esg factors drive growth sustainably 24 economic contributions 26 sustainable banking keep customers at the centre 56 fair dealing 59 data privacy and governance 62 customer experience 66 financial inclusion develop professionals of principle 71 talent development and inclusion 79 workplace safety, health and well-being uphold corporate responsibility 85 governance and risk culture 89 regulatory compliance 93 information security 95 direct environmental impact 102 sustainable procurement 104 community stewardship appendix 111 sustainability in numbers 124 climate scenario analysis methodology 128 recognition and awards 130 memberships 131 gri content index 139 sasb index 142 tcfd index 143 un sdgs index 149 ungc ten principles index 150 glossary 154 external assurance our 2022 snapshot drive growth sustainably net zero by 2050: commitment made for six sectors $25 billion: in total sustainable financing to corporates uob transition finance framework: established to support companies in decarbonisation uob sustainability compass: rolled out to help smes kickstart their sustainability journey $10 billion: in total assets under management in esg-focused investments keep customers at the centre 91%: of customer complaints resolved within established standards zero: material issues in relation to data confidentiality and privacy 75%: digitally-enabled individual customers with a monthly active rate of 38% uob sme app: launched for smes to transact and gain personalised insights on an interactive dashboard the greentech accelerator: launched to connect smes and corporates to green innovations develop professionals of principle¹ 37%: of our senior management are women 94%: of our colleagues hired locally $26 million: invested in employee training and development 790,000 area in square feet: of total office space transformed into high-performance workplaces sg clean certification: achieved for all our buildings and branches in singapore uphold corporate responsibility best risk management – gold: received at the singapore corporate awards 2022 zero: cases of significant non-compliance in relation to bribery, corruption or fraud zero: material information security incidents carbon neutrality: maintained for our operational footprint $9 million: in monetary and in-kind contributions raised for the community notes: ¹ excludes employees from citigroup in malaysia and thailand, where relevant.
deputy chairman and ceo's statement . sustainability is a strategic area on which we are focusing our efforts to create real impact, as part of our promise to do right by our stakeholders.
it is fundamental to uob's corporate purpose and we want to be a responsible financial steward to help individuals, companies and communities build the future of asean.
forging our net zero future in 2022, we saw progress in climate action around the world as more countries and companies set targets to achieve net zero carbon emissions.
even as topics such as climate change and net zero take centre stage, global events have brought home the importance of issues including food and energy security, and supply chain resilience.
at uob, we have laid out a comprehensive roadmap for our net zero commitment and targets for six focus sectors in the energy and built environment ecosystems.
these sectors are critical to the transition of the economies and industries in southeast asia.
they also account for 60 per cent of our corporate lending portfolio and the majority of our scope 3 financed emissions.
we are also mindful that as we pursue decarbonisation, we need to ensure a just transition for continued socioeconomic growth in our region, given the diverse economic and social needs.
to these ends, we have adopted internationally-recognised regional pathways relevant to our key markets.
this will enable us to help drive an orderly and just transition so that lives and livelihoods can continue to improve, particularly in our home region.
driving growth sustainably it is critical that we support our customers in sustainable development.
in 2022, we launched the uob transition finance framework with the aim to help companies in carbon-intensive, hard-to-abate sectors with their transition plans.
we actively promote green and sustainability-linked finance to our corporate clients seeking growth opportunities.
we are well on track to achieve our sustainable finance portfolio target of $30 billion by 2025. small- and medium-sized enterprises smes are the bedrock of our economies, but they also need the most help in their sustainable transition.
to support them, we rolled out the uob sustainability compass to offer smes a customised, step-by-step guide on starting and advancing their sustainability journeys.
for individuals, we help uob evol cardholders to offset their household electricity carbon footprint when they charge their utilities bills to their credit card.
we also made progress in addressing climate-related risks and opportunities against our task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd adoption roadmap.
in this year's sustainability report, we have enhanced our disclosures on climate-related risks, including our improved stress testing modelling for physical and transition risks.
keeping customers at the centre the finlab, our innovation accelerator, continues to play its role to connect smes in the region to digital solution providers in areas such as business transformation and sustainability innovation.
the greentech accelerator, a global programme launched in 2022, helps address companies' environmental-related needs.
it also supports innovative greentech solution providers in terms of funding, advisory, mentorship and networking opportunities.
with customers' interests at the heart of all that we do, we focus on creating positive experiences for them.
during the year, we introduced an auto-save feature on the tmrw digital banking app in indonesia to help our customers earn higher interest on their savings account balances.
this is powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning, technologies that we leverage while ensuring the principles of fairness, ethics, accountability and transparency.
deputy chairman and ceo's statement across the region, we introduced a new branch concept, wellness@uob, to engage customers through mental and physical wellness activities.
this is part of our ongoing branch transformation to provide personalized services focused on our customers' holistic wellness.
we resumed holding an in-person uob global heartbeat run/walk event in 2022. this annual flagship event, where our colleagues and their families, as well as our customers, come together to raise funds for the underprivileged, was well attended.
during the year, we clocked close to 45,000 hours of training per employee of volunteering and raised more than $9.2 million in monetary and in-kind contributions across the group.
developing professionals of principle we introduced the uob way in 2022 to strengthen our people culture and to build employee pride.
it embodies our people philosophy of care, growth, and trust, so our people feel included, recognized, and valued for their diverse strengths and contributions.
as part of expanding our talent pool to tap on a wider set of valuable skills and experience, our gig+u employment scheme supports retirees and women who have left the workforce to take on flexible work.
training and development are key to uob's care for our people's professional and personal growth.
in 2022, we launched the group technology and operations gto academy for our 5,000-strong gto workforce to be upskilled and certified.
it adds to our existing suite of functional academies and group-wide learning and development programmes that focus on building competencies for the future.
even as we recover from the pandemic, hybrid ways of working offer a dynamic work environment that supports work-life balance for our people.
as at the end of 2022, we have transformed a total of 790,000 area in square feet of office space into high-performance workplaces, where productivity, agility, and ergonomics are key to ensuring that our people can perform at their best.
upholding corporate responsibility at uob, strong risk management and business ethics are the building blocks on which we stand firm in our stewardship role to safeguard our customers' assets, to drive socioeconomic growth and to contribute to the well-being of the community and the environment.
we maintained operational carbon neutrality in 2022. this was a result of ongoing efforts to reduce energy consumption and to use renewable energy sources, supplemented by carbon offsets to address a small balance of our carbon emissions.
eight of our wholly-owned buildings are certified green and we will continue our work to achieve the recognition for all uob buildings by 2030. building the sustainable future of asean we are making good progress in our integration of citigroup's consumer banking businesses in indonesia, malaysia, thailand, and vietnam.
this transformational deal expanded our retail operations and enabled us to create greater value for our enlarged base of seven million customers to date.
we are also strengthening our regional capabilities with new local sustainability offices being set up across our banking subsidiaries.
to deepen the awareness and competencies of our more than 28,000 colleagues, we rolled out a group-wide sustainability 101 training module, available in local languages in our key markets.
this will be followed by structured and tailored training based on the needs of different business and support units.
transformative change in sustainability can only take place when there are ambitious, coordinated, and collective efforts across all levels of government, economy, and society.
it is our responsibility to build a sustainable future for generations to come.
at uob, we want to create meaningful value and positive impact for the people around us, by working with our colleagues, customers, and other stakeholders.
i believe that we can, and we will, catalyse and enable change.
wee ee cheong deputy chairman and chief executive officer february 2023 our commitment to net zero asia, particularly southeast asia, is one of the areas most vulnerable to climate change.
as a leading financial institution operating in this region, uob is steadfast in being a positive force in the fight against climate change.
our commitment to net zero by 2050 is grounded in the need for a just transition that continues to support socioeconomic growth and improve energy access across the diverse economies in the region, in tandem with decarbonisation.
our commitment and targets as a start, we have covered two key carbon-emitting ecosystems, namely energy and the built environment.
these span six focus sectors that are material contributors to greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions regionally and account for about 60 per cent of uob's corporate lending portfolio.
the six sectors are among the most important for decarbonisation.
in particular, oil, gas and coal, which are the supply of fossil fuels, are responsible for 73 per cent of direct emissions globally.
the power, automotive, real estate and steel sectors, through downstream usage of electricity, passenger cars, iron, steel and buildings, account for 67 per cent of emissions arising from fossil fuel combustion.
our targets in these sectors reflect our ambition to facilitate this change end to end.
energy power emissions baseline and targets kgco₂/megawatt-hours reduction target: -61% by 2030 2021 baseline: 365 ngfs remind regional automotive emissions baseline and targets grams of co2 per vehicle kilometer reduction target: -58% by 2030 2021 baseline: 128 iea nze global oil and gas no new project financing for upstream oil and gas projects approved for development after 2022 built environment real estate emissions baseline and targets kilograms of co₂ per square meter reduction target: -36% by 2030 2021 baseline: 87 crrem regional construction emissions baseline and targets tonnes of co2/$ million reduction target: -31% by 2030 2021 baseline: 25 ngfs gcam regional steel emissions baseline and targets total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co2 per metric ton reduction target: -20% by 2030 2021 baseline: 1.77 mpp tech moratorium global note on reference pathways: ngfs remind: network for greening the financial system's regional model of investment and model development iea nze: international energy agency's net zero emissions by 2050 crrem: carbon risk real estate monitor ngfs gcam: network for greening the financial system's global change assessment model mpp: mission possible partnership our commitment to net zero our principles for prioritising sectors 1. emissions materiality: focus on 'brown' sectors with highest greenhouse gas emissions and criticality for achieving climate goals 2. sector abatement horizon: focus on sectors with largest expected decline in greenhouse gas emissions in coming years 3. portfolio materiality: cover sectors representing a significant portion of uob's corporate loan book, where we have the greatest potential to effect change we are guided by the science in setting our net zero targets and have based our targets on internationally-recognised climate models.
in consideration of structural differences across the region, we have extracted regional pathways for some targets that represent fair contributions of our key markets.
our approach is in line with the guidance from the glasgow financial alliance for net zero gfanz on how financial institutions should set targets and use sectoral pathways in alignment with the paris agreement and the 1.5°c global warming trajectory outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change.
we have applied standards by the partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf to account for the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our financed portfolio.
our data selection priority is also in line with pcaf's guidance, with limited deviations where necessary to reflect the reality of emissions data availability.
our five-step approach to target-setting for our focus sectors, we: 1. calculated emissions at the company-level for each of our clients; 2. aggregated our clients' emissions to create a uob sector average weighted by our exposure to each of those clients; 3. projected those emissions, taking into account the company's plans, national commitments and possible technological developments; 4. established reference scenarios with a science-based pathway to net zero by 2050; and 5. set targets for 2030 and 2050 that bridge the gap between our projections and the reference scenario after quantifying the set of portfolio actions we will need to take.
table: emissions trajectory year: 2021 year: 2030 year: 2040 year: 2050 target table end.
the chart visually represents the emissions trajectory for an individual company, illustrative uob projected emissions, aggregated portfolio emissions, and an illustrative reference scenario from 2021 to 2050, highlighting the target for 2050. our commitment to net zero our decarbonisation commitment is contingent on: our clients achieving fully their decarbonisation strategies and transition plans.
industries evolving to meet full-stated government plans, such as the phase-out of internal combustion engine vehicles and the adoption of electric vehicles.
power grid decarbonisation occurring in line with national energy plans, which will have an impact on scope 2 emissions in other sectors, especially real estate.
as a commercial bank, we see our role as a catalyst and enabler to influence the real economy towards net zero.
we are embedding our net zero targets in our business strategies and operations as we actively engage our clients across the region, to support them on setting their net zero plans or on making their existing net zero plans more ambitious, as well as through transition financing.
we will also direct more financing towards green projects and activities, and away from those that emit the most carbon.
we seek to expand the scope of our targets to include new sectors and sub-sectors as data and climate scenarios become available.
find out more memberships member of the net-zero banking alliance member of gfanz uob sustainability report 2022, page 8 our approach image of a bamboo forest, symbolizing sustainable growth and environmental responsibility.
sustainability strategy page 10 sustainability governance page 14 stakeholder engagement page 16 material esg factors page 18 uob sustainability report 2022 page 9 sustainability strategy at uob, our sustainability strategy is underpinned by our corporate purpose and mirrors our business approach of balancing growth with responsibility.
our strategy takes into account the influence and impact our decisions and actions may have on our stakeholders and the environment.
it also ensures that we remain economically relevant through managing environmental, social and governance esg risks and opportunities practically and in line with market realities.
board statement on sustainability the board is committed to building on the bank's rich heritage to continue creating long-term value for all its stakeholders.
it guides management in prioritising, formulating and driving the sustainability strategy.
together with management and with feedback from external stakeholders, the board considers and identifies the material esg risks and opportunities that are relevant to the long-term success of the bank.
the board is cognisant of national agendas and stays updated on sustainability-related developments.
it recognises the important role of financial institutions in facilitating action against climate change and customers' transition to more sustainable businesses and solutions.
these are taken into account when shaping the sustainability strategy of the bank, ensuring that the bank is responding effectively to developments in the market and stakeholders' expectations.
the bank's values of honour, enterprise, unity and commitment underpin uob's sustainability strategy.
they will continue to guide its people, policies and processes to ensure the long-term interests of its stakeholders are met and the performance of uob sustained.
our group sustainability framework in our focus on creating sustainable value for our stakeholders, we align our long-term business strategies with their interests.
we believe in sustainable development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
this entails respect for the environment, human rights, labour rights, decent work and economic growth, data privacy and business ethics.
to ensure that our programmes and initiatives take root and grow, we comply with the esg-related laws and regulations in each of our key markets.
our group sustainability framework supports business decision-making at all levels by providing guidance on how to manage sustainability-related risks and business opportunities in the context of direct and indirect impact to the environment, society and the economy.
underpinned by various relevant policies which define our commitments and guide our approach to conducting business in a sustainable manner, the group sustainability framework is reviewed annually and approved by our board.
we are guided by five principles that act as a compass for how we address the material risks and opportunities which may impact our customers, colleagues, investors, suppliers and the communities in which we operate.
as one of asia's largest banks, uob has a duty to contribute to the region's long-term economic, social and environmental well-being.
we also recognise that good corporate governance is essential for embedding sustainable business practices across the group.
this long-term, responsible approach is our heritage and is central to our business strategy and activities.
sustainability strategy our guiding principles 1. forge a sustainable future with our customers engage our customers proactively to influence their sustainability practices for greater long-term resilience.
2. aligned to business strategy and stakeholder interests stay economically relevant by pursuing sustainable growth strategies.
3. pragmatic and progressive implement sustainability programmes to manage esg risks and opportunities sensibly, in line with market and competitive realities.
4. regulatory compliance as the baseline align our sustainability approach with esg policies and guidelines of governments in our key markets.
5. values-driven based on our longstanding and distinct values.
just as our business strategy hinges on doing what is right for our customers, our sustainability strategy informs our engagement with our stakeholders and how we can help them in their own practices for positive outcomes in the long run.
we are cognisant of the direct environmental and social impact of our own operations and have set objectives and targets toward mitigating this impact.
we are also aware that our lending and funding activities have significant potential to affect the environment, society and the economy indirectly, in both positive and negative ways.
therefore, we are constantly enhancing our mechanisms to ensure our customers and suppliers comply with all applicable local, national and international legislations, including those intended to safeguard environmental and social well-being.
further, we encourage them to adopt suitable best practices that are aligned with internationally-recognised guidelines, codes and standards.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no footnotes or additional annotations.
our sustainability strategy promote united nations sustainable development goals with our stakeholders drive growth sustainably contribute economically to the progress of our communities embed environmental, social and governance risk in our approach to risk management integrate social and environmental considerations into our credit evaluation and approval processes adopt and promote climate-resilient practices to support our customers in their transition to a low-carbon economy develop and provide sustainable financing and sustainable investment solutions keep customers at the centre protect customer data and privacy through secure and robust systems and practices ensure fair dealing create intuitive and impactful customer experiences make banking simpler, smarter and safer through ethical use of technology and data make banking more accessible and inclusive support businesses across all stages of growth develop professionals of principle develop high-performing teams and future-focused individuals promote work-life harmony encourage volunteerism and advocacy for social and environmental causes ensure employee engagement and satisfaction ensure workplace health, safety and well-being embrace diverse abilities and strengths uphold corporate responsibility maintain highest standards of governance and risk culture ensure regulatory compliance protect the financial system against abuse incorporate sustainability principles into our procurement practices manage direct environmental impact and encourage environmental stewardship champion social development in art, children and education rooted in our values of honour, enterprise, unity and commitment we refine our sustainability strategy continually through engaging internal and external stakeholders, including employees, regulators, investors and customers.
we also consider global issues, aligning ourselves with the united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs , as well as our stakeholders' expectations in appreciation of what is material to them and the context of the countries in which we operate.
sustainability strategy alignment with the un sdgs and global compact the un sdgs, or global goals, set the global agenda for sustainable development by 2030 and call for action by both the public and private sectors.
uob's strategy and reporting are aligned with the 17 un sdgs.
we recognise that while uob is better placed to contribute directly to a subset of the global goals, the broadening scope of our sustainable financing, responsible investing and impact investment activities and their corresponding positive impact enable us to align with all the global goals.
uob also became a participant of the united nations global compact in 2021. as a signatory, we support the ten principles of the global compact in the areas of human rights, labour, environment and anti-corruption.
we are committed to integrating these principles into our culture, business strategy and daily operations.
uob sustainable bond framework the uob sustainable bond framework, launched in march 2021, governs the issuance of any debt instruments, by uob and our banking subsidiaries, in relation to our financing of green and social projects that contribute to the un sdgs.
the framework covers: green bonds to finance and/or to refinance eligible green assets; social bonds to finance and/or to refinance eligible social assets; or sustainability bonds to finance and/or to refinance a mix of eligible green assets and eligible social assets.
it is in line with: the international capital market association green bond principles, social bond principles and the sustainability bond guidelines; and the asean green bond standards, social bond standards and sustainability bond standards.
sustainalytics, an independent esg research, ratings and analytics firm, provided the second party opinion on the uob sustainable bond framework.
in july 2022, we published our first uob sustainability bond allocation and impact report to provide details of our united states dollar1.5 billion sustainability bond issued in april 2021. the report shared the allocation of proceeds and the asset portfolio's distribution by geography and sector as at 31 march 2022, as well as the positive impact generated.
ernst & young llp provided the independent limited assurance for both the uob sustainable bond framework and the uob sustainability bond allocation and impact report.
sustainability governance sustainability is the responsibility of all uob employees.
as part of our commitment to sustainable and responsible growth, we identify, assess and manage social and environmental risks, challenges, impact and opportunities.
this is carried out within a robust governance framework, underpinned by policies and guidelines that define our commitment and guide our approach to conducting business.
our governance structure level: board level, committee/body: board of directors, description: reviews long-term business and organizational goals; provides strategic direction for the bank's sustainability practices, including those addressing climate change-related issues; oversees management and monitoring of esg factors; reviews and approves relevant disclosures.
committee/body: executive committee exco , description: supports the board of directors committee/body: management executive committee mec , description: supports the exco; provides strategic direction for the bank's sustainability practices; reports to the board.
committee/body: group sustainability committee gsc , description: senior management committee reporting to the mec on sustainability matters; represents the bank's business and support units; reviews material esg factors, identifies risks and opportunities, sets goals and targets, evaluates emerging issues, collates and assesses data, monitors progress.
similar structures are set up within banking subsidiaries to ensure that our sustainability strategy and objectives are effectively being implemented in our markets.
in addition, the management teams of the uob entities are responsible for appraising the relevant sustainability issues in their respective domains and for taking appropriate steps to ensure that customers and suppliers also meet relevant policy requirements, wherever applicable.
further, we are setting up a sustainability advisory panel to provide external perspectives and independent advice to our board and management on various aspects of our sustainability strategy, targets and initiatives.
this approach will enable us to benefit from different areas of expertise and best practice ideas.
sustainability governance training in 2022, we rolled out mandatory sustainability 101 training for all our employees globally.
the e-learning module is available in local languages for colleagues in our key markets.
as at 31 december 2022, close to 100 percent of our employees completed the training.
from 2023, all new joiners are required to complete the training within one month of their onboarding.
during the year, all our board directors also completed the requisite training on sustainability, including the environmental, social and governance essentials module under the singapore institute of directors’ listed entity directors programme, as well as climate change issues and net zero.
our board and management also received training on anti-money laundering/countering the financing of terrorism and sanctions, anti-fraud, anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
remuneration our employees’ remuneration is linked to our sustainability performance.
variable pay pool is based on the performance against the group’s balanced scorecard, which includes esg risk as part of the group risk appetite statement, as well as sustainability-related key performance indicators kpis . sustainability metrics are also integrated into the kpis and appraisal process for colleagues from relevant functions.
find out more corporate governance, uob annual report 2022 tcfd reporting stakeholder engagement constructive dialogue and collaboration with our stakeholders are important to uob creating and maintaining meaningful and mutually-beneficial relationships.
through continual stakeholder engagement, we are informed of changing trends, developments and expectations, thereby keeping ourselves open to possibilities and focused on staying relevant to our stakeholders.
we regularly seek our stakeholders' views and expectations through conversations, collaboration and research.
by taking an inclusive approach, we hope they in turn will have a deeper understanding of our purpose, practices and performance.
this approach contributes to our continual review of our strategy, policies and programmes.
in addition, we also carefully consider feedback from institutional investors and analysts, regulators and non-governmental organisations ngos regarding the environmental, social and governance esg factors that are material to the bank.
colleagues ceo communications to all colleagues on regular and topical subjects quarterly, and as and when appropriate head of group human resources' communications to all colleagues on employee-related initiatives as and when appropriate one-on-one sessions with managers regularly online and mobile employee portal with informative, collaborative and social features ongoing performance reviews half-yearly employee engagement surveys annually town hall meetings annually training and workshops ongoing 'speak up' initiative for colleagues to raise issues for action and resolution ongoing community support of national movements to build inclusive communities ongoing fundraising events annually regional art competitions annually collaborations with customers, business partners, art institutions, social service organisations and community development councils ongoing art roadshows and outreach programmes as and when appropriate education programmes for children ongoing financial literacy programmes as and when appropriate donations in cash or in kind to support causes related to art, children and education as and when appropriate employee volunteerism ongoing customers interactions at branches ongoing face-to-face meetings ongoing contact centre services ongoing post-transaction customer surveys ongoing marketing and advertising campaigns ongoing website and social media channels and campaigns ongoing events and seminars, including workshops on sustainability as and when appropriate suppliers requests for quotations and proposals as and when appropriate vendor briefings as and when appropriate purchase agreements as and when appropriate performance reviews annually or prior to contract expiry stakeholder engagement governments and regulators regular meetings and engagement as and when appropriate consultations with regulatory bodies as and when appropriate annual and sustainability reports annually audit reports ongoing media news releases and media statements ongoing in-person and online conversations ongoing media briefings and conferences as and when appropriate media interviews as and when appropriate social media platforms ongoing economic and market research reports and white papers as and when appropriate other financial institutions, and industry and trade associations participation in industry associations ongoing industry-wide workgroups and meetings as and when appropriate forums and conferences as and when appropriate ngos face-to-face meetings and conference calls as and when appropriate conferences and seminars as and when appropriate cooperation in joint programmes ongoing investors and analysts financial reporting and results briefings quarterly periodic meetings with rating agencies at least once a year general meetings with shareholders annually annual and sustainability reports annually sgxnet announcements as and when appropriate presentations, conferences and roadshows ongoing uob corporate day annually feedback from analyst surveys ongoing feedback from institutional investors and analysts on our esg performance ongoing material esg factors uob's most significant impacts on the economy, environment, and society are reflected in our material environmental, social, and governance esg factors.
we conduct materiality assessments and stakeholder consultations on a continual basis to ensure that these material factors are in context of our operating environment, business and operations, as well as regulatory and stakeholder expectations.
materiality assessment in 2022, we embarked on a materiality assessment exercise with our key stakeholder groups, both internal and external, to gather their feedback on the esg factors most important to uob and that have the greatest impact on them.
we adopted an integrated approach of analyzing both quantitative and qualitative research to gain a holistic overview of stakeholder expectations.
through surveys and one-on-one interviews, we prioritized factors that are critical to the continued success of our business and sustainable development of the wider community.
increasingly interconnected, our material esg factors inform our strategic decision-making and guide us in our practices, stakeholder engagement, and reporting.
stage: identify and review , what we did: advised by an independent sustainability consultancy, we conducted stakeholder mapping to identify our key stakeholder groups, including our board and senior management, employees, investors and analysts, as well as customers.
stage: prioritize , what we did: following a review of the material esg factors reported in 2021, we grouped factors of common key themes within our operating context and streamlined them from 22 to 14 material factors.
this was to ensure clearer articulation of what matters to us and our stakeholders, and to make information more accessible.
through online surveys, stakeholders were asked to score the 14 esg factors based on significance and impact.
qualitative feedback from one-on-one interviews was also taken into consideration in developing our materiality matrix.
based on the importance to uob and impact on our stakeholders, we categorized the esg factors into critical, very important and important.
the material esg factors and materiality matrix were reviewed and approved by our group sustainability committee, management executive committee and board.
undertaken by an independent third party, the materiality assessment showed that critical and essential elements of banking, including regulatory compliance, information security, data privacy, governance, and risk culture, remained at the top of our stakeholders' radar.
sustainable banking and direct environmental impact rose both in terms of importance and impact, reflecting stakeholder expectations of uob, our business and operations amid the growing call for climate action.
in addition, we saw greater focus on social impact, particularly regarding workplace safety, health and well-being and community stewardship.
material esg factors materiality matrix a matrix showing the importance and impact of various esg factors.
factors are categorized by importance important, very important, critical and impact low to high . the factors are color-coded by category: drive growth sustainably blue , keep customers at the centre dark blue , develop professionals of principle orange , uphold corporate responsibility pink . critical: data privacy and governance regulatory compliance governance and risk culture very important: sustainable banking talent development and inclusion customer experience fair dealing information security workplace safety, health and well-being important: economic contributions direct environmental impact community stewardship sustainable procurement financial inclusion an illustration of bamboo plants.
material esg factors material esg factor: drive growth sustainably material esg factor: economic contributions, impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: contribute economically to the progress of our communities, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: distributed $8.5 billion in payments that flowed to stakeholders, such as colleagues, suppliers, investors, authorities and local communities supported job creation, with 93.9 per cent local employee representation material esg factor: sustainable banking, impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: embed esg risk in our approach to risk management integrate social and environmental considerations into our credit evaluation and approval processes adopt and promote climate-resilient practices to support our customers in their transition to a low carbon economy develop and provide sustainable financing and sustainable investment solutions, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: committed to net zero by 2050, including the support of our clients in their decarbonisation enhanced our responsible financing sector policies in oil and gas, thermal coal and animal protein extended $25 billion in total sustainable financing to corporates rolled out the uob transition finance framework to support clients in hard-to-abate sectors piloted the green and sustainable deposits solution to help clients contribute to positive impact through their funds launched the uob sustainability compass to help small- and medium-sized enterprises smes kickstart their sustainability journey enabled uob evol cardholders in singapore to offset their household electricity carbon footprint channelled $10 billion in total assets under management to esg-focused investments table end.
keep customers at the centre material esg factor: fair dealing, impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: ensure fair dealing, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: resolved at least 90 per cent of customer complaints within the established standards reviewed uob tmrw design principles to ensure no dark patterns are used material esg factor: data privacy and governance, impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: protect customer data and privacy through secure and robust systems and practices protect the financial system against abuse, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: maintained zero material issues in relation to data confidentiality and privacy enhanced our processes and controls to ensure continued robustness and relevance table end.
material esg factors material esg factor: customer experience , impact boundary: ■, priority: critical, strategic objectives: create intuitive and impactful customer experiences make banking simpler, smarter and safer through ethical use of technology and data, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: launched uob sme app to help smes transact and gain personalized insights on an interactive dashboard achieved 75 per cent digitally-enabled individual customers with a monthly active rate of 38 per cent launched auto-save savings feature on tmrw digital banking app in indonesia for customers to earn higher interest on their account balances material esg factor: financial inclusion , impact boundary: ■, priority: important, strategic objectives: make banking more accessible and inclusive support businesses across all stages of growth, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: launched the greentech accelerator to connect smes and corporates to green innovations opened about 600 shariah-compliant bank accounts for university students in malaysia, providing them access to financial management tools, free takaful protection cover and other banking services continued to support businesses promoting access to finance and uplifting communities living at the 'base of pyramid' through our asia impact investment funds material esg factor: talent development and inclusion , impact boundary: ●, priority: critical, strategic objectives: develop high-performing teams and future-focused individuals ensure employee engagement and satisfaction embrace diverse abilities and strengths, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: invested $25.9 million in employee training and development programmes expanded our gig+u programme to include women in addition to retirees employed colleagues from 49 nationalities across the group supported employment for 30 people with disabilities at the uob scan hub in singapore material esg factor: workplace safety, health and well-being , impact boundary: ●, priority: critical, strategic objectives: promote work-life harmony ensure workplace health, safety and well-being, interested stakeholders: , key responses and/or value creation in 2022: transformed a total of 790,000 area in square feet in office space into high-performance workplaces achieved sg clean certification for all our buildings and branches in singapore supported colleagues in shanghai, china with various care measures during the pandemic table end.
impact boundaries key: ▲ impact outside the organisation: colleagues, other financial institutions, and industry and trade associations, customers ■ impact within and outside the organisation: community, suppliers, investors and analysts, media ● impact within the organisation: governments and regulators, non-governmental organisations material esg factors uphold corporate responsibility material esg factor: governance and risk culture, priority: critical, strategic objectives: maintain highest standards of governance and risk culture, key responses and/or value creation in 2022: maintained a majority independent board and had two female directors; launched the risk culture and conduct e-handbook to reinforce risk culture principles material esg factor: regulatory compliance, priority: critical, strategic objectives: ensure regulatory compliance; protect the financial system against abuse, key responses and/or value creation in 2022: maintained zero cases of significant non-compliance in relation to bribery, corruption or fraud material esg factor: information security, priority: critical, strategic objectives: protect customer data and privacy through secure and robust systems and practices; make banking simpler, smarter and safer through ethical use of technology and data; protect the financial system against abuse, key responses and/or value creation in 2022: maintained zero material information security incidents; registered with the singapore infocomm media development authority's sms sender id registry to protect consumers from sms-related scams material esg factor: direct environmental impact, priority: very important, strategic objectives: manage direct environmental impact and encourage environmental stewardship, key responses and/or value creation in 2022: maintained operational carbon neutrality for our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions; remained on track to achieve our 2030 reduction targets for energy use intensity and scope 2 emissions intensity; achieved green building certifications for eight of our 14 wholly-owned buildings material esg factor: sustainable procurement, priority: important, strategic objectives: incorporate sustainability principles into our procurement practices, key responses and/or value creation in 2022: had 98 per cent of suppliers in singapore acknowledge our group supplier sustainability principles; established the sustainable procurement guidelines to minimise negative esg impacts from corporate real estate services' procured products and services material esg factor: community stewardship, priority: very important, strategic objectives: champion social development in art, children and education; encourage volunteerism and advocacy for social and environmental causes; encourage environmental stewardship, key responses and/or value creation in 2022: raised more than $9.2 million in monetary and in-kind contributions for communities in need; volunteered more than 44,800 hours of training per employee, averaging 1.6 hours of training per employee per employee across the group table end.
impact boundaries: impact outside the organisation: colleagues, customers, other financial institutions, and industry and trade associations impact within and outside the organisation: community, suppliers, investors and analysts, media impact within the organisation: governments and regulators, non-governmental organisations drive growth sustainably 24. economic contributions 26. sustainable banking uob sustainability report 2022 23 economic contributions uob's global network spans 19 countries and territories, with our economic contributions including payments to stakeholders such as our colleagues, suppliers, investors, authorities and local communities.
the manner in which our economic value is distributed has the potential to impact the economy and society at large.
our approach we contribute to the wider economy by creating jobs for employees, sourcing from suppliers of products and services, supporting local communities, promoting inclusive financing, and paying taxes to governments and dividends to shareholders.
to create long-term value for all our stakeholders, we have frameworks, policies, guidelines and procedures in place to ensure that we remain responsible and disciplined in how we drive growth.
among these is our approach to responsible tax management.
uob is committed to complying with the tax laws and regulations across the countries and territories in which we operate.
we file our tax returns accurately and in a timely manner, and fulfil our tax obligations appropriately.
uob takes a low tolerance approach towards tax risk.
tax risk is managed through the tax risk management and governance framework which is based on the following principles: undertake transactions which are grounded in commercial realities; consistently consider tax implications before implementing our business plans; file our tax returns accurately and in a timely manner, and fulfil our tax obligations appropriately; employ experienced and qualified in-house tax professionals; and seek professional advice from third-party advisers and consult with tax authorities on transactions with significant tax uncertainty.
the group chief financial officer has oversight of tax responsibilities with support from the head of group tax.
our targets maintain zero material cases of non-compliance with regard to tax management.
this was achieved in 2022. maintain local procurement spend above 85 per cent to support local suppliers.
purchases from local suppliers accounted for 92.8 per cent of our total purchases in 2022. maintain local employee representation above 90 per cent.
local employee representation was 93.9 per cent in 2022. economic contributions 2022 highlights in 2022, we generated total income of $11.6 billion , of which we distributed $8.5 billion in payments that flowed to stakeholders, such as colleagues, suppliers, investors, authorities and local communities.
these included: $1.2 billion accrued in income tax; $3.0 billion in employee compensation and benefits; $2.2 billion in purchases from more than 8,400 suppliers; $9.2 million in monetary and in-kind contributions to the community; and $2.1 billion in dividends to shareholders.
memberships chair of the association of banks in singapore's standing committee on tax member of the asia securities industry & financial markets association sustainable banking uob is committed to helping businesses advance responsibly and enabling sustainable lifestyles through the provision of sustainable banking products, from financing to investments.
we also address the environmental, social and governance esg risks and opportunities of our business, including those in relation to climate change.
this enables us to support our customers in the transition to a net zero economy and in turn, improve the resilience of our portfolio.
our approach uob has embedded sustainability in our long-term business strategy, aligning with the united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs , the paris agreement and national goals of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
as we push forward on our journey in building the sustainable future of asean, we are committed to managing esg risks prudently.
we recognise that we have an important role to play in helping shape responsible actions from our customers through our financing and investing activities, as well as the banking solutions we offer.
responsible financing established in 2015, our group responsible financing policy integrates the principles of the association of banks in singapore abs guidelines on responsible financing into our credit evaluation and approval processes, and applies to all borrowing customers of group wholesale banking and to the bank's capital market underwriting activities.
the policy is guided by our group environmental risk management enrm framework and embedded within uob group's corporate credit policy.
it is reviewed annually and approved by the group credit committee under the oversight of the board risk management committee.
our responsible financing sector policies set out mandatory requirements and recommendations on managing the esg risks of our lending portfolio in areas such as human rights, labour and working conditions, pollution prevention, resource efficiency, community health and safety, as well as biodiversity conservation.
these risks are applicable throughout the financing life cycle.
the diagram shows the uob group responsible financing policy, guided by the uob group environmental risk management framework.
it includes: guiding principles and prohibitions; esg risk assessment process; uob group responsible financing policy; esg-related credit approval process; and esg risk monitoring process.
our responsible financing journey establishing 2015-2016 launched the group responsible financing policy.
began to incorporate esg clauses into letters of offer.
improving 2017-2018 enhanced esg monitoring and reporting to improve oversight of potential controversies.
implemented esg risk classification to better manage esg risk in portfolio.
adopted the abs haze diagnostics checklist as transboundary haze pollution shrouded the region.
strengthening and evolving 2019-2022 strengthened due diligence process with enhanced checklist and climate-related questions.
tightened our stance in thermal coal mining, coal-fired power and palm oil sectors.
established the group enrm framework and published responsible financing sector policies.
all employees in relevant roles completed an industry-wide e-learning module on responsible financing.
announced our net zero commitment and targets for six sectors, including committing to exit financing for the thermal coal sector by 2039 and to cease new project financing for upstream oil and gas projects approved for development after 2022. adopted the abs environmental risk questionnaire erq to further strengthen our approach on climate risk assessment and engagement with corporate customers on the identification of environmental risks and sustainable financing opportunities.
conducted group-wide esg risk assessment capacity-building workshops with a strong focus on climate risk management.
sustainable banking we review our portfolio's esg risk exposure periodically.
as at 31 december 2022, all applicable borrowers underwent the esg risk assessment with relevant risks adequately managed and mitigated.
in 2022, there were 24 borrowers under heightened monitoring due to esg concerns, of which 11 were escalated.
these accounted for less than one per cent of our total non-bank loan portfolio.
we also exited relationships with two borrowers due to esg considerations.
esg assessment performed in 2022 8,000+ customers were assessed 400+ customers required enhanced esg due diligence portfolio exposure we did not have a significant concentration in any of the eight esg-sensitive sectors defined by the abs guidelines on responsible financing, namely agriculture, forestry, chemicals, infrastructure, defence, mining and metals, energy from fossil fuels and waste management.
collectively, these sectors accounted for approximately nine per cent of our total loan portfolio.
<1% exposure to palm oil sector <0.1% exposure to thermal coal mining sector exposure to coal-fired power generation versus renewable energy in relation to total non-bank loans table: exposure to coal-fired power and renewable energy 2019-2022 year: 2019, coal-fired power plants % : 0.12, renewable energy % : 0.08 year: 2020, coal-fired power plants % : 0.10, renewable energy % : 0.09 year: 2021, coal-fired power plants % : 0.07, renewable energy % : 0.11 year: 2022, coal-fired power plants % : 0.04, renewable energy % : 0.16 table end.
equator principles ep - managing environmental and social risks uob is a signatory to the ep, a risk management framework used by financial institutions globally for determining, assessing and managing environmental and social risks in projects.
the ep requirements are integrated into our group responsible financing policy for group-wide implementation.
since the adoption of the ep in august 2021 till the end of 2022, we were mandated to finance seven ep transactions, all of which were project finance transactions.
table: uob's equator principles project finance transactions 2021-2022 no.: 1, project name: project augustus, sector: mining, country: indonesia, category: a, year of financial close: 2022 no.: 2, project name: project sharon, sector: oil & gas, country: australia, category: b, year of financial close: 2021 no.: 3, project name: north east link ppp project, sector: infrastructure, country: australia, category: b, year of financial close: 2022 no.: 4, project name: large-scale solar 4 lss4 project, sector: power, country: malaysia, category: b, year of financial close: 2022 no.: 5, project name: perak tengah lss4 project, sector: power, country: malaysia, category: b, year of financial close: 2022 no.: 6, project name: juru 15mw, sector: power, country: malaysia, category: b, year of financial close: 2022 no.: 7, project name: thailand residential rooftop project, sector: power, country: thailand, category: c, year of financial close: 2022 table end.
notes: category a - projects with potential significant adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are diverse, irreversible or unprecedented.
category b - projects with potential limited adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts that are few in number, generally site-specific, largely reversible and readily addressed through mitigation measures.
category c - projects with minimal or no adverse environmental and social risks and/or impacts.
find out more sustainable banking financing businesses' sustainable growth uob supports businesses in the transition to a low carbon economy, helping them to stay relevant and competitive for the long term.
to help simplify access to sustainable financing for companies looking to build resilient businesses, we have in place sustainable finance umbrella frameworks that are aligned to internationally-recognised standards, principles and guidelines, including the loan market association/asia pacific loan market association green loan principles and sustainability linked loan principles.
these frameworks, which obtained independent second-party opinions, set out the eligible projects or activities that qualify for green and sustainability-linked loans and bonds, trade finance and other retail banking products.
sustainable finance framework for green building developers and owners covers both green and sustainability-linked financing for global real estate financing across eight asset classes: data centres, hotels, industrial, restaurants, hospitals, residential, retail, offices.
smart city sustainable financing framework supports companies contributing to the creation of sustainable and smart cities through the following: renewable energy, green building construction, energy efficiency, climate change adaptation, water management, waste management, green transport.
green financing framework for circular economy supports companies in the 3rs renew, reuse and reduce businesses.
potential applications: plastics recycling, metals recycling, electronics recycling, product as a service, circular designs.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image to extract.
sustainable banking green and sustainable trade finance and working capital framework supports the needs of companies for shorter-term financing <1 year using a 'principles-based' approach.
eligibility: pure-play green companies or green projects companies with recognized, sustainable industry certifications illustrative icons representing un sustainable development goals sdgs transition finance framework supports the transition of the energy-intensive, fossil fuels/brown sectors and 'hard-to-abate' sectors.
illustrative icons representing sectors included in the transition finance framework under these frameworks, we provide a suite of sustainable financing solutions, particularly three ecosystem solutions designed to meet the end-to-end needs within specific sectors, to support our clients in capturing opportunities that contribute to the un sdgs.
in 2022, we extended $8.2 billion in sustainable financing to corporates, bringing our total portfolio to $25.0 billion as at the end of the year.
u-solar launched in 2019, u-solar is asia's first integrated financing platform that connects businesses and individuals to service providers to drive the development and adoption of solar power.
available in indonesia, malaysia, singapore, and thailand, u-solar simplifies access to sustainable financing for solar project developers, engineering, procurement, and construction contractors, and leading equipment suppliers.
residential, commercial, and industrial end-users can also take up financing solutions for solar panel installations and maintenance.
since launch, u-solar has benefitted more than 200 companies and 1,700 homeowners, helping to reduce more than 359,000 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, equivalent to more than 77,000 passenger cars taken off the road for a year or almost six million tree seedlings grown over 10 years.
u-energy launched in 2020, u-energy is asia's first integrated financing platform that drives the development and adoption of energy efficiency projects for buildings and homes.
available in indonesia, malaysia, singapore, and thailand, u-energy connects energy service companies escos with end-customers to offer solutions for common energy efficiency projects.
with our flexible green financing sustainable banking options for building owners include direct purchase or an "energy-as-a-service" model.
homeowners can utilize a zero-percent interest installment plan up to three years when paying for energy-efficient retrofitting projects with uob credit cards.
across the region, 31 esco partners work together to improve energy efficiency.
uob is also working to expand into asean, collaborating with dealers and charging infrastructure providers to offer exclusive packages to customers.
efforts to support the ev sector aim to reduce the carbon emissions intensity of the automotive portfolio by 58% by 2030. amping up u-energy with m&v in 2022, uob provided \$10.8 million in green loans to support measurement & verification m&v for two energy efficiency retrofitting projects.
the projects involved upgrading the air conditioning system at singapore's changi airport.
upon completion, the upgraded system will be 30% more energy-efficient, reducing carbon dioxide equivalents by over 6,000 tons annually equivalent to the energy consumed by approximately 3,500 four-room flats per year . these green loans were provided under enterprise singapore's enterprise financing scheme-green.
m&v participated in uob's u-energy 80gwh energy-saving race, encouraging building owners to pursue green financing options for their energy efficiency projects.
u-drive launched in 2021, u-drive is an integrated green financing solution for the electric vehicle ev ecosystem.
it connects the ev value chain automotive brand owners, dealers, ev charging infrastructure providers, and end-users to promote the development and adoption of green transportation.
available in singapore and thailand, u-drive offers comprehensive green banking facilities, including term loans, trade financing, dealer stock financing, end-user financing for evs and charging equipment, and foreign direct investment advisory to ev original equipment manufacturers.
launch of u-drive in thailand in 2022, uob launched u-drive in thailand, partnering with rêver automotive ev distributor , big phaisan project, energy absolute, espro noodoe, and schneider electric ev charging infrastructure providers . green loan facilities from uob allowed rêver automotive greater working capital flexibility in managing sales and inventory.
the company also utilized uob's distributor financing program to simplify ev purchasing for its dealers.
"we are pleased to work with uob thailand as our key financial partner as we enter the passenger ev space in thailand.
the financing support under u-drive has enabled us to meet our working capital needs more effectively for greater speed to market." - mr pratarnwong phornprapha, chief executive officer ceo , rêver automotive find out more: sustainable banking enabling consumers' sustainable lifestyle choices individuals also have a role in contributing to sustainable development.
being sustainable is a way of life – how we live, work, play, learn, commute, interact and connect.
as such, we offer a range of sustainable banking solutions to help our customers create positive impact through their everyday choices.
our secured loans green product framework and eligibility guide, which we co-created with sustainalytics, guide the development of new sustainable banking solutions for individual customers, particularly secured loan products, and set the criteria for green classification.
launched in 2022, the framework currently applies in uob's key asean markets and is reviewed on an annual basis.
we offer green home and car loans to help consumers take up more environmentally-friendly options in their purchases.
for example, the uob go green home loan is designed to help homebuyers in singapore lower their ownership costs when purchasing a property awarded with the green mark certification from the building and construction authority singapore.
green home loans accounted for almost 10 per cent of total home loan sales in singapore in 2022. as part of our u-drive programme, we also offer the uob go green car loan, bundled with three renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates , in singapore for the purchase of electric cars.
in 2022, we awarded 378 renewable energy certificates, equivalent to more than 154 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide emissions being absorbed by close to 7,700 raintrees.
we also collaborated with sp group to offer new customers three months of free charging capped at 500 kilowatt-hours of training per employee at sp mobility's public charging points.
green car loans contributed to 15 per cent of total car loan sales in 2022. drawing from our success in offering green home and car loans in singapore, we are studying the feasibility of launching similar programmes in our regional markets.
for example, in vietnam, we entered a partnership with an edge-certified property development to offer zero-interest loans until handover of the units.
we also offer preferential loan packages to finance electric and hybrid cars, disbursing about vnd2.6 billion in 2022. the uob evol card the uob evol card is asean's first bio-sourced credit card which enables customers to enjoy cashback and privileges at eco-conscious merchants.
each uob evol card: is made of 82 per cent plant-based polylactic acid material from non-edible corn; saves 4.48 grams of polyvinyl chloride pvc ; and produces 10 grams less in carbon dioxide emissions.
through our partnership with sp group, uob evol cardholders can also offset their household electricity carbon footprint for free by charging their utilities bills to their credit card.
in addition, we launched the sustainable banking feature within our uob tmrw digital banking app in 2022 to help our customers in singapore easily access our range of green solutions and deals, as well as to receive eco-friendly tips for greener lifestyle choices.
sustainable banking facilitating sustainable investments ensuring sustainable investing practices is part of our fiduciary duty to our customers.
we integrate considerations into our research, selection and investment processes as part of managing risks and optimising returns for the long term.
our sustainable investing working group oversees the integration of esg considerations into the way we select providers, provide investment advice, develop our investment strategies, and set standards for our product due diligence.
the process is rooted in our risk-first wealth advisory approach, which helps our customers protect their assets before building their wealth.
our range of sustainable investment products for our wealth management customers include unit trusts, structured products and equities, and green bonds.
we partner reputable product specialists to screen, score, provide and monitor sustainable investment products.
to this end, product providers must have operationalised policies and processes in place and/or adopt or align to globally-recognised standards such as the un-supported principles for responsible investment pri , taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd , sustainability accounting standards board sasb and cdp.
in working with these specialists, we ensure that we incorporate robust and industry-leading criteria and methodologies when identifying sustainable investment solutions.
as at the end of 2022, our assets under management aum in esg-focused investment products were $815.5 million.
unit trusts in the selection of esg-focused unit trusts, we take into consideration: the fund manager's expertise in managing esg portfolios; the incorporation of esg factors in the fund's investment process; and the ability of the fund manager to perform well against its benchmark and peers.
the unit trusts we offer in singapore include bond funds, multi-asset funds and equity funds: united smart sustainable singapore bond fund; united sustainable credit income fund; united sustainable equity solution fund; uobam sustainable equity indonesia; ab sustainable global thematic; allianz global sustainability fund; blackrock gf esg multi-asset; bnp paribas energy transition; bnp paribas sustainable thematic select; and schroder isf global climate change equity.
structured products and equities we offer structured notes linked to the equities of companies with strong esg ratings, focusing on themes that may impact the global economy and which are often environmental or social in nature.
these also include companies that aim to help protect the environment by supporting clean energy and resource conservation projects.
bonds we offer green bonds selected from the bloomberg barclays msci global green bond index, which has been voted the best index for the fifth year running by environmental finance, a leading news and analysis service for sustainable investing and green financing.
the index ensures proper screening and monitoring of the use of proceeds, as well as adherence to industry-standard green bond principles.
index constituents are rigorously assessed on the ongoing environmental impact of the projects, among other factors, for which the green bond proceeds are used.
sustainable banking we also screen green bonds using our internal risk assessment framework to assess their financial fundamentals, including probability of default, fair value and technical analysis indicators.
the additional layer of screening ensures that we only offer our customers the highest-quality green bonds for the best risk-adjusted rewards and stable cash flow outcomes.
uob's sustainable banking solutions for consumers uob asset management uobam - enabling accessible sustainable investments uobam is uob's wholly-owned subsidiary that develops, manages and offers unit trusts across asia.
as an active asset manager, uobam believes that we have a fiduciary duty to allocate capital into sustainable investments and to be active owners of investments.
uobam is a signatory to the un-supported pri, the singapore stewardship principles for responsible investors, as well as a member of the asia investor group on climate change aigcc . this reflects our commitment and purpose to creating value for our investors and communities as well as helping them achieve their sustainable investment goals and aspirations.
in addition to our enrm framework, we have in place our sustainable investment framework, which guides the incorporation of esg considerations into our fundamental analysis and investment approach across asset classes via: integration : explicitly and systematically including esg issues in investment analysis and decisions to better manage risks and improve returns of investments; and screening : applying filters to lists of potential investments to rule companies in or out of contention for investment, based on best-in-class and negative screening approaches.
we use various esg data and metrics, including ratings provided by independent research agencies and other relevant information, such as news reports, to assess if particular esg factors may be material to a company and result in any positive or negative impacts.
to derive the company's real-time esg performance, uobam will then employ our proprietary esg evaluation model to weigh the significance of these data sets, conducting appropriate sector-specific adjustments as needed.
environmental policy the framework also includes our environmental policy, which incorporates environmental-related risks in our investment decision-making processes.
recognising that asia remains heavily reliant on conventional sources of energy and there is a need for an orderly and just transition, our policy sets the following requirements: exclusion of companies that derive ≥20 per cent of their revenue from thermal coal mining and/or power generation, and do not have transition plans; and limitation to 10 per cent of total portfolio weight for companies that derive ≥20 per cent of their revenue from thermal coal mining and/or power generation but have policies and initiatives in place to transition to cleaner energy sources.
beyond climate change, we consider issues including water risk, deforestation and biodiversity loss, labour rights and human rights as part of our holistic esg assessment.
active ownership our active ownership policy facilitates our engagement with portfolio companies, proxy voting and escalation strategies.
we engage companies on a range of thematic and material esg issues that can affect them in the long run and ensure that they are well prepared to mitigate these issues.
equipped with deep and insightful understanding of the region's unique economic, political, and social landscapes, our regional and local esg teams are able to engage companies effectively on esg themes, issues and controversies.
we also encourage them to improve the quality of their disclosures and monitor their sustainability progress, which in turn enables us to continually build on our insights and enhance our overall scoring methodology.
we also work closely with other stakeholders as needed to enhance the efficacy of our engagement efforts.
for example, we participate actively in aigcc's initiatives, including the asian utilities engagement programme, engagement and policy working group, physical risks and resilience working group and paris aligned investment working group, stepping up our collaborations to drive climate action.
in 2022, we engaged 19 per cent of our portfolio companies in our esg-focused funds.
in addition, in singapore, we work with the institutional shareholder services iss proxy exchange on proxy voting, taking into consideration internationally-recognised, sustainability-related standards in support of esg resolutions.
uob sustainability report 2022 35 sustainable banking while we have authorised iss to vote on our behalf, we retain full discretion over all voting decisions and reserve the right to vote contrary to the recommendations of iss.
governance uobam's sustainability governance structure provides oversight and accountability on the implementation of our enrm framework, sustainable investment framework, environmental policy and active ownership policy, all of which are reviewed annually.
uobam board of directors reviews long-term business and organisational goals provides strategic direction of sustainability practices and investments group ceo regional sustainability group reports to group ceo and board on sustainable investing matters coordinates the regional implementation of sustainable investment mandates and initiatives comprises sustainability chairs and champions from regional offices local sustainability group monitors and reports progress of sustainability mandates and initiatives sustainability offices integrates esg investment methodology implements sustainability initiatives in 2022, we completed the build-up of our dedicated esg network across all investment offices in singapore, indonesia, malaysia, taiwan, thailand and vietnam.
our strong network of esg analysts provide us the capacity to further our sustainability capabilities and drive innovative sustainability solutions locally that are suitable to each market.
uobam's sustainable investment and active ownership approach uob venture management uobvm - supporting portfolio companies in creating positive impact uobvm is uob's wholly-owned subsidiary focused on providing private equity investments to privately-held companies mainly in southeast asia and greater china.
uobvm is firmly committed to responsible investment practices in relation to our fund management activities, having integrated esg considerations into our investment approach since 2004. a signatory to the un-supported pri and the operating principles for impact management, uobvm carefully assesses esg risks pre-investment to help our portfolio companies identify potential issues and mitigating action plans, which are then tracked post-investment in line with our esg policy.
we take a proactive approach to encouraging our portfolio companies to improve their consideration of esg risks and factors, providing necessary advisory and support to help them realise this objective.
we also focus on capacity building, honing our internal expertise and working closely with our investors and stakeholders to enhance collective capabilities.
our esg policy is reviewed periodically and approved by uobvm's esg committee under the oversight of the board of uobvm.
in 2022, uobvm established the enrm framework in compliance with the mas guidelines on environmental risk management for asset managers . this framework covers the governance, policies and control processes to manage material environmental risks in relation to uobvm's private equity activities.
we conduct annual esg training for our investment professionals to ensure that they are kept updated on our framework, policy and processes, as well as the latest industry developments and best practices.
as at 31 december 2022, uobvm's aum in esg-focused and social impact funds, including the asean china investment funds acif and the asia impact investment funds aiif , amounted to more than $1.4 billion.
sustainable banking asean china investment funds acif now in the fifth series, the acif invest in promising private companies across asean and china to unlock their growth potential, focusing on the themes of industry 4.0, happiness, well-being, technology and green technology/supply chain.
supporting healthcare self-reliance an acif portfolio company, pt etana biotechnologies indonesia etana develops and provides high-quality, affordable and innovative biopharmaceutical products to treat a range of metabolic, autoimmune and other major life-threatening diseases, including cancer.
etana works proactively with major hospital groups, doctors' associations and indonesia's national pharmaceutical licensing agency and social health programme to ensure that people from all walks of life have access to life-saving and life-enhancing drugs that were previously unavailable or difficult to access across the archipelago.
in 2022, indonesian president joko widodo officiated the opening of etana's high-end biopharmaceutical factory.
the factory will produce essential biological drugs and vaccines to meet domestic needs and support the indonesian government's goal of healthcare self-reliance.
for example, as the first pharmaceutical company in asean to have mrna technology, etana will manufacture the first locally-produced covid-19 mrna vaccine in indonesia.
the company has also successfully licensed for sale in indonesia a monoclonal antibody drug for cancer treatment, made available at affordable prices.
sustainable banking asia impact investment funds aiif focusing on double bottom-line returns, the aiif support companies that generate positive social outcomes and financial returns by improving the well-being and livelihoods of the ‘base of pyramid’ bop communities referring to people living on united states dollar3,000 or less a year . some of the key impact sectors that the aiif focus on include access to finance, education, agriculture and healthcare.
as at 31 december 2022, around 25 million low-income individuals¹ benefitted from the positive impact generated by the aiif’s portfolio companies since our investments.
driving positive social impact through education invested by both the acif and aiif, ruangguru pte ltd ruangguru is a leading technology-enabled education provider in indonesia that aims to provide improved access to quality and affordable education for students and working professionals across indonesia.
the company’s digital learning platforms also provides affordable education to students in thailand and vietnam.
as at the end of 2022: more than 20 million students from low-income families benefitted from ruangguru’s online learning content; and more than 32 per cent of working professionals saw an increase in income, while more than 23 per cent were promoted or secured a better job, after completing ruangguru’s skill development and work preparation programmes.
the ruangguru academy scholarship programme is targeted at students who dropped out of school due to financial or other issues.
the customised tutoring programme assists these students to obtain the high school-equivalent paket c diploma, continue with tertiary education and/or acquire new skills to enter the workforce.
"ruangguru holds an important role in my study and my journey to enrol in public university.
ruangguru is a bridge that allowed me to reach my dream, which is to get accepted in the faculty of law.
thank you ruangguru for accompanying me as i continue to strive and move forward." mr sandi kurniawan growing up, sandi did not know how to read and write.
after moving to jakarta, he joined a community learning centre to catch up on his education.
his grit won him the ruangguru academy scholarship and exclusive online tutoring for the public university entrance test.
sandi has since successfully enrolled in the semarang state university’s law faculty.
1 figures have not been pro-rated for the portion of uobvm’s contribution and are based on data reported by the portfolio companies.
sustainable banking enabling the largest vocational training platform for farmers an aiif portfolio company, shenzhen tiantian xuenong network technology co., ltd ttxn provides quality, affordable agricultural training for farmers across china through its e-learning platform.
there are more than 80 commercial crops covered across 50,000 courses, ranging from micro, short five-minute videos to extensive programmes that award professional certificates and qualifications.
through these courses, the company provides farmers with access to practical skills in areas including crop cultivation, pest control and fertilization.
with enhanced cultivation and farming skills, farmers can improve their production and, in turn, their livelihoods and incomes.
. 2022 highlights co-leading industry efforts in managing environmental risk: in support of the transition to a low-carbon economy, uob co-led industry efforts on the development of the abs erq in 2022. it is the first industry standard that sets a consistent baseline for banks in singapore to engage corporate clients on environmental risk issues and to collect relevant data.
the erq has been integrated into the group-wide esg risk assessment process to further drive engagement with corporate clients in line with the net-zero commitment and targets.
enhancing our responsible financing sector policies our sector policies set out the bank's mandatory esg requirements and recommendations for our clients.
in 2022, the bank further enhanced its sector-specific positions in the following three sectors: oil and gas o&g : commitment to no new project financing for upstream o&g projects approved for development after 2022. thermal coal: commitment to exit financing for the thermal coal sector by 2039. animal protein: will not provide financing to companies involved in: fishing with the use of explosives or cyanide; and conducting illegal, unreported and unregulated iuu fishing or using vessels known to have conducted iuu fishing.
our targets build a sustainable finance portfolio of $30 billion by 2025. $25.0 billion achieved as at the end of 2022. ensure all relevant colleagues are trained in responsible financing, sustainable finance and climate change risks and opportunities by 2023 to support our customers in the transition to net zero.
majority of colleagues in relevant roles across the group completed capacity-building programmes on sustainable finance and climate change risk assessment in 2022. broaden our physical risk assessment in 2023 as part of continued efforts to strengthen our approach on climate scenario analysis and stress testing.
sustainable banking supporting clients in their net zero transition companies in carbon-intensive, fossil fuel-based and hard-to-abate sectors face many challenges in their decarbonisation journeys.
as such, in 2022, we launched the uob transition finance framework tff to help companies - project owners, contractors, suppliers, buyers and users - in these sectors access financing for their energy transition plans in the following areas: 1. operational efficiency energy efficiency and emissions reduction measures via: waste heat recovery co-generation systems flare gas recovery vapour recovery systems 2. business pivot switch from fossil fuels to low carbon fuels, e.grams., biofuels, liquefied natural gas lng , hydrogen and ammonia switch from fossil fuel-based energy production to renewable energy production 3. climate change mitigation carbon capture and storage ccs or carbon capture, utilisation and storage ccus provision of ccs/ccus services to third parties 4. voluntary carbon credits support the purchase, sale or trading of carbon credits or carbon neutral products to offset companies’ residual emissions support generation and trading of voluntary carbon credits the uob tff is our fifth sustainable finance umbrella framework.
like our other frameworks, it was developed with support from the monetary authority of singapore's mas green and sustainability-linked loans grant scheme.
iss, an internationally-recognised second-party opinion provider, reviewed and ensured that the tff is aligned with globally-accepted market principles, including international capital market association's climate transition finance handbook.
uob sustainability report 2022 40 sustainable banking notable sustainable financing deals dual tranche hong kong dollar8 billion two-year and cnh3 billion three-year social bond offering by hong kong mortgage corporation, the world's first social bond issuance denominated in both hong kong dollars and offshore chinese yuan acted as joint lead manager and joint bookrunner series of green bonds in us dollars, singapore dollars and offshore chinese yuan issued by agricultural bank of china, bank of china and industrial and commercial bank of china acted as joint lead manager and joint bookrunner united states dollar100 million five-year digital sustainability-linked bond by singtel, singapore's largest foreign currency digital bond acted as lead manager united states dollar150 million sustainability-linked loan to formosa ha tinh, uob's largest sustainable financing deal in taiwan to date green and sustainable trade finance to kimly construction through doxa connex, an online procurement-to-pay platform helping companies make positive impact through green and sustainable deposits in 2022, we piloted our green and sustainable deposits solution with gic.
the solution is designed to help our corporate and institutional clients channel their funds to projects and activities with positive impact.
deposits will be deployed to loans that support green real estate, renewable energy, energy efficiency, smart city infrastructure and the circular economy under uob's sustainable finance frameworks.
clients with significant deposits will receive an impact report that highlights the use and impact of their funds, which will in turn enable them to quantify their contributions to sustainable development.
providing direction for smes through the uob sustainability compass for many small- and medium-sized enterprises smes , implementing sustainability in their business can be a big challenge.
to help smes kickstart their sustainability journey, we launched the uob sustainability compass, through which companies only need to complete a short questionnaire to receive a customized, step-by-step guide on how to set up sustainable business models and practices.
they will also receive information on regulations, standards and certifications that affect their sectors, as well as sustainable financing solutions to take their business to the next stage of growth.
"as one of the largest transportation providers in singapore, we are aware of the urgent need to address carbon emission levels and evolve our business strategies to achieve sustainability goals.
...through the uob sustainability compass, we have generated our company's sustainability report in under five minutes, with comprehensive insights on our esg journey." ms voo choon ling deputy managing director, woodlands transport sustainable banking offering more sustainable fund solutions across the region uobam continued to promote sustainable investing with the launch of esg-focused unit trusts in various markets in 2022. these included: eafe plus fund malaysia : a retail concentrated growth fund with esg considerations that are firmly built into the broader process of fundamental analysis with the aim to maximise long-term returns.
united sustainable thematic select fund thailand : a retail fund, launched in collaboration with bnp paribas, which invests in multi-asset global sustainable equity and sustainable bond funds.
united global sustainable infrastructure equity thailand : a retail fund focusing on equity securities of companies related to infrastructure businesses around the world and with guidelines for sustainable business practices by diversifying investments into various regions.
united vietnam esg equity fund vietnam : first esg open-ended fund in vietnam specialising in listed companies with good esg profiles.
the fund focuses on stocks that adopt the esg standards, make strong commitments and focus on driving sustainable development.
as at the end of 2022, uobam's total aum in esg-focused funds were $8.2 billion.
training and building internal capacity strengthening our internal capacity on esg risk management remains a key focus.
all colleagues in relevant roles are trained on our group responsible financing policy and processes via mandatory training and annual capacity building programmes.
in 2022, we conducted a series of group-wide responsible financing training workshops focusing on climate risk management and uob's own esg risk management processes and requirements.
the workshops formed an important training component to support the implementation of the abs erq and received strong participation from approximately 1,800 colleagues in relevant roles across the region.
the board and management, including the group sustainability committee gsc , also received training on areas such as climate change and net zero to stay updated on key developments.
during the year, uobam's sustainability academy also launched the essentials of climate investing course offered by robeco and training on net zero and climate change risks and opportunities, with the aim to deepen understanding of how investments play a role in climate action.
engaging stakeholders to drive collective action we continue to engage with our stakeholders, including customers, colleagues, regulators, investors, community and non-governmental organisations, to keep abreast of evolving expectations and industry developments.
this enables us to ensure deeper integration of sustainability considerations into our strategy and programmes.
during the year, we continued our active involvement in the mas green finance industry taskforce gfit and supported the development of a series of sustainable finance e-learning courses by abs and the asia sustainable finance initiative asfi academy.
we also remained active in knowledge exchange through various sustainability and related events, such as the un climate change conference cop 27 , point zero forum, singapore fintech festival and asia risk congress.
we also held a forum titled 'innovating for a sustainable tomorrow', bringing together business leaders and key decision makers to discuss the impact of global and regional trends on decarbonisation within the real economy.
in addition, uobam participated in various events, collaborating with organisations such as the singapore exchange academy, gresb, tiger brokers, malaysia's joint committee on climate change, universiti brunei darussalam, invesnow, thaipublica, soochow university and uob kay hian on seminars to share insights into sustainable investing.
uob sustainability report 2022 42 tcfd reporting climate change is one of the most complex and defining issues of our time and there is a critical need for the world to reach net zero by 2050 in alignment with the paris agreement and the 1.5°c trajectory outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc . as a leading financial institution in the region, we are committed to strengthening our portfolio resilience and to being a positive force in the fight against climate change.
governance board's oversight of climate change-related issues climate change is a priority for our senior leaders.
as part of uob's sustainability governance structure, our board provides oversight of climate change-related issues through the executive committee exco , with support from our management and relevant business units.
the board receives twice-yearly updates on climate-related topics.
these include, but are not limited to, regulatory developments, internal policies, direct environmental impact through our operations, indirect impact through our financing and investment activities, our initiatives to support our customers on their sustainability journey, as well as sustainability reporting disclosures.
other board committees may also receive reports related to climate change-related risks and opportunities that come under their respective charters.
the board and relevant board committees consider climate change-related risks and opportunities in the context of our guiding principles and sustainability strategy pillars.
climate change-related issues are integrated into the following sustainability governance mechanisms: strategy review; guidance on major plans of action; review and guidance on risk management policies; monitoring of implementation and performance of objectives; oversight of progress against goals and targets for addressing climate change-related issues; and review and approval of climate change-related disclosures in our annual reporting.
management's role in addressing climate change-related issues amid the growing call for companies to demonstrate their prudent management of climate risk as well as demonstrate their commitment to net zero emissions by 2050, uob announced our net zero commitment in october 2022 with endorsement from our board.
as part of this process, the board reviewed and approved the principles for sector prioritisation, including emissions materiality, abatement horizon and portfolio materiality for each of the six sectors, namely power, automotive, o&g, real estate, construction and steel.
the management executive committee mec supports the exco on climate change-related matters and provides strategic direction for our sustainability practices.
the mec is responsible for: guiding the development of esg-related policies, including those related to climate change; managing and monitoring climate change-related risks and opportunities; and overseeing the progress, performance and reporting on climate change-related issues.
the gsc, which comprises senior management from business and support units across the bank, identifies climate-related risks and opportunities and assesses emerging issues.
the wide representation ensures that climate change-related issues – whether identified by ourselves, investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders – are integrated into our decision-making, and addressed at the highest levels.
in 2022, the gsc provided the exco updates on our sustainability strategy in the following areas: emerging climate change issues; uob's direct environmental impact; enhancements to the group responsible financing policy; and our roadmap on implementing the tcfd recommendations to support our customers and other stakeholders in sustainable development.
sustainable banking implementing action to address climate change-related issues the tcfd working group, which was established in 2019 under the gsc, is a cross-functional working group responsible for reporting and driving the implementation of disclosures in line with tcfd recommendations.
together with the gsc, the working group ensures that uob maintains a robust and integrated platform for governing, implementing and monitoring climate change-related targets and strategies.
the working group comprises senior representatives who have specific responsibilities in the implementation of our overall sustainability strategy to address climate change-related issues.
these representatives are from: group risk management; group corporate sustainability office; group strategy and transformation; group wholesale banking; group retail; group finance and corporate services; and uob's key overseas subsidiaries.
we are also guided by our group sustainability framework, which is implemented through relevant policies and guidelines, including our group responsible financing policy that governs our review and approval of customer transactions in environmentally- and/or socially-sensitive sectors.
our financing teams work with customers to address climate change-related challenges and opportunities, and when necessary, also work in collaboration with non-governmental organisations, certification bodies and other mutual stakeholders.
internally managing direct environmental impact internally, to manage our direct environmental impact, our corporate real estate and services unit has a specialised energy and sustainability team that works to mitigate our environmental footprint and to realise our green building targets.
our sustainable procurement working group oversees our indirect impact by ensuring that material suppliers act in compliance with our group supplier sustainability principles.
in addition, we have dedicated environment specialists that work full-time on our initiatives in the relevant business units, ensuring ownership of the bank's sustainability goals across our organisation.
find out more: sustainability governance direct environmental impact sustainable procurement strategy climate risks, both transition and physical, can manifest through various risk drivers and materialize at different time horizons.
as one of the regions most at risk to climate change globally, asean is vulnerable to the growing intensity and magnitude of extreme physical weather events.
while chronic physical risk is expected to materialize in the long term, acute physical risk is event-driven and may manifest in the shorter term, evidenced by the physical risk events witnessed in the past few years such as the severe floods in malaysia and thailand.
the economic, environmental and social impacts resulting from climate change threaten to undo decades of developmental progress.
as climate mitigation and adaptation measures scale up, these may also result in unintended consequences.
notably, while phasing out fossil fuels is a critical step to curb temperature rise, it may threaten energy security if implemented too abruptly.
key climate-related risks and potential impact identified over various time horizons classification: transition risk , risk drivers: policy and legal, examples of potential impacts: policy or regulatory changes to mitigate climate change impacts and to encourage a shift towards renewable energy sources e.grams., implementation of carbon pricing, tighter energy efficiency standards, and more stringent regulation of products and services . exposure to environmental litigations amid increased stakeholder expectations., expected time horizon: short / medium term classification: transition risk , examples of potential impacts: policy changes such as the phase-out of internal combustion engine vehicles and single-use plastics, or the extended producer responsibility that could lead to structural business disruption and loss of competitiveness of our clients.
growing adoption of carbon pricing in the region may increase operating costs, particularly for heavy emitters, potentially leading to credit deterioration of our clients.
development of regional and national green taxonomies may restrict heavy emitters' access to funding., expected time horizon: short / medium term classification: technology , risk drivers: technological improvements or innovations, examples of potential impacts: technological advances have improved the viability and cost competitiveness of green technologies, such as electric vehicles and solar/wind energy, which could disrupt demand for fossil fuel-based businesses and trigger early write-offs.
investment in technology, research and development expenditure to reduce emissions or improve energy efficiency could stress the balance sheets of affected clients., expected time horizon: short / medium / long term table end.
sustainable banking table: potential impacts of sustainability risks classification: transition risk, risk drivers: market, examples of potential impacts: increased volatility and uncertainty in market trends and signals caused by changing customer behaviours, increased cost of raw materials, etc., expected time horizon: short / medium term examples of potential impacts: shift in consumer preferences towards more sustainable products and services could lead to demand destruction for higher-carbon businesses and increased costs to adapt to market trends, expected time horizon: short / medium term examples of potential impacts: sourcing restrictions for carbon-intensive raw materials and surge in demand for critical minerals needed for ev batteries could lead to increased volatility and costs, expected time horizon: short / medium term risk drivers: reputation, examples of potential impacts: increased expectations and scrutiny from consumers, regulators, communities and other stakeholders on climate and emissions reduction, expected time horizon: short / medium / long term examples of potential impacts: reduced demand for products/services, availability of funding to stigmatised sectors and our counterparties, as well as the ability to attract/retain talent, expected time horizon: short / medium / long term examples of potential impacts: banks may face heightened scrutiny and reputational impact from financing/investing in unsustainable businesses, insufficient progress in meeting emissions reduction commitment and greenwashing, expected time horizon: short / medium / long term examples of potential impacts: litigations associated with greenwashing or misrepresentation of green/sustainability credentials, expected time horizon: short / medium / long term classification: physical risk, risk drivers: acute, examples of potential impacts: increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events, such as heat waves, typhoons, floods and bushfires, expected time horizon: short / medium / long term examples of potential impacts: more frequent and severe climate events, such as floods and droughts, in asean could disrupt operations and damage physical assets, resulting in lower revenues, increased recovery/insurance costs and asset value impairment, expected time horizon: short / medium / long term examples of potential impacts: increased frequency and severity of heat waves could have wide-ranging economic effects including damage to infrastructure, crop failure and lower labour productivity, expected time horizon: short / medium / long term risk drivers: chronic, examples of potential impacts: long-term shift in climate patterns, such as temperature rise, sea level rise and sustained lower average precipitation, expected time horizon: long term examples of potential impacts: shifts in climate, such as rainfall patterns, rising temperatures and sea levels could result in reduced crop outputs, affecting food production and security, as well as deterioration in living and working conditions, expected time horizon: long term examples of potential impacts: decrease in asset values in vulnerable regions, such as coastal areas in asean that are susceptible to flooding, expected time horizon: long term table end.
note on materialisation timeline: short term: <3 years; medium term: 3-10 years; long term: 10 years sustainable banking to better assess our portfolio resilience under various plausible outcomes, we continued to strengthen our capability in climate scenario analysis, building on our efforts over the past few years.
we partnered an internationally-recognised consultancy to holistically assess the impact of both transition and physical risks on borrowers' financial performance, taking into consideration the differentiated responses and drivers for different sectors see appendix – climate scenario analysis methodology . our assessment covered the following long-term scenarios referencing the 2021 network for greening the financial system ngfs phase ii scenarios: ngfs reference: net zero 2050 scenario , orderly transition: stringent climate policies and innovation that limit the impact of physical risks and allow for gradual economic adjustment, disorderly transition: concerted climate policy actions will commence only in 2031 causing an abrupt structural shift in the global economy.
physical risk will be slightly elevated but remain limited overall, no additional policies: due to business as usual, the materialisation of acute and chronic physical risks will result in permanent impact on both labour and capital productivity, and consequently on economic output ngfs reference: transition risks , orderly transition: moderate, disorderly transition: moderate to high, no additional policies: limited ngfs reference: nature of transition , orderly transition: early and orderly, disorderly transition: delayed and disorderly, no additional policies: only policies in place as at the end of 2021 ngfs reference: physical risks , orderly transition: limited, disorderly transition: limited, no additional policies: high table end.
the scenarios were applied on our corporate, sovereign, banks, retail mortgage and auto portfolios, which accounted for more than 90 per cent of uob's total exposures.
in particular, the assessment for our corporate portfolio focused on six sectors most relevant to climate risk, namely fossil fuels, utilities, heavy industries, building and construction, transportation and agriculture².
top borrowers in each of these sectors were subject to bottom-up analyses using granular data such as production outputs, business mix and detailed asset locations.
using our credit rating models, the financial impact under each scenario on the borrowers' credit rating was simulated.
overall, average change in projected credit risk profile of our assessed portfolios over time was not significant across all the three scenarios.
stress impact was mainly contributed by some sectors in the corporate portfolio, notably o&g and agriculture, triggered by the transition pathways under the ‘orderly transition’ and ‘delayed transition’ scenarios.
2 sectors identified in "a climate stress-test of the financial system", by battiston et al, 27 march 2017. these were also adapted by the mas in the 2022 industry-wide stress test exercise.
scenario analysis results for corporate portfolio by sector projected impact of climate change on credit risk profiles of corporate sectors table: uob's corporate exposure as at december 2022 sector: building and construction, percentage: 41% sector: other sectors, percentage: 36% sector: heavy industry, percentage: 7% sector: fossil fuels o&g , percentage: 6% sector: transportation, percentage: 7% sector: utilities power generation , percentage: 2% sector: agriculture, percentage: 1% table end.
relative impact projected 2050 probability of default as a multiplier of 2021 level in recognition of the common industry challenges associated with climate risk assessment such as data availability, we will continue to work with regulators, industry associations, consultants and climate specialists to progress collectively to a more robust approach as methodologies and tools evolve and mature.
as a responsible lender, we are cognisant of the key role we play to help channel the resources needed and to support our clients in seizing climate-related opportunities on their decarbonisation journey.
in october 2022, we published our net zero commitment, detailing key opportunities for us to support our customers in building a sustainable asean through a just and equitable transition to a low carbon future.
identified climate-related opportunities across sectors ecosystem: energy , focus sector: power, opportunities: working with power generation companies and equipment manufacturers to adopt decarbonisation targets and increase financing for new renewable energy projects.
focus sector: automotive, opportunities: working with equipment manufacturers, dealers, and financial leasing companies to support ev supply chains and increase financing for ev-focused businesses and activities.
focus sector: o&g, opportunities: working with companies in hard-to-abate sectors to finance renewable energy, low emissions fuel alternatives, emissions reduction technologies, efficiency improvements in refining and other processes.
ecosystem: built environment , focus sector: real estate, opportunities: working with property developers, operators, investment companies and real estate investment trusts reits to encourage the adoption of energy efficiency standards for buildings and to finance more energy-efficient buildings and installation of renewable energy and energy efficiency retrofits.
focus sector: construction, opportunities: working with companies engaged in construction and demolition to encourage the deployment of low-carbon construction processes, to improve their emissions intensity profile and to finance installation of on-site renewable energy.
focus sector: steel, opportunities: supporting crude steel and fabricated metal producers and traders to encourage the shift towards electric arc furnace production methods, to research and develop new technologies and to improve plant efficiencies.
find out more sustainable banking risk management climate risks are complex and transverse in nature, and may potentially translate into known financial risk types for banks including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk.
we have assessed the various climate risk transmission channels using either a qualitative or quantitative approach, and considered potential credit risk impact to be the most material.
climate risk is identified, assessed, managed and monitored through our group enrm framework, which is approved by the board risk management committee.
in 2022, no material climate-related financial losses were incurred, either through our corporate lending activities or damage to the bank's assets and associated business disruptions.
minor physical damages were adequately insured.
climate risk assessment table: climate risk assessment risk category: secondary risk risk category: credit risk category: market risk category: liquidity risk category: operational risk category: transition risk risk category: credit risk category: market risk category: liquidity risk category: operational risk category: physical risk risk category: credit risk category: market risk category: liquidity risk category: operational table end.
we manage credit risk associated with climate and esg risk through our group responsible financing policy, which covers risk identification, assessment, mitigation and monitoring.
sectors with inherently higher esg risk are subject to enhanced due diligence with sector-specific requirements.
based on our climate scenario analysis, the impact of transition and physical risk was not expected to be material in the short term, but may manifest more prominently in the longer term.
banks may be exposed to market risk arising from the increase in volatility in investments and potential declines in valuations, due to impacts from severe physical climate events and shifts in investor preferences, particularly in carbon-intensive sectors.
however, the short-dated nature of such exposures suggest that the impact is likely to be contained.
our trading desks conduct stress testing daily using scenarios depicting various climate events.
these scenarios have a horizon of 10 days as trading activities are reactive to short-term market movements and portfolio exposures are rebased frequently.
liquidity risk stems from the inability to raise funds to meet the bank's obligations due to various factors including those relating to climate change.
acute physical risk events may cause widespread physical damage and lead to a surge in client's deposit withdrawals to finance damage repair and demand for emergency loans.
in addition, decarbonisation of the economy over time may lead to difficulty in liquidating liquid assets issued by carbon-intensive corporates held by the bank.
however, this portfolio forms a limited part of our overall liquid assets.
uob manages both short-term and long-term liquidity implications of climate risk through stress testing.
extreme weather events may also result in operational risk through disruptions to business continuity, due to adverse impact on the bank's infrastructure, systems, processes and employees.
the risk is particularly relevant to uob given our footprint in asean, a region commonly associated with elevated physical risk.
to mitigate this, our key critical facilities are equipped with high resiliency and critical systems are built with high availability.
sustainable banking uob's business continuity plans set out the recovery strategies, action plans and resources needed following a crisis to recover critical business processes within an expected timeframe and to a planned acceptable level that minimizes significant impact to the bank, as well as to restore our operations to normalcy.
we have in place a business continuity management and crisis management framework, and recovery efforts are overseen by a business continuity management task force that reports directly to the group recovery plan's crisis management team headed by our group ceo.
banks have generally made more progress in integrating environmental risk, including climate risk, into credit and reputational risk management processes and less so in other risk areas 3 . as such, we will continue to strengthen our understanding of the manifestations of climate risk in non-credit risk types and will direct our efforts towards strengthening our risk management approach.
this includes progressing towards quantitative assessments of potential climate risk impacts over longer time horizons.
we expect that as climate risk becomes increasingly mainstream, methodology, data quality and availability will continue to improve, leading to more accurate and insightful assessment outcomes in the future.
we are committed to continuing our engagement with regulators, industry associations and climate specialists, as well as actively participating in and supporting various initiatives such as the asfi, the mas project greenprint and the mas gfit to improve our capabilities in climate risk management.
further, as our business and operations span multiple jurisdictions, we will closely monitor international developments such as the un climate change conference, the basel committee on banking supervision's bcbs initiative on climate risk management, as well as new initiatives by the ngfs and local regulators.
this will enable us to stay ahead of potential new regulatory requirements and to keep abreast of best industry risk management practices.
management of wider environmental and nature risks scientific research suggests that climate change and nature loss are intertwined and cannot be addressed independently.
climate change events such as rise in temperature and changes in precipitation patterns have a range of impacts on nature 4 . the importance of nature and its health is increasingly recognized, particularly as half of the global economic activity is assessed to be moderately or highly dependent on natural capital or the world's stock of natural assets.
for example, the building and construction sector, one of the major emitters globally, depends heavily on nature to provide materials for building such as sand, iron ore for steel, and limestone for cement.
therefore, there is increased urgency to address nature loss alongside efforts to support the global transition to net zero.
in 2022, uob, together with several financial institutions in singapore, participated in a pilot study organised by global canopy on the implementation of the taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures tnfd beta framework within the palm oil sector.
insights into the current practices, barriers and challenges experienced during the pilot contributed to further refinement of the framework.
footnotes: 3 source: information paper on environmental risk management banks , mas, may 2022, and climate-related financial risks - measurement methodologies, bcbs, april 2021. 4 source: integrating climate and nature: the rationale for financial institutions, university of cambridge institute for sustainability leadership, 2022. sustainable banking: metrics and targets in 2022, we established our financed emissions baseline, setting science-based targets and commitments for six focus sectors.
our approach is in line with the guidance from the glasgow financial alliance for net zero gfanz and we have applied standards by the partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf to account for the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our financed portfolio.
energy power: reduce emissions intensity by 61% by 2030 and 98% by 2050. automotive: reduce emissions intensity by 58% by 2030 and net zero by 2050. oil and gas: no new project financing for upstream oil and gas projects approved for development after 2022. built environment real estate: reduce emissions intensity by 36% by 2030 and 97% by 2050. construction: reduce emissions intensity by 31% by 2030 and 85% by 2050. steel: reduce emissions intensity by 20% by 2030 and 92% by 2050. emissions metric and value chain inclusion in determining our clients' emissions, three key design decisions were made: 1. emissions metric with our goal to achieve net zero and to support sustainable growth, our primary objective is to support more economic output for lower emissions.
our targets are to reduce emissions intensity, or reduced emissions per unit of sector output.
where possible, we used physical-based emissions intensity metrics e.grams., emissions per metric ton of crude steel produced for the steel sector, and per square metre of floor space for the real estate sector to reflect the direct relationship between emissions-generating activity and resulting emissions.
where data on physical activities were unavailable e.grams., construction sector , we used a revenue-based emissions intensity metric.
for fossil fuels, we set policy restrictions rather than targets, recognizing that the path to net zero for these sectors involves a managed phase-down, not just emissions reduction.
limiting new supply is also critical to maintain price incentives for switching to alternatives.
2. value chain inclusion within each selected sector, we focus on value chain parts generating the most emissions and where we have the most material influence on emissions levels.
decisions are made on a sector-by-sector basis, considering practicality.
in some instances, we focused on areas with the best available data; in others, we focused only on certain value chain parts to maintain comparability within the sector and with available reference scenarios.
sustainable banking 3. emissions scope we have focused on the most material scopes of emissions for each sector and the emissions within the control of the clients for which we are setting targets, while ensuring that the scope included in our baseline is the same as defined by the science-based reference scenarios.
after we have calculated the emissions data for each client, we aggregated the data to form an overall sector-level emissions baseline based on the weight of the exposure in our portfolio: emissions intensity = $\sum i \frac exposure i total \ sector \ portfolio \ exposure \times emissions \ intensity i$ where i is a borrower or investee company in each sector.
when creating the weighted averages, we aggregate the emissions data at an overall sectoral level and include the following products in the calculation of exposure: business lending; specialised lending, including project finance; investment securities; and debt capital markets underwriting.
selecting reference scenarios to understand the required levels of emissions intensity reductions, we have relied on science-based models that chart out the most credible pathways to net zero by 2050 across sectors and countries.
these are from integrated assessment models, including international energy agency net zero emissions by 2050 scenario iea nze , ngfs - remind and ngfs - global change assessment model gcam , or specialised industry research bodies such as carbon risk real estate monitor crrem for the real estate sector and mission possible partnership mpp for the steel sector.
we have considered the appropriate and best available pathway on a sector-by-sector basis and in view of the following: ensuring scientific credibility and alignment with 1.5°c warming by 2050; ensuring an appropriate level of regional granularity for our portfolio.
as we operate across southeast asia, we need to ensure that we select pathways that are realistic and fair for the emerging economies in which we operate as well as the developed countries we serve.
where possible, we have derived a region-specific net zero pathway that extract the scientific projections for our markets; ensuring the right level of sector granularity, especially in highly heterogeneous sectors such as real estate, for which we have adopted an industry-specific pathway; and adopting pathways that assume continued economic growth and which do not overly rely on reduced growth or unrealistic assumptions around carbon removal to achieve net zero by 2050. we recognise that the science of sector-based prescriptions towards net zero is an emerging and uncertain field.
of the scenarios we consider, the steel reference scenario from mpp was published in late 2021, while the iea nze scenario was published in mid-2021.
as actual circumstances and government policies shift, or when technologies come to the fore or fail to deliver the impact expected, new reference pathways will likely be needed.
our approach will need to evolve with the science.
to ensure comparability, we will continue to report against the targets until there is a pressing need for new reference pathways.
this will likely happen several times between now and 2050. find out more sustainable banking recognition and awards maintained our leading position among asean banks on the worldwide fund for nature's sustainable banking assessment 2022 best bond adviser in asean at the asset triple a country awards for sustainable finance 2022 best wealth manager for impact investing, asia and singapore at the asset triple a private capital awards 2022 esg program of the year - silver at asian banking & finance retail banking awards 2022 environmental products house of the year - uobam at the energy risk asia awards 2022 best institutional house and best investor education in brunei at asia asset management best of the best country awards 2022 membership signatory to the net-zero banking alliance member of the gfanz signatory to ep member of the mas gfit's risk management workstream and green and sustainable trade finance solutions working group supporter of the tcfd collaborated in the asfi signatory of un pri – uobam, uobvm and uob global capital supporter of the singapore stewardship principles for responsible investors – uobam and uobvm participant of wwf respond - uobam member of the investment management association of singapore - uobam member of the aigcc - uobam member of the greennode technical advisory group, an esg bond database initiated by the singapore exchange and temasek - uobam member of the ceres' valuing water finance initiative - uobam member of bank negara malaysia's joint committee on climate change - uobam member of bank negara malaysia's climate change principle-based taxonomy implementation group - uobam secretary-general and member of the association of investment management companies thailand 's esg committee - uobam member of the brunei capital market associations - uobam signatory of the operating principles for impact management - uobvm contribution to the un sdgs uob sustainability report 2022 54 keep customers at the centre . page 56: fair dealing page 59: data privacy and governance page 62: customer experience page 66: financial inclusion fair dealing at uob, we put our customers first and it is on this foundation that we have developed our business and will continue to grow.
what is not right for our customers is not right for us.
fair dealing is at the heart of every decision and recommendation that we make at uob.
this is achieved through conscious and concerted efforts across our entire franchise.
our approach the principles of fair dealing reflect uob's time-tested values of honour, enterprise, unity and commitment, and are not bound by business or geography.
in particular, our value of honour underpins our commitment to delivering the five fair dealing outcomes as set out in the monetary authority of singapore's mas guidelines on fair dealing.
from the boardroom to our branches, we put our customers and their financial goals first by: offering products and services that are suitable for them; ensuring our employees give quality advice and appropriate recommendations; providing clear, relevant and timely information so that customers can make informed financial decisions; and dealing with feedback in an independent, effective and prompt manner.
we embed these principles in the way we design our investment products and services, our marketing and sales strategies and approaches, through to our after-sales care.
by consistently putting these principles into practice, we provide suitable financial services and solutions to customers and ensure long-term business sustainability.
fair dealing is the responsibility of everyone at uob, regardless of our individual roles.
this duty is embodied in the uob code of conduct.
we have in place frameworks, policies and guidelines to ensure that we always aim for and achieve the fair dealing outcomes.
the group policy for financial advisory services and sale of investment products is an overarching policy that dictates the minimum standards on our provision of financial advisory services and the sale of investment products, including but not limited to: competency of sales representatives; due diligence for product suitability; fair and transparent disclosures to customers on areas such as key product and investment risks, as well as relevant fees, charges and penalties; and guidelines for product information and advertisements to ensure clarity, relevance and fairness.
reviewed and approved by the operational risk management committee on an annual basis, the policy ensures that we have a consistent practice for dealing with our customers fairly.
the fair dealing guidelines committee fdgc , comprising senior management appointed by our chief executive officer, is responsible for ensuring fair dealing outcomes for our customers.
the board and management provide oversight through the board risk management committee and the risk and capital committee respectively.
fair dealing under the fdgc's leadership and guidance, the bank has been, over the years, proactively driving the implementation of various new and/or improved controls and process refinement initiatives aimed at improving the standards of achieving fair dealing outcomes.
these include: mandatory training on mas fair dealing for all employees; regular 'tone from the top' communications to reinforce the importance of embracing fair dealing principles in all that we do; the uob customer commitments awards programme to recognise colleagues who uphold and fulfil our customer commitments; the art of service recovery programme, which aims to equip employees with the skillsets to address customers' concerns effectively, to deliver service recovery and in turn, increase customer satisfaction; and the mas fairness, ethics, accountability and transparency feat and fair dealing outcome five workshop, which brings together cross-functional teams from across the group to discuss key insights into customer concerns and to proactively identify service gaps and improvement areas.
uob is committed to complying with all laws and regulations, including those pertaining to environmental, social and economic impact, product and service information and labelling, as well as marketing communications which includes advertising, promotion and sponsorship.
in 2022, there was no material fine, penalty or sanction imposed on the bank for non-compliance in relation to any of the above areas.
practising fair dealing at group wholesale banking and global markets group wholesale banking and global markets gm are responsible for developing and providing customised financial products and treasury solutions across asset classes to help customers meet their investment, liability and risk management needs.
in ensuring fair dealing, dealers and sales representatives adhere to the foreign exchange fx global code, which sets out global principles of good fx practices that promote the integrity and effective functioning of the wholesale fx market.
gm dealers and sales representatives are also guided by the singapore guide to conduct and market practices for the wholesale financial markets, also commonly referred to as “the blue book”, which aims to foster high conduct standards and practices to ensure fair and equitable relationships among market participants.
in addition to the mas fair dealing training, regular training sessions on product due diligence and client suitability assessments are held for sales representatives.
designed for non-accredited investors, the client suitability assessment process enables sales representatives to identify and understand the customer's profile and investment objectives, before providing recommendations on any financial and investment products.
this is to help customers make informed investment decisions.
fair dealing our targets maintain 100 per cent completion of mandatory training on mas fair dealing by employees.
this was achieved in 2022. 2022 highlights avoiding dark patterns in our digital banking services as more of our customers increasingly use digital banking channels, we recognize the importance of treating our customers fairly and avoiding the use of dark patterns.
dark user experience patterns are interfaces that subtly trick users, either deliberately or accidentally, into doing things they do not mean to do.
in 2022, the tmrw digital group conducted awareness training on what dark patterns are and how to identify and prevent them.
the team updated the uob tmrw design principles to avoid dark patterns in customer communications and in the naming of products and features.
in addition, we monitor customer complaints and feedback to identify instances where customers think they may be subject to dark patterns.
this enables us to continuously enhance our solutions and features.
we maintain our customers' trust in us by ensuring that our products and services are clear and fair, and are designed with our customers' interests at heart.
sharing financial tips through the media to promote financial literacy among the public, we frequently share financial tips through channels such as mainstream media and social media.
in 2022, uob hosted a 'rethink your wealth' series in the sunday times in singapore to address consumers' questions about managing their finances.
the fortnightly series featured topics such as: financial awareness and literacy for the young; importance of investing early for greater financial stability; addressing one's financial fears as a part of good money management; common financial planning mistakes; personalisation of investment portfolios to suit risk appetites and financial goals; and wealth protection in an inflationary and rising interest rate environment.
promoting financial literacy in china in conjunction with world consumer rights day on 15 march 2022, the customer experience and advocacy team hosted a series of activities in china aimed at helping the public deepen their financial knowledge.
for example, we organized a community outreach session for an elderly community in shanghai, distributing educational materials and explaining in person how they can evaluate the credibility of a fundraising activity or an investment company.
our colleagues also helped the elderly learn how to identify potential risks and scams simply by scanning a qr code by uob china to watch anti-scam videos and to obtain anti-scam advisory.
more than 200 senior residents received the materials and scanned our qr code to obtain more information.
contribution to the un sdgs image of un sdg 8 logo image of un sdg 16 logo data privacy and governance protecting personal data and privacy is integral to how we conduct business at uob.
as digital economies expand beyond borders and innovative uses of data develop, it becomes increasingly important to recognize and respect the privacy and rights of our customers.
we safeguard the confidentiality and security of our customers' information by implementing robust privacy measures, meeting industry best practices and complying with relevant laws and regulations.
through these efforts, we ensure that data privacy is embedded in the services we provide and in every aspect of our operations.
our approach data protection is interwoven into various uob policies and guidelines, which apply group-wide and are approved by senior management committees.
they include the uob code of conduct, reviewed annually by the bank's human resources committee, as well as the following policies reviewed annually by the operational risk management committee ormc : the group information technology security management and cyber resiliency policy; the group operational risk management policy; and the enterprise data governance policy.
in singapore, we also have in place the personal data protection policy, which sets out the structure for compliance with the singapore personal data protection act 2012. this policy is reviewed annually by the ormc.
further, the guidelines on responding to personal data breaches and the standard operating measures for data leakage crisis/non-crisis management provide the bank with a roadmap for handling data breaches.
similar policies and guidelines are implemented in our subsidiaries in relevance to local regulations and compliance requirements.
our policies and processes reflect our respect of our customers' interests and preferences.
we are committed to honouring their privacy rights, including providing: channels for feedback such as email, online contact forms and phone hotline; access to and correction of personal data, as well as issue resolution.
we also have processes in place to ensure timely resolution of grievances.
uob's privacy notices, privacy and security practices and the contact details of the bank's data protection officer are publicly available online on the uob privacy and security webpage.
through regular mandatory training, we ensure that our people understand the importance of upholding data privacy and are kept abreast of the bank's policies and processes.
uob's personal data protection policy principles personal data must only be collected and used for purposes the customer has consented to, or as may be permitted by law; personal data is used responsibly in accordance with our ethical standards and corporate values; access and disclosure are subject to strict controls; integrity and security of personal data are paramount; and personal data that is no longer required for legal or business purposes must be anonymized or destroyed, in accordance with document retention policies.
find out more data privacy and governance data protection at all levels line data protection officers at functional and business levels in singapore and locally-appointed officers at overseas locations report to the franchise data protection officers in singapore, who in turn report to the ormc.
these officers ensure compliance with local regulations and group requirements, as well as assist in the investigation of alleged breaches as and when required.
group operational risk management, as well as the data protection office under group legal, review any incidents and consider whether the incidents need to be reported and/or affected persons notified.
breach reporting and data leakage protocols are clear, and are designed to ensure timely breach management and mitigation of harm to data subjects.
post-incident action plans are pursued to closure to address any weaknesses in process that resulted in the incidents.
data ethics and quality uob's enterprise data governance and quality team from the data management office dmo governs the data life cycle from creation and consumption to eventual deletion.
this function brings together subject-matter experts from across uob to focus on the continual improvement of data health, powered by innovations in processes and technology.
our multi-disciplinary data ethics taskforce formulates and guides the integration of the monetary authority of singapore's mas fairness, ethics, accountability and transparency feat principles in the design and validation of the bank's key artificial intelligence ai and analytical models.
uob's data management committee provides oversight on data quality and data governance and privacy initiatives.
this committee comprises senior representatives from dmo, group technology and operations, group compliance, group risk management, group human resources, group finance and corporate services, as well as the business segments and functions.
our targets complete the operationalisation of the mas feat principles across the group by 2023. maintain zero material issues in relation to data confidentiality and privacy.
this was achieved in 2022. 2022 highlights uob is a founding member of the mas veritas consortium, which was set up to strengthen internal governance around the financial industry's application of ai and the management and use of data.
following the release of the mas feat principles, uob collaborated with the mas and its partners to develop the methodology to assess fairness in veritas phase 1 through a use case on credit risk scoring.
the methodology was extended to cover all feat principles in veritas phase 2 and uob was one of the financial institutions that developed the ethics and accountability assessment methodology, applying it to customer marketing and insurance fraud detection.
uob is also a lead member in mas' initiative to develop the open-source toolkit to facilitate the adoption of the veritas fairness methodology.
in 2022, we incorporated the veritas phase 2 methodology and the fairness open-source toolkit into our data ethics governance processes.
we also showcased the integration of these processes in veritas phase 3. to ensure continued robustness and relevance to the developing global regulatory landscape, emerging data privacy laws and internal business sensitivities, we also: enhanced the external data sharing guidelines, in alignment with the association of banks in singapore's abs data sharing handbook to govern and facilitate the process for the bank's data sharing with ecosystem partners; enhanced the cross-border data management guidelines, which governs and facilitates the process for the bank's internal cross-border data management in accordance with banking regulations, privacy laws, country regulations and business confidentiality; data privacy and governance tightened the breach reporting process to ensure that appropriate attention is given to data leakage incidents, especially in circumstances where there may be significant impact on the bank or our customers; included the enforcement of data governance controls under the key risk and control self-assessment programme; incorporated data protection by design into our system development methodology process; implemented a centralised online portal for personal data breach reporting, assessment and monitoring; improved our processes for the maintenance of the bank's personal data inventory.
in 2022, we organised briefings for our people to raise their awareness of data privacy and protection laws, as well as escalation protocols for data breaches.
we also conducted training sessions and workshops that were tailored to business and support units’ specific job functions and activities.
during the year, there were no legal proceedings taken against uob in respect of any data privacy breach, nor any fine or other sanction imposed on the bank by the singapore personal data protection commission pdpc . we made all notifications to the pdpc on time.
recognition and awards asia-pacific economic cooperation apec cross border privacy rules certification, with uob as the first bank in singapore to be awarded.
we are also the only bank to be awarded both the data protection trustmark and the apec cross border rules certifications by the infocomm media development authority of singapore.
memberships founding member of the mas veritas consortium chair of the abs standing committee on data management chair of the asean bankers’ association interoperable data taskforce and led a taskforce in creating the asean banking interoperable data framework, which aims to facilitate cross-border data flow among asean’s banks in a safe and secure manner contribution to the un sdgs customer experience uob is committed to doing what is right for our customers, who are at the core of our business.
through our omni-channel approach, we seek to meet their diverse needs, using technologies such as artificial intelligence ai and data analytics, to gain better insights into their preferences and to provide highly personalized solutions.
by actively engaging our customers, we can create positive experiences, foster deeper trust with them and remain relevant and competitive.
our approach at uob, we offer our customers choices in how they bank with us, whether it is at our branches or through our self-banking, internet or mobile banking channels.
to make banking seamless, simpler, smarter and safer for them, we invest continually in our technology capabilities such as ai and data analytics.
we also employ an array of methods to understand better our customers' needs and preferences, and how they use our products and services.
ensuring customer satisfaction our group customer experience and advocacy function monitors key performance indicators and metrics relating to customer experience at both the strategic and operational levels.
regular updates are presented to the group chief executive officer ceo , country ceos, senior management as well as relevant committees such as the fair dealing guidelines committee, the operational risk management committee and the board risk management committee.
these updates relate to customers' net promoter scores nps for group retail, group wholesale banking and global markets, contact centre and our branches, as well as customer complaint indicators and end-to-end service measures.
we actively listen to customers across the life cycles of our products and services.
through our voice of customer programmes and activities, we manage customer insights and testing to improve customer satisfaction and loyalty.
we have cross-functional teams in place to develop, refine and implement improvement initiatives using the consolidated customer insights drawn from internal and external sources.
uob's art of service recovery programme equips our colleagues with the skills to resolve customer complaints and to turn challenging situations into positive outcomes.
we conduct a review and root-cause analysis for every customer feedback that we receive.
with the help of the relevant business and/or support unit, we address the concerns of each customer and identify areas for improvement.
our continuous improvement is also guided by the nps and customer satisfaction score, which are tracked throughout the year.
through industry surveys such as the customer satisfaction index of singapore csisg and findings from our external consultants, we are able to obtain an independent gauge of the level of satisfaction among our customers as well as their changing needs.
we use information and insights from these sources to enhance the customer experience and to develop products and services that enable us to serve our customers better.
in 2022, we: achieved mean customer experience cx scores of 8.3 for group wholesale banking and global markets, and 8.2 for group retail; improved our nps from 38.0 per cent to 45.9 per cent for group retail; and improved our csisg score to 75.1 from 74.7 in the previous year, with uob ranked first among peer banks.
customer experience our targets maintain 75 per cent digitally-enabled individual customers with a monthly active rate of more than 35 per cent.
maintain mean cx scores for group retail, group wholesale banking and global markets of above 7.0, based on a zero to 10-point scale.
continue to resolve at least 90 per cent of general customer complaints within five days across the group.
2022 highlights incorporating wellness into our branch experience we launched wellness@uob in 2022 to imbue the banking experience with a focus on holistic wellness for our customers.
in singapore, we launched six wellness concept branches, at which our customers can enjoy access to wellness activities, from health screenings to yoga classes.
we also have branch colleagues who are wellness advocates, trained to provide basic wellness guidance to our customers.
during the year, more than 10,000 customers visited our wellness booths, and we interacted with more than 1,000 attendees at our monthly wellness events.
beyond singapore, we also held wellness activities such as health screenings, financial wellness talks and yoga classes at our branches in indonesia, malaysia, thailand and vietnam.
achievements in 2022: we achieved 75 per cent digitally-enabled individual customers with a monthly active rate of 38 per cent in 2022. we achieved mean scores of 8.3 for group wholesale banking and global markets, and 8.2 for group retail.
this was achieved across all our seven key markets in 2022, with 91 per cent of complaints in singapore resolved within the established standards.
customer experience enhancing our branch services through our new feedback platform in 2022, we launched a digital platform at our branches in singapore to gather customer feedback in real time.
customers can scan a qr code at the counter to provide immediate feedback on their branch experience.
the platform creates dynamic questionnaires, with questions contextualised and customised to customers’ preceding responses.
it enables us to obtain more insightful and actionable feedback on each customer experience, and in turn to address any potential areas of concern more effectively.
we also tap such customer insights to design the experience journey for new branch models.
we plan to roll out this initiative progressively at our branches in other countries.
delivering personalised solutions and insights through uob tmrw uob tmrw is our all-in-one digital banking app built around our customers’ needs to enable them to bank, to pay and to play.
in 2022, we rolled out a suite of enhanced features and services, such as dynamic login screens, easier navigation and customisable visual themes in singapore.
in indonesia, we launched auto-save, an ai-driven, automated and self-adjustable savings feature on the tmrw digital banking app.
the first of its kind in asean, auto-save leverages machine learning models to analyse and predict customers’ transactions and spending patterns, so as to identify and sweep surplus cash automatically into their saving accounts.
with this feature, customers can earn higher interest while ensuring sufficient balances in their current accounts for any required transactions.
auto-save is powered by the advanced ai and data analytics solutions of our long-term partner, personetics, whom we also work with on delivering personalised insights to our customers on our digital banking app.
in 2022, we served more than 113 million personalised insights across the region, 55 per cent more than 2021. personalising banking for every customer, uob annual report 2022 driving digital connectivity for businesses across the region in 2022, we made a significant push to support our corporate clients through digital solutions, such as uob infinity and the new uob sme app.
uob infinity uob infinity is our online banking platform for companies, on which they can manage their banking needs, transact and track payments in real time, all on a single platform.
to date, uob infinity has been rolled out in 10 markets.
in singapore and hong kong, we also rolled out financial supply chain management fscm capabilities so that our corporate clients can connect digitally with their suppliers, buyers and distributors to exchange and to validate trade documents, and in turn obtain financing quickly and smoothly.
this feature will be launched progressively in other countries.
“fscm on uob infinity has empowered us to undertake a series of transactions seamlessly.
it has also digitalised our financial management processes, enabling faster input and exchange of information.
the automated processing of our invoices and requests has led to faster turnaround time.
we look to achieve further digitalisation in the future.” ms michelle fang finance director, cr construction company uob sme app we launched the uob sme app in singapore, malaysia and vietnam in 2022 to help small- and medium-sized enterprises smes transact on the go securely.
through the app, smes can access solutions including financing, as well as business management tools that help them achieve greater efficiency in areas such as human resources, payroll, logistics and digital marketing.
customer experience smes will also be able to view their cash flow data on an interactive dashboard, set personalised foreign currency watchlists with instant alerts, and obtain customised insights and information on relevant industry events.
the uob sme app can also be accessed on desktop.
"being in the retail industry means that my business is more susceptible to movement restrictions and border closures, as we have seen in the pandemic in the last two years.
i am always on the go, managing multiple shop outlets.
with the uob sme app, i can view my cash flow on an interactive dashboard that shows the last six months of my business' performance.
having my cash flow position readily available provides me with greater control, and therefore confidence, in making decisions for my business." mr kelvyn chee ceo and founder, decks find out more connecting businesses to new frontiers in asean and beyond, uob annual report 2022 financial inclusion recognition and awards ranked third in asean excluding singapore and second in singapore on coalition greenwich's greenwich share leader 2022 league table for asian large corporate trade finance; also recognised as a greenwich quality leader in indonesia best customer experience among banking and insurance brands on forrester's 2022 singapore customer experience index cx index™ best hybrid customer experience - branch at the digital banker's digital cx awards 2022 best digital bank in southeast asia, singapore and thailand at the digital banker's global retail banking innovation awards 2022 most innovative digital bank in indonesia, singapore and thailand at the international finance awards 2022 memberships founding member of sgtradex, a data exchange that facilitates the digitalisation of supply chains contribution to the un sdgs icons depicting sdg 9, 16, and 17 financial inclusion even as education standards and income levels continue to rise with growing affluence, many individuals and businesses, particularly in southeast asia, still lack access to affordable financial products and services.
uob is committed to empowering the underbanked and underserved through digital innovation and customer education.
the rapid advances in technology and prevalent use of mobile banking have also driven the need for digital financial inclusion so that various segments of the community can progress together.
our approach uob is committed to making our banking products and services accessible and affordable to consumers and businesses across segments.
we do this through our close to 500 branches and offices, owned and shared network of more than 1.1 million self-service banking machines including automated teller machines atms , as well as digital banking channels.
we seek to be holistic in our approach to financial inclusion, taking into consideration the unique socioeconomic factors in each of our markets.
across uob, our colleagues are equipped with the skills and knowledge to serve the needs of a diverse customer base, including those who may be physically or visually impaired.
in singapore, we continue to innovate and optimise our services while actively engaging senior citizens to help them learn about and use digital banking solutions.
in malaysia, we offer islamic banking solutions to help meet the local demand for shariah-compliant financial services.
we also support businesses across all stages of growth.
to help small- and medium-sized enterprises smes access bank financing, we harness technology to assess their creditworthiness and to process loans more quickly and accurately.
in addition, through uob venture management's uobvm private equity financing, we facilitate better access to finance for micro-entrepreneurs.
advocating digital financial inclusion as the digitalisation of financial services continues, it is important that no one is excluded in their day-to-day lives from the benefits and opportunities provided by technology.
however, the fast pace of technological advancement has resulted in some groups of people being left behind.
we actively engage our customers and the wider community, especially senior citizens, to help them become digitally ready and understand how digital banking products and services can make their lives more convenient.
1. equipping employees with digital skills we have enrolled more than 1,000 branch colleagues in the career conversion programme, which we launched in 2017 in collaboration with workforce singapore and the institute of banking and finance singapore.
about 90 per cent of branch colleagues in singapore have completed the programme and deepened their digital skillsets.
2. educating customers on the use of digital services digital advocates at our branches in singapore are on-site to guide less digitally-savvy customers on how to use the uob tmrw app for their daily banking activities.
we help educate our customers on the latest scam tactics and share tips on how they can protect themselves.
3. offering resources for digital readiness efforts we work with the infocomm media development authority and other partners to promote digital awareness and adoption in singapore.
financial inclusion supporting smes in accessing bank financing and in digitalisation access to bank financing can be a challenge for many smes and uob has in place various solutions to address this funding gap.
we also support smes on their growth journey through digital transformation and sustainability innovation programmes offered by the finlab, our innovation accelerator.
uob business loan offered in singapore, the uob business loan is available to locally-incorporated companies with less than three years in operation or with low sales turnover.
it offers a short tenor cash advance loan or a longer tenor working capital loan, and the entire application process is digital and straight-through to offer companies ease and convenience when seeking funding.
uob bizmerchant uob bizmerchant is a small-ticket financing solution for online businesses operating on e-commerce platforms, such as lazada, sendo, shopee and qoo10, and which may not be able to access bank financing due to a lack of financial records for credit assessment.
our credit underwriting engine applies analytics to gain insights into the business' transactions and credit behaviour.
in addition to the digital application process, we offer a pre-qualified programme to reduce the turnaround time for loan approvals.
as at the end of 2022, close to 1,000 smes in indonesia, singapore, thailand and vietnam benefitted from uob bizmerchant, with our total loans amounting to $15 million.
uob bizsmart uob bizsmart is a suite of integrated business solutions that enables smes to automate their key operating processes, from accounting and inventory management to online sales and marketing.
by linking their uob bizsmart account to their uob bank account, smes can reconcile their financial transactions and obtain insights into their projected cash positions, top customers, suppliers and account receivables and payables on the uob sme app.
as at the end of 2022, more than 28,000 smes in indonesia, malaysia, singapore and thailand benefitted from uob bizsmart since its launch in 2016. sustainability innovation programme sip launched in 2021, the finlab's sip aims to promote greater awareness and adoption of sustainable business practices, especially in energy efficiency and decarbonisation, among smes.
more than 400 smes participated in the 2022 programme and learnt more about how they could tap technology and leverage uob's ecosystem solutions, u-solar, u-energy, and u-drive, for more sustainable business practices.
the greentech accelerator gta launched in 2022 by the finlab, the gta focuses on supporting high-growth greentech solution providers by connecting them to smes and corporates to solve problem statements in the areas of energy efficiency, zero-waste supply chain, carbon management and reporting.
more than 150 applications from more than 40 countries were received for the three-month programme, with 12 greentech firms qualifying for total funding of up to $150,000 for commercialisation of their solutions.
offering shariah-compliant financing - an alternative to conventional banking at its core, the purpose of islamic banking is to generate equitable, fair returns, with activities guided by the virtues of shariah that promote ethical, communal and socially-responsible values.
it is a viable alternative to conventional banking in many parts of the world.
since the launch of the islamic banking window in malaysia in 2016, we have been offering islamic banking products and services, including: banking solutions and subsidised digital business solutions to small businesses; green and sustainable banking solutions to medium and large companies; trade and foreign currency solutions for companies' cross-border transactions; bancatakaful solutions with fire or property protection coverage for both individuals and businesses; and worksite marketing solutions for companies and their employees, covering complimentary takaful coverage for account holders, and special rates for fixed deposits and home financing packages.
uob sustainability report 2022 67 financial inclusion we also support bank negara malaysia's vision for value-based intermediation, which promotes good banking practices and encourages sustainable consumer behaviours.
in 2022, we opened about 600 accounts for university students, providing them access to financial management tools, free takaful protection cover from rm1500 to rm10,000, and other free banking services.
we also engaged about 2,000 participants in financial literacy initiatives to share knowledge on financial management and how to combat financial scams.
uob venture management uobvm - supporting access to finance via portfolio companies uobvm's asia impact investment funds alif seek to contribute to poverty alleviation and to improve the livelihoods of those at the 'base of pyramid bop ' living on united states dollar3,000 or less a year.
one of the alif's key target areas is access to finance, focusing on high-growth companies in southeast asia that promote financial inclusion for marginalized groups, such as smallholder farmers and women micro-entrepreneurs.
through the efforts of alif's portfolio companies, more than 1.63 million low-income individuals have gained better access to finance to build or invest in agricultural activities or small businesses.
how microfinance supports women-led entrepreneurship amartha, an alif portfolio company, was founded in 2010 as an impact-driven microfinance marketplace providing access to capital for the underserved or unbanked women micro-entrepreneurs in indonesia's rural communities.
as at the end of 2022, amartha supported more than 1.47 million women in their businesses across 51,000 villages in the country.
beyond lending, amartha also offers services such as amartha plus, an online platform that empowers communities with group buying and connects them with e-commerce platforms for better prices.
in addition, amartha has developed an inclusive finance framework to improve financial literacy and financial planning skills of its borrowers, with the aim to provide financial products such as savings accounts, micro-insurance and micro-leasing over time to help them in financial management.
siti's cloth-weaving business in klaten, central java siti's passion is to design woven fabrics, having learnt the skill of weaving from her late mother.
motivated to improve her family's income, she was determined to open a cloth-weaving business.
siti was introduced to amartha by her children and received funding to kickstart her business.
assisted by five women from her neighbourhood, siti can produce up to 400 pieces of woven cloth every month.
she accepts orders for muslim uniforms, written batik and woven jackets.
other than fabrics, siti also designs her own looms.
siti has the same mission as amartha, which is to help more women in her neighbourhood uplift their livelihoods.
every week, she teaches weaving to the women in her area, with a number of them even opening their own weaving businesses and ordering looms made by siti.
"i don'tonnes want to work for myself; i want my neighbours and children to feel the impact i've made." ms siti find out more uob venture management - supporting portfolio companies in creating positive impact financial inclusion our targets maintain 100 per cent completion of the 'cultivating a diverse & service inclusive workplace' and 'managing a diverse service environment' courses by branch colleagues in singapore.
this was achieved in 2022. 2022 highlights bringing the mobile branch to our customers in thailand launched in 2022, our mobile branch in thailand was set up to increase customer accessibility to our banking services beyond our brick-and-mortar bank branches in the country.
moving across different community, residential and workplace locations every few months, the mobile branch supports outreach to new individual customers.
after customers open an account with uob, they can access our digital banking services conveniently.
making investing simpler and smarter for retail investors in 2022, uob asset management uobam launched the simpleinvest solution in malaysia with the aim to reduce the barrier of entry for retail investors and to provide them with an opportunity to start investing from as low as rm1,000 into uobam's trademark funds.
in singapore, we also enhanced the uobam invest mobile app, which now enables retail investors to invest in up to 10 personalized portfolios depending on their financial goals, risk appetite and investment horizon.
these portfolios are dynamically generated and it only takes as little as $1 for investors to start investing using the app.
investors can also benefit from uobam's investment expertise and risk-based approach that are trusted by institutional investors.
recognition and awards highly acclaimed, best atm innovation at the digital banker's global retail banking innovation awards 2022 best robo advisory initiative winner at the digital banker's global retail banking innovation awards 2022 there are no tables or charts in this image to extract.
develop professionals of principle talent development and inclusion page 71 workplace safety, health and well-being page 79 uob sustainability report 2022, page 70 talent development and inclusion our people are our greatest asset and we are dedicated to empowering our colleagues to make a positive difference.
we do this by building an inclusive organisation that encourages the best from our colleagues, and by developing them through professional development programmes.
this way, we also ensure that we attract and retain talent with the right skillsets and values.
our approach our people are key to uob's performance and success.
to help them stay relevant, competitive and fulfilled, we are committed to an environment where our people feel recognised and valued.
guided by the uob way, our culture fosters the principles of care, growth and trust for our people.
every employee has a responsibility to uphold the uob code of conduct, through which we impress upon all colleagues the importance of maintaining the highest professional and ethical standards in their interactions with customers, colleagues and members of the communities in which we operate.
the code of conduct is available in local languages for our colleagues in our key markets.
uob is an equal opportunity employer and our approach to diversity and inclusion is an important element in our strategy to attract, to develop and to retain talent for the group.
diversity provides our organisation with the ability to draw upon different experiences and perspectives, and fosters innovative thinking to solve business challenges for sustainable growth.
under our recruitment policy, we practice non-discriminatory hiring, with all hiring decisions based on each individual's merit and suitability for the role in accordance with business needs, job requirements and qualifications.
respect of human rights is central to a safe and harmonious working environment in which all our colleagues are encouraged to develop their skills and rewarded on the basis of individual and team performance.
we sharpen our people's skillsets and mindsets through a wide range of technical and personal development programmes, and offer internal career opportunities and access to coaching as essential components of our approach to creating a dynamic and engaged workforce.
our human resources policy sets out the principles for managing various aspects of human resource management, such as: strategy and planning; hiring; performance management; talent management; learning and development; and career development.
the policy is reviewed annually and approved by the human resources committee.
find out more talent development and inclusion our code of conduct and upholding human rights uob is committed to building a safe, nurturing and inclusive workplace where all colleagues are treated respectfully, professionally, and are given equal opportunity based on merit.
we promote work-life harmony and an environment free from discrimination, bullying, and harassment.
we also take guidance from internationally-accepted human rights principles and standards such as the universal declaration of human rights, united nations guiding principles on business and human rights, and the international labour organization declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work, including those relating to non-discrimination, child labour, forced labour, freedom of association, and collective bargaining.
our expectations of our people are laid out in our values-based uob code of conduct , which prohibits any kind of discrimination, bullying, or harassment, whether based on a person's race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, colour, creed, religion, national origin, nationality, citizenship, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, culture, ancestry, veteran status, socio-economic status, or any other legally-protected characteristic.
upon joining uob, all new colleagues are informed of, and sign up to, their obligations and rights under the code.
all colleagues are also required to refresh their knowledge and to renew their commitment to our code each year.
we help deepen their understanding and embed the practice of our code through frequent and interactive communications across the organization.
the uob code of conduct is reviewed annually and updated to stay relevant with the times and to address regulatory requirements and policy changes.
it is approved by the human resources committee.
freedom of association we respect our colleagues' lawful right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.
our approach is to maintain mutually-trusted and respectful relations with employee unions.
we hold regular meetings with union representatives to understand and address their concerns and expectations.
in singapore, we engage three unions: the banking and financial services union, the singapore bank employees' union, and the singapore manual & mercantile workers' union.
we engage four unions in malaysia national union of bank employees, sarawak bank employees' union, sabah bank employees' union, and association of bank officers peninsular malaysia and one in indonesia serikat pekerja united overseas bank . the collective bargaining agreements we have with the unions cover wages and working conditions such as working hours of training per employee, retirement age and re-employment, shift work, allowances, transport reimbursement, leave benefits, medical benefits, insurance benefits, and grievance procedures.
colleagues who can be represented by unions include: all employees in indonesia; officer ii or below in malaysia; and senior officer or below in singapore.
as at the end of 2022, the proportions of bargainable employees unionised in singapore, malaysia, and indonesia were 9.5 per cent, 88.2 per cent, and 22.2 per cent respectively.
championing diversity and inclusion at uob, diversity spans gender, culture, ethnicity, nationality, experience and skillsets.
creating and maintaining a supportive work environment in which every individual can succeed in their career is a critical part of our strategy in serving the needs of our diverse customer base.
across the group, there are 49 nationalities represented by our colleagues.
promoting gender diversity across the group category: total workforce, women: 61.3%, men: 38.7% category: new hires, women: 57.6%, men: 42.4% category: senior management, women: 37.2%, men: 62.8% table end.
excludes employees from citigroup in malaysia and thailand we foster a family-friendly culture through supporting our employees who are parents.
our care measures may differ in certain markets based on local requirements include: leave maternity leave of up to 16 weeks; shared parental leave of up to four weeks, in addition to paternity leave of up to 10 days; infant care no-pay leave of up to six days; facilities dedicated nursing rooms, which are fully equipped, including security access for greater privacy; apparel branch apparel that caters to colleagues with specific needs, for instance those who are pregnant or are required to don customary modest clothing.
talent development and inclusion we value people who can contribute their skills and experience, as part of our inclusive people strategy.
our gig employment model in singapore, gig+u, enables retirees and women who have left the workforce to take on flexible work that suits their needs and work-life priorities.
employees hired under gig+u receive equal pay and enjoy the same benefits such as leave entitlements and medical insurance coverage as their peers with similar roles in the bank, subject to their employment status.
since 2013, we have been championing disability inclusion through the uob scan hub in singapore — our centre for digitising documents from various functions.
at uob scan hub, 35 per cent of our colleagues are persons with disabilities and we create meaningful employment and career opportunities based on their abilities.
we continue to partner autism resource centre arc and spd in singapore in a structured training programme for persons with disabilities to ensure that work processes and office environments are suited for their needs.
we were once again recognised by bloomberg in its 2023 gender-equality index gei as one of singapore’s best inclusive workplaces.
the bloomberg gei recognises companies worldwide that demonstrate commitment to advancing an inclusive workplace through their policies, workforce representation and transparency in gender-related practices.
uob was one of only six companies in singapore to be represented in the 2023 bloomberg gei.
managing employee performance uob is committed to fostering a meritocratic and high-performance workplace culture.
our integrated performance management framework, peak plan, engage, appraise, keep track , reinforces our uob values of honour, enterprise, unity and commitment.
a diagram showing the peak framework with four quadrants: plan, engage, appraise, and keep track.
the peak framework is designed to support career development by assessing and rewarding performance in an objective and fair manner.
using the peak framework, colleagues consult their managers to establish their business and personal development goals at the start of the year.
managers then hold peak performance discussions with their team members throughout the year to review their progress against agreed key performance indicators kpis and to address their challenges.
in 2022, all eligible permanent employees¹ were assessed through performance appraisals against agreed kpis and job-related competencies.
1 eligible permanent employees exclude new hires with less than six months of service, employees on extended leave, and employees who have resigned, among others.
talent development and inclusion our peak process is supplemented by: the performance and development council pdc , where at the end of each year, senior management discuss employees' performance and development needs in a fair and transparent manner.
they focus on performance calibration, assessment of employee potential, promotion endorsements and development recommendations.
employees then receive feedback on areas for improvement to support their professional growth and career development; and 360° feedback, through which direct reports, peers and internal stakeholders provide anonymous feedback on the appraisee for important but hard-to-measure behaviours such as values, collaboration and employee development.
applying to first vice presidents and above, this exercise enables the pdc to gain a more holistic view of each employee they are assessing.
developing talent and leaders uob has several core learning and development programmes to help our people develop the technical and leadership skills they will need to have successful careers.
these include: the leadership acceleration programme, which provides high-potential high performers with leadership development and executive coaching, job rotations and strategic project assignments, senior management exposure and opportunities to accelerate their career within the organisation; the uob leadership academy, which delivers a blend of experiential and application-based learning for our high-performing talents in collaboration with leading global business schools such as columbia, massachusetts institute of technology and tuck.
in 2022, 335 colleagues successfully completed uob leadership academy courses; the leadership right by you programme, our flagship leadership and managerial skills programme covering courses for individual contributors, first line managers and managers of managers; the better u programme, an upskilling programme accredited by the institute of banking and finance singapore ibf that is designed to equip employees with knowledge and competencies to stay relevant and thrive in an ever-changing environment.
in 2022, we extended specialist learning tracks on project management, data analytics and artificial intelligence to all eligible colleagues across the group – a target that we had set to achieve in 2023; and the management associate programme, an 18-month programme that provides fresh graduates with opportunities to build their skills across the organisation through: job rotations, including regional rotation and exposure; training in areas including financial management, leadership, personal effectiveness, and risk management and controls; and a mentoring and buddy programme that helps in their understanding of uob and for career advisory.
we also support career mobility through our: career conversion programme, which is open to colleagues in group channels and digitalisation, group finance, wholesale operations readiness centre, digital human resources, human resource operations and talent and development.
to date, close to 1,500 colleagues participated in the programme; and pivot programme, which offers reskilling opportunities for colleagues to move to roles within the organisation that may be in greater demand or be of greater relevance.
the 12-month programme enables participants to undergo comprehensive reskilling through on-the-job and structured training to facilitate a successful transition to a new role.
in addition, we provide our people with access to more than 8,000 online courses through our collaboration with linkedin learning and other course providers.
in 2022, we invested a total of $25.9 million in training our people across the group.
talent development and inclusion measuring employee engagement as part of monitoring the sentiment of our colleagues towards uob, and by extension their belief, belonging and trust levels, we conduct annual engagement surveys.
in an overwhelmingly positive sign, we achieved our strongest engagement scores in 2022 since measurement began in 2017. average engagement levels increased four percentage points in 2022 compared with the previous year.
our targets achieve at least an average of six training days per employee across the group each year.
we achieved an average of 7.9 training days in 2022. achieve 50 per cent year-on-year increase in the number of singapore colleagues attending at least one better u programme or workshop in 2023. 2022 highlights in 2022, we launched the uob way, our commitment to nurturing an environment where our people feel recognised and valued.
it guides the policies and programmes that we create to ensure that they are focused on engagement and culture, learning and development, career planning and progression, flexible work arrangement, fair compensation and rewards, among other people-related matters.
why building the future of asean how people philosophy helping more people return to work through gig+u during the year, we expanded our gig+u programme to include women in addition to retirees.
as part of the expansion, we opened up 200 jobs in singapore that are suited to women who require more flexibility at work due to familial responsibilities.
these include full- and part-time jobs as well as gig work in uob's various business units.
we also collaborate with mums@work, an established career portal which pairs women looking for flexi-work with potential employers, to ensure that these new hires are well-supported when they restart their careers with uob.
"it takes an organisation like uob to invest, to trust and to provide a platform for women like me to catapult back into the workforce.
the support extended by the hiring teams, the flexibility in policy and the confidence building through training and coaching has helped me hit the ground running.
personally, as a mum returning to work, it has not only made me dream big but i also know that i can achieve my dream." ms felicia fernandes uob thomson road branch in addition to gig+u, we offered re-employment opportunities to 208 colleagues, including 146 women, in singapore who were eligible for retirement.
since the start of the programme in 2014, we have re-hired 1,436 colleagues, including 836 women.
talent development and inclusion creating a diverse and inclusive workplace in 2022, uob scan hub celebrated its 10th anniversary, with more than 100 senior leaders, community partners and uob scan hub employees gathering for this significant milestone, including the sustained employment of people with disabilities — from six in 2013 to 30 in 2022. promoting inclusive hiring among our clients uob's the unlimited programme connects businesses in singapore to inclusive hiring as a sustainable business solution.
the programme is supported by our partnership with sg enable and social service agencies, including arc, movement for the intellectually disabled minds and spd.
it informs our corporate clients about alternative sources of talent, and offers advice on minor job accommodations within office environments and business processes that are suited to the needs of persons with disabilities.
in 2022, we hosted an event for 35 companies across various sectors to share with them the benefits of inclusive hiring, and how they can get started on this journey through the unlimited programme.
two in three companies that attended the session indicated ‘yes’ to adopting inclusive hiring and uob has since scoped a total of 40 job vacancies with our clients.
since the launch of the unlimited programme in 2019, we engaged more than 200 companies in singapore, and are continuing to support our clients closely as they move towards inclusive hiring as a sustainable manpower solution for the long term.
in addition, we regularly share the business benefits of inclusive employment at partner forums to raise awareness among business leaders and members of the public.
such events included ‘the greater good for all milestones celebration of the movement for normalising diversity and inclusion ’ masterclass organised by human capital singapore and sg enable, with president halimah yacob as the guest of honour.
our commitment to disability-inclusive employment was recognised when we received the enabling mark platinum accreditation from sg enable — the only financial institution out of six organisations to receive the highest tier of accreditation.
find out more the unlimited talent development and inclusion deepening our people's capabilities and competencies in 2022, we launched the group technology and operations gto academy for our 5,000-strong technology and operations workforce to be upskilled and certified as part of their learning journey.
we also rolled out a 12-month technology development programme for 75 fresh graduates and young professionals in singapore to gain skills in areas such as cybersecurity, software and information technology infrastructure through practical on-the-job training with formal classroom studies.
conducted in partnership with the infocomm media development authority, this programme is open to all graduates with or without technology experience from universities, polytechnics and institutes of technical education.
upon completion of the programme, participants will receive industry-recognised certifications in areas such as devops, oracle certified java programmer and information technology infrastructure library.
during the year, we also embarked on a six-month pilot of a new learning experience platform that we aim to launch group-wide by early 2024. more than 3,000 employees are participating in the pilot to help improve the effectiveness of our digital learning capabilities.
promoting pride and sustainability in 2022, uob launched our sharpened corporate purpose, which helps to support the bank's three strategic focus areas for future growth: connectivity, personalisation and sustainability.
this included a brand refresh that saw branch uniforms replaced with a new extensive range of uob apparel, made from sustainable materials such as recycled polyester and manufactured by ethically-certified suppliers.
in support of a circular economy, we upcycled or recycled more than 10,000 retired uniforms from indonesia, malaysia, singapore and thailand into useful merchandise, such as tote bags and pouches, for charity sales.
in singapore, the apparel were repurposed into lifestyle items such as small pouches and laptop bags and sold internally to colleagues, with the proceeds donated to children in need at the arc children's centre.
in thailand, the apparel were turned into eco-friendly art installations, with surplus materials donated to the office of social development's bangkok metropolitan administrator vocational training schools to support sewing and fashion courses for the unemployed and those from a disadvantaged background.
, , . recognition and awards one of only six singapore firms included in the 2023 bloomberg gei enabling mark platinum accreditation from sg enable ibf inspire award by the ibf silver for both diversity and inclusion, and hr innovation at the hr excellence award 2022 by human resources online winner of hr asia best companies to work for in asia 2022 - singapore edition talent management and organization with best employee relations awards at the global hr excellence awards 2022 excellence in talent management at the retail banker international awards 2022 memberships member of ibf member of singapore national employers federation . contribution to the un sdgs.
notes : the image includes logos and icons related to the un sustainable development goals sdgs . there are also images showcasing the upcycled uniforms.
workplace safety, health and well-being as a responsible employer, we recognise that safe and healthy working conditions are a globally-recognised human right and are committed to providing a workplace environment where our colleagues can perform at their best.
taking care of our people's well-being also enables us to improve our overall productivity, drive our performance and retain our talent for sustainable growth.
our approach at uob, the safety and well-being of our colleagues, customers, contractors and tenants are central to our operations and dna.
we take guidance from the singapore workplace safety and health wsh act, and the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights and the international labour organization conventions in our approach to maintaining a safe and healthy working environment.
group corporate real estate services is responsible for safeguarding our workplace from physical and operational risk, and works with internal stakeholders through various policies and guidelines, including: the group physical security policy, which mandates the measures and actions that are to be taken to ensure a safe and secure environment that withstands a wide range of physical security threats; the group facilities management and safety policy, which sets out the required actions for: facility management for preventative, reactive and planned repairs and maintenance; pandemic and infectious diseases management; and adherence to our environment-related commitment and targets; and local guidelines and operational manuals in relation to workplace safety and health.
the group-wide policies are reviewed annually and approved by the operational risk management committee.
in addition, our group operational risk management policy requires business and support units to report workplace safety and health incidents in their respective markets, as well as investigations to identify the root causes of reported workplace safety and health incidents, and to develop corrective action plans to prevent future occurrences.
business and support units that identify workplace safety and health as a key operational risk must assess the effectiveness of controls to mitigate risks during the annual key risk and control self-assessment krcsa exercise.
the combination of incident reporting and krcsa facilitates the prompt identification and rectification of ineffective workplace safety and health controls.
the uob code of conduct also requires every employee to comply with all relevant health and safety laws and guidelines, and promptly report any condition at the workplace that may pose a health, safety or environmental hazard.
for example, our facilities management portal enables employees, workers, and tenants in singapore and thailand to report facility-related issues.
further, under our human resources policy, we are committed to providing our people with inclusive and flexible work arrangements so that they can better manage their work-life needs.
building conducive and high-performance workplaces we take practicable measures to reduce risks and to ensure the safety and health of our colleagues, customers, as well as contractors and all who work within uob-owned and managed buildings.
these measures include: communicating all relevant health and safety procedures that we have in place; reviewing our buildings' emergency response plans which stipulate the relevant actions to be taken to protect and evacuate building occupants under different emergency scenarios; there are no footnotes or additional notes in the provided image.
workplace safety, health and well-being conducting and reviewing risk assessments: conducting and reviewing appropriate contractors' risk assessments to identify and minimize any sources of risk.
setting workplace safety and health requirements: setting out workplace safety and health requirements for all vendors, suppliers, and contractors working at our premises and construction sites.
they must comply with all applicable laws and regulations, conduct appropriate risk assessments, and complete all required training for employees as required by local legislation.
by providing a high-performance environment focused on ergonomics and comfort, we create workplaces that enable collaboration, innovation, productivity, and personal well-being.
through our studies to understand user patterns and utilization rates, we continually gather feedback to frame our approach to creating optimal and agile working environments.
as at the end of 2022, we transformed 790,000 area in square feet of office space in hong kong, malaysia, singapore, and thailand into high-performance workplaces.
as more of our employees globally returned to the office in endemic covid-19 living, we continue to ensure cleanliness and high-quality air, water, and surfaces at our workplaces.
we treated all high-touch points in the common areas of our wholly-owned buildings, branches, and automated teller machines with a commercial-grade, self-disinfecting antimicrobial coating, which helped to provide long-term protection against viruses and minimizes the risk of transmission.
through our efforts, we achieved the sg clean certification for all our buildings and branches in singapore, a target that we set in 2021 for 2022. we are implementing the following workplace design principles progressively across our owned buildings, offices, and branches: flexible designs: flexible designs to improve space efficiency, to support diversified needs, and to create resilient workplaces that meet different working requirements.
ergonomic furniture: ergonomic furniture to enhance employees' physical comfort at work.
caring for the well-being of our people we demonstrate the care we have for our people through our total employee wellness approach: 1. physical wellness: we invest in the physical wellness of our colleagues by providing avenues for them to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
the support we provide includes comprehensive medical and lifestyle benefits for our employees and their dependents, as well as privileges through partnerships with leading healthcare and lifestyle providers.
2. mental wellness: we believe in creating a workplace environment where there is open dialogue and support to foster a positive state of mental health.
our frequent and regular mental wellness days provide our colleagues with various tools and skills to manage their own mental health.
3. financial wellness: we seek to equip our colleagues with financial management fundamentals and strategies through financial literacy talks and workshops.
4. intellectual wellness: we provide avenues for our colleagues to explore potential hobbies to stimulate their mind and self-enhancement activities to improve their personal lives.
as a progressive and caring employer with a long-term focus, we aim to offer a dynamic workplace with more balanced ways of working that enables our people to fulfill their personal responsibilities.
our flexible work arrangements include: hybrid working: hybrid working so that colleagues in eligible roles can have the flexibility to work from home or at a location other than the assigned workplace within the city of their work location.
more than half our colleagues across the group have benefitted from hybrid working, with average engagement levels increasing four percentage points in 2022 compared with the previous year.
flexi2: flexi2 for full-time employees to take two hours of training per employee paid time-off from work every month to attend to their personal matters.
workplace safety, health and well-being staggered work hours of training per employee for full-time employees to adjust their start- and end-of-day work times to suit their professional and personal commitments; and shortened working hours of training per employee on fridays for employees to start their weekends earlier.
we also offer part-time work to support employees with multiple responsibilities, such as mothers, part-time students, and those with eldercare commitments, to continue working with us.
“2022 was a challenging year for me.
after losing my mother the year before, i became the primary caregiver for my father who had undergone an operation.
on top of that, i was supporting my daughter for her exams.
i am fortunate for the support from my manager to work part-time for six months.
this arrangement enabled me to balance my work and family needs, and gave me the space needed to look after my physical and mental health while attaining job satisfaction.” ms tang shi min group technology and operations we also invest in the health and wellness of our people through our healthcare framework, healthy employees, active lifestyles heal . it comprises three key components: core coverage, which covers basic medical coverage and health screening; care, which offers reimbursements for various healthcare and wellness expenses; and supplementary coverage, which covers options for alternative treatment and additional assistance, including complimentary counselling helplines to help colleagues manage stress.
our targets achieve the singapore building and construction authority-health promotion board bca-hpb green mark for healthier workplaces gmhw certifications for all new and renovated commercial offices by 2025. we received three gmhw certifications in 2022. convert another 180,000 area in square feet of high-performance workplaces across uob key buildings in singapore by 2025. we transformed 790,000 area in square feet of office space in hong kong, malaysia, singapore and thailand into high-performance workplaces as at the end of 2022. workplace safety, health and well-being 2022 highlights during the year, we completed the installation of enhanced facial recognition readers with thermal scanners on the turnstiles in all of our wholly-owned and managed buildings in singapore, and headquarters in malaysia and thailand, meeting the target we set in 2021 for 2022. this enables contactless access for all our colleagues, tenants and registered visitors into our properties, while the biometric identity authentication-based access eliminates the risk of unauthorized use of other people's passes.
additional features such as facial recognition with mask-wearing can also be turned on in the event of local regulations or requirements.
continuing to provide care during covid-19 during the covid-19 lockdown in shanghai, china in 2022, many people were not allowed to leave their homes or neighbourhoods, while a number of our colleagues stayed at uob plaza for two months to ensure the continuity of the bank's operations in the city.
to support our colleagues and to ensure their mental wellness during these times, we engaged professional coaches and therapists from octave institute to conduct various wellness courses online, including sound healing, meditation, breathing exercises and flow yoga.
these courses were designed to help relieve colleagues' stress and instill a positive mindset.
we also made available other courses in areas such as healthy eating, social connection and physical fitness.
in recognition of our preparedness in the areas of physical security, fire safety and in ensuring our colleagues' workplace safety and health, we received outstanding individual awards at the national safety and security watch group award ceremony 2022 for four of our buildings in singapore, namely uob plaza 1, uob plaza 2, uob alexandra building and uob tampines centre.
the awards were presented by the singapore police force and singapore civil defence force.
"i am truly grateful for having the opportunity to participate in the bank's covid-19 care courses.
i feel empowered and the courses are effective in managing stress, reducing anxiety and bringing peace of mind.
for some courses, colleagues across functions even gathered during their lunchtime to share, learn, reflect and appreciate how to focus on 'here and now' while preparing for 'far and future." ms susan shi wei wholesale banking business management, uob china workplace safety, health and well-being recognition and awards one platinum and two gold plus green mark for healthier workplaces awards for uob-owned and managed offices in singapore national safety and security watch group outstanding individual awards for uob plaza 1, uob plaza 2, uob alexandra building and uob tampines centre best workplace practices award at the global hr excellence awards 2022 great place to work certification 2022 for uob china memberships member of the safety and security watch group by the singapore police force and singapore civil defence force contribution to the un sdgs uphold corporate responsibility governance and risk culture page 85 regulatory compliance page 89 information security page 93 direct environmental impact page 95 sustainable procurement page 102 community stewardship page 104 there is no tabular or chart data in the provided image.
governance and risk culture strong governance and robust risk culture are crucial to organisational success, value creation and sustainability.
we are committed to upholding the highest ethical and corporate governance standards, and to ensuring that emerging risks are identified, assessed, escalated and addressed in a timely manner.
in establishing and maintaining a culture of accountability, responsibility and ethical behaviour and practices, we safeguard the long-term interests of, and create value for, our stakeholders.
our approach uob's strong corporate governance and risk culture are built on our values of honour, enterprise, unity and commitment, and are core to the group's broader organisational culture.
our corporate governance is based on a partnership between our board and management, supported by a system of comprehensive risk frameworks, policies, methodologies, tools and processes by which we operate, measure and manage material risks and opportunities.
we evaluate our governance approach and risk frameworks regularly, and revise them if necessary, to ensure that they are up to date, relevant and aligned with best practices.
our corporate governance framework sets out the relationships among our board, management, shareholders and other stakeholders.
it provides the processes and structures through which the objectives of the bank are met, and the means of attaining those objectives and monitoring performance.
the framework applies to uob, and may be adapted by our banking subsidiaries in accordance with their respective local legal and regulatory requirements and expectations.
our corporate governance framework the diagram shows a circular flow chart illustrating the components of uob's corporate governance framework, including board leadership, management committees, frameworks, policies, guidelines and procedures, regulatory requirements and guidelines, internal controls, and external assurance.
governance and risk culture our board provides entrepreneurial leadership and strategic direction to the bank.
it also provides leadership in promoting corporate governance, with the support of our management.
the board sets the tone from the top and inculcates an appropriate risk culture.
it also considers sustainability issues and material environmental, social and governance factors in formulating the bank's strategies.
the board risk management committee brmc assists the board in overseeing the management of risks and the inculcation of an appropriate risk culture.
it approves the group risk culture and conduct risk framework, which sets out the governance structure for maintaining a strong risk culture and managing the conduct risk of the group.
the framework ensures that the risk culture and conduct risk of the group are systematically monitored and assessed, and the areas of concern proactively addressed.
in addition, our risk culture and conduct risk dashboard provides senior management and the brmc with an overview of the state of risk culture across the group.
to promote awareness of and to instill risk culture across the group, we: require all employees to complete, on an annual basis, a mandatory uob risk culture e-learning module, as well as training aimed at reinforcing risk-focused conduct in areas such as the uob code of conduct, anti-money laundering, operational and security risks, financial crime prevention, information security and cyber risk awareness, and the uk bribery act; require key business and support units to conduct a self-assessment annually to evaluate the risk culture within each of their units; feature senior leaders and their views frequently on risk culture, as well as case studies and lessons learnt on our intranet; ensure consistent bank-wide communications through in-person meetings, discussion groups and internal bulletins to foster deeper understanding and practice of risk management across the organisation; include risk management-related questions in our employee engagement survey to gauge the understanding of the prevailing risk culture across the group; and survey senior management committees to assess their openness and robustness to challenges and their considerations of risks in their decision-making process.
we also ensure that through our 'speak up' channels and the uob whistle-blowing policy, our colleagues can share their views or raise matters of potential concern in a secure manner without fear of reprisal.
all reported cases are investigated and resolved.
group audit tracks the status of all whistle-blowing cases and reports them to the board through the audit committee every quarter.
board independence and diversity comprising a majority of independent and non-executive directors, our board collectively possesses skillsets, expertise and experience that span across industries, professions, markets, cultures and the public and private sectors, providing diversity in thought and opinion.
when appointing or re-appointing directors, our board is guided by our board diversity policy, which promotes diversity in various dimensions including age, gender, industry expertise, domain or functional expertise, tenure, board independence, cultural ethnicity and international experience.
annually, each director is assessed on his/her independence, fitness and propriety to hold office, and performance.
find out more corporate governance, uob annual report 2022 risk management, uob annual report 2022 regulatory compliance 86 governance and risk culture our targets maintain a majority independent board.
this was achieved in 2022, with 70 per cent of directors on the board being independent.
ensure at least one female director on the board.
this was achieved in 2022, with 20 per cent two out of 10 of directors on the board being female.
2022 highlights to further reinforce our risk culture among our colleagues, in 2022, we launched the risk culture and conduct e-handbook.
it outlines the expectations of our people to understand and uphold our risk culture principles, as well as our individual and collective responsibilities to the bank and our stakeholders.
the handbook is available to all employees via our intranet.
our risk culture principles enforcing robust risk governance balancing growth with stability ensuring accountability for all our risk-based decisions and actions encouraging awareness, engagement and consistent behaviour in every employee as part of setting the tone from the top, our senior management regularly reinforces the importance of a strong risk culture.
one of the events during the year was a fireside chat where our group chief risk officer, mr chan kok seong, shared about uob's risks and controls with colleagues from group retail.
at the session, he stressed the importance of maintaining a robust risk culture that supports uob's strategic objectives and reputation, as well as managing risks in the first line by business and support unit colleagues.
uob thailand also organised a virtual risk culture festival for colleagues to deepen their understanding of risk culture through fun-filled learning such as different games on topics such as information security and good market conduct practices.
governance and risk culture recognition and awards best risk management – gold in the large market cap category at the singapore corporate awards 2022 ranked fourth among singapore publicly-listed companies general category on the singapore governance and transparency index 2022 ranked second among singapore publicly-listed companies, and was among the top 20 asean publicly-listed companies and asean asset class singapore on the asean corporate governance scorecard 2021 memberships member of the association of banks in singapore's culture and conduct steering group image shows three individuals at an award ceremony.
contribution to the un sdgs the asean corporate governance awards are held once every two years.
the results of the 2021 assessment were released in 2022. regulatory compliance financial crimes undermine fair competition, impede innovation, raise costs and pose serious legal and reputational consequences.
such threats, if not anticipated and addressed, could severely undermine both the integrity and trust of the financial system.
banks play an integral role in ensuring the stability and security of the financial system.
in this regard, uob is committed to upholding the highest ethical standards, through complying with local laws and regulations, as well as preventing financial crime such as insider trading, bribery, corruption, fraud and money laundering.
this helps to ensure that uob remains a source of stability, security and strength for our stakeholders.
our approach led by our values, uob is committed to safeguarding the interests of our stakeholders, including regulators, and to maintaining the trust that they place in us.
regulatory compliance is our top priority and we respect and comply with the laws and regulations in the countries and territories in which we operate.
we closely monitor regulatory and industry developments and actively engage with regulators, policymakers, and law enforcement agencies, as well our internal stakeholders such as our senior management committees and board for regular updates.
we ensure that we have in place robust protocols and processes to address evolving regulatory requirements, which include identifying, assessing, monitoring and managing regulatory compliance risks.
to protect the integrity of the financial system and its users, uob continually assesses, adjusts and strengthens our policies, processes and systems to enhance our ability to mitigate risks of financial crime.
the uob code of conduct lays down the principles of personal and professional conduct and the requirement for all employees to uphold the highest ethical standards.
we have a zero tolerance policy to breaches of the uob code of conduct.
all employees are required to complete online learning modules and assessment, as well as annual refresher training on: the uob code of conduct; insider trading and market misconduct; foreign account tax compliance act fatca ; all board directors, management executive committee and management committee members also receive regular training on aml/cft and sanctions, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, and anti-fraud.
employees, business associates and the public are able to report any concerns of suspected or actual wrongdoing confidentially and securely, without fear of reprisal, through our whistle-blowing channels.
they may call our whistle-blowing hotline, email or call the head of group audit, chief executive officer, chairman of the board audit committee or chairman of the board.
the uob whistle-blowing policy is reviewed annually and approved by the board audit committee.
prohibiting insider trading all employees are required to adhere to the uob group staff trading policy, which prohibits insider trading.
the policy is reviewed annually and approved by the operational risk management committee ormc . uob has in place a pre-trade clearance system that requires employees, who may reasonably be expected to have access to inside information, to make declarations and to seek approval before dealing in securities or executing their trades on any stock exchanges.
in addition, group compliance regularly reviews securities transactions to detect potential violations.
non-adherence to the policy may subject an employee to disciplinary action.
regulatory compliance ensuring customer tax compliance under the provisions of united states' us tax law, fatca, non-us financial institutions are required to identify and report information on assets held by us persons and non-cooperative entities and individuals to the us internal revenue service.
many countries, including singapore, have intergovernmental agreements with the us to facilitate the reporting required under fatca.
the crs requires financial institutions in participating jurisdictions to identify, collect, and report to the authorities annually the tax residency information of customers from jurisdictions with which agreements to exchange information are in place.
uob is committed to complying with the provisions of fatca and crs, and to ensuring that the group meets all applicable requirements in all jurisdictions in which we operate.
our fatca and crs governance frameworks are reviewed annually and approved by the board risk management committee.
in addition to online learning, employees are kept informed of updates to the frameworks via email.
upholding high aml/cft and sanctions standards the uob aml/cft and sanctions framework aims to detect and prevent the risks associated with money laundering, terrorist financing and sanctions.
the framework includes programmes relating to risk assessment, employee training, customer due diligence, transaction monitoring, as well as investigating and reporting of potential suspicious activity to relevant regulatory bodies.
we also have in place dedicated group and country money laundering reporting officers or other similar roles as required by local regulators . we require all employees to comply with uob's group aml/cft and sanctions policy, as well as applicable laws.
the policy is reviewed annually and approved by the anti-money laundering committee, which comprises senior management and oversees the management of aml/cft and sanctions risks for the group.
we regularly review our framework, policies, procedures, programmes and transaction monitoring systems to ensure their robustness and compliance with regulatory requirements.
the framework and the associated programmes are also audited by our internal and external auditors.
we also continue to invest in our people, systems, processes and tools, adopting advanced data analytics to ensure that our risk surveillance capabilities can effectively detect, deter and prevent money laundering and other financial crime activities.
preventing bribery and corruption uob adopts a strong stance against bribery and corruption and the uob code of conduct specifies zero tolerance to bribery and corruption in all forms.
uob is subject to the anti-bribery laws of all the countries in which we operate, including certain laws with broad extraterritorial effect.
it is important that all our employees and business associates comply, both in letter and in spirit, to such laws including: the singapore prevention of corruption act 1960 , the us foreign corrupt practices act 1977; the uk bribery act 2010; and the australian criminal code.
both corporates and individuals can potentially be prosecuted for giving or receiving bribes.
commission of offences can occur even if our employees are not physically present in the us, uk or australia.
a summary of these laws is available to all employees on our intranet, myuob.
under our policy on managing legal risks, business and support units are required to identify, assess, monitor and report legal risks, including corruption risks, which may arise in their respective scope of work and/or business.
this policy applies group-wide, and is reviewed annually and approved by the ormc.
group legal provides advisory support for compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, as well as for the management of any identified risk.
regulatory compliance with respect to customer relationships, we regularly review and communicate applicable anti-corruption policies and procedures, including ensuring the inclusion of specific terms and conditions and/or contractual provisions where required.
we require our employees, contractors, vendors, third parties and other stakeholders to be aware of and to comply diligently with our anti-bribery and anti-corruption provisions.
we review our training module on anti-bribery and anti-corruption annually to ensure that the content is aligned with our overall objectives.
preventing fraud uob proactively manages fraud risks and has a governance framework and measures in place to address risks across our branches, internet banking, and mobile banking channels.
the group integrated fraud management ifm unit, supported by dedicated ifm teams in our overseas subsidiaries, oversees the management of fraud risk across geographies, driving collaboration across functions for an integrated anti-fraud approach.
the board risk management committee provides corporate governance oversight of fraud risk under the group fraud risk management framework, while the group fraud risk management policy is reviewed annually and approved by the ormc.
we invest continually in fraud monitoring and detection systems and measures across the group security operations centre, digital banking, ifm and retail fraud risk management teams.
fraud risks are also assessed as part of uob's annual key risk and control self-assessment exercise.
to help protect our customers against fraud, we conduct fraud awareness briefings and fraud risk management training for our frontline colleagues.
our branch colleagues are equipped with the spot sense, probe tactfully, observe and take action/inform checklist, developed jointly by ifm, group channels and digitalisation and the anti-scam command of the singapore police force spf . as the first line of defence, our colleagues are guided by the checklist on how to identify telltale signs of customers who may be victims of scams and how to prevent them from suffering losses.
advisories on latest fraud trends and prevention tips are also available on myuob for all employees.
through frequent customer communications via email and on our website, mobile banking app, automated teller machines and social media channels, we also promote greater customer awareness of prevailing fraud scams.
such communications include: scam alerts; educational videos; and updates on new security measures.
. our fraud management strategy the group fraud risk management framework lays out the roles and responsibilities of the first line with oversight by the second line and assurance by the third line.
the framework covers six pillars, namely: prevention; detection; response; resolution; remediation; and reporting.
all first line business and support units receive structured training on fraud awareness to strengthen our capabilities in detecting internal and external fraud.
. . regulatory compliance our targets maintain zero material issues raised by regulators related to financial crime compliance.
there were no reported cases of significant non-compliance with relevant anti-bribery/corruption laws nor confirmed cases of bribery or corruption, and no material losses as a result of legal proceedings or card-related fraud in 2022. maintain 100 per cent completion by all eligible employees of mandatory e-learning on aml/cft and sanctions, fraud awareness, anti-bribery and anti-corruption.
this was achieved in 2022. 2022 highlights our frontline colleagues have found the spot checklist very useful in combating fraud.
in 2022, they successfully helped our customers to prevent fraud losses of more than $11.6 million.
among them are colleagues from the uob hougang mrt station branch in singapore.
mr joshua wee, the branch manager, and his team stopped an elderly customer from transferring more than $80,000 to a fraudster who asked for monetary help to release a parcel held in transit.
in recognition of the efforts by mr wee and his team, he was presented an individual community partnership award by the spf commercial affairs department cad . in total, uob received six individual and two organisational community partnership awards for extending assistance to scam victims and recovering their funds, as well as prompt scam reporting to the singapore anti-scam centre.
our group chief risk officer also awarded 98 colleagues with certificates of appreciation during the year for their contribution to prevent fraud.
uob's strong stance in fraud and scam prevention was acknowledged when the ifm team was invited to share our knowledge and best practices with the spf and corrupt practice investigation bureau cpib . to ensure that we continued to enhance our capabilities, during the year we also invited the cad, criminal investigation department cid and the national crime prevention council ncpc to provide training for our colleagues in singapore.
we also stayed updated on emerging trends by attending seminars and conferences on scam awareness and prevention, as well as corruption.
stopping a phishing attempt in indonesia in indonesia, we helped protect a corporate banking client from a phishing attempt after realising a difference between a remittance payment advice and the beneficiary account number.
the corporate banking, wholesale banking business management and cash management teams worked together to ensure that the transaction was cancelled successfully, liaising closely with the correspondent bank and providing continual updates to the client.
their efforts paid off with the funds returned to the client's bank account.
recognition and awards community partnership awards – two organisation and six individual awards – by the spf cad, in recognition of our efforts in fraud prevention plaque from the deputy commissioner of police investigation & intelligence at the 8 th alliance of public private cybercrime stakeholders appact networking session, in recognition of our contributions and collaboration with the singapore police force to fight cybercrime memberships steering committee member of the anti-money laundering/ countering the financing of terrorism industry partnership acip in singapore member of the anti-corruption partnership network acpn set up by the cpib corporate alliance member of the association of certified fraud examiners acfe , the world's largest anti-fraud organisation active member of appact set up by the cybercrime command of singapore police force member of the association of banks in singapore's standing committee for fraud contribution to the un sdgs information security technology is integral to uob providing our customers with borderless, reliable and efficient services and solutions.
we are committed to protecting our data and assets, including customer data, by monitoring, detecting and responding to potential cybersecurity risks and threats.
our approach at uob, we continually strengthen our defenses, upgrade our security capabilities and enhance our operating models in view of the dynamic cyber threat landscape.
we also partner regulators and industry associations, including the monetary authority of singapore and the association of banks in singapore abs , and leading cybersecurity providers on exchange of knowledge and best practices to ensure that we keep pace with market developments.
to protect our data and assets, we have in place group-wide cybersecurity policies and guidelines that ensure that cybersecurity risks are identified and managed in a consistent way across the group.
these include: the group technology risk management framework and policy; and the group information technology security management and cyber resiliency policy.
these policies are reviewed annually and approved by the operational risk management committee.
recognising that everyone plays a role in data protection and cybersecurity, we regularly train our people on information security and cybersecurity risks.
we keep our people informed of developments, share best practices with them and conduct activities such as phishing simulations and internal cybersecurity training to raise their awareness and to assess their understanding, vigilance and susceptibility to cybersecurity threats.
there were no material information security incidents reported in 2022. our targets maintain 100 per cent completion of mandatory information security training by employees across the group.
this was achieved in 2022. 2022 highlights in 2022, we updated our information and cybersecurity ics strategy that guides our enhancing of ics capabilities across people, processes and technology over a three-year timeframe, as we continue to mitigate cybersecurity threats proactively.
we also registered with the singapore infocomm media development authority's sms sender id registry as part of the collective efforts among regulators, law enforcement, public and private sector organisations to protect consumers from the surge in sms-related scams.
through these efforts, we contribute to the security and stability of the financial system and help to build trust in the banking environment.
as we advance our digital capabilities, we will continue to increase our investments in our cyber resilience and security.
as part of deepening our internal capabilities, we organised the cybersecurity awareness month across the group in october 2022. with the theme of ‘working as one to secure our information’, the month-long programme highlighted the importance of cybersecurity and shared best practices on preventing cybersecurity incidents through webinars, e-learning modules and quizzes.
we also held a ‘security scavenger hunt’ to encourage learning while having fun.
information security to support the building of singapore's technology talent pipeline, we joined the advisory panel of cyber youth singapore cys , a youth-led non-profit organisation, during the year.
we also became a platinum sponsor of the cys seed sponsorship programme to help fund various initiatives including mentorship and volunteering programmes over the next five years.
in singapore, we also continued to support the institute of banking and finance's technology in finance immersion programme through providing work attachments for mid-career talent to transition into a technology career path and to develop their cybersecurity skills and knowledge further.
memberships chair of the abs standing committee on cyber security participant in the financial services information sharing and analysis center, a global cyber intelligence sharing community, to help strengthen the industry's collective defence against cyber attacks member of the cys advisory panel contribution to the un sdgs: 8, 16, 17 direct environmental impact we are committed to conserving resources and reducing carbon emissions for the well-being of our stakeholders and future generations.
we are also cognisant of the direct environmental impact resulting from our operations across our network.
as our business continues to grow, we seek to mitigate our carbon footprint by building a more energy- and resource-efficient real estate portfolio and encouraging environmental stewardship at the workplace.
our approach our direct impact on the environment results primarily from consuming resources, including energy, water, paper, and other supplies.
the waste products resulting from the production, transport, consumption, and disposal of our resources include greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions, wastewater and office waste.
as such, we concentrate our efforts on energy conservation and resource management through optimisation, digitalisation and workflow automation, and stay committed to managing our premises efficiently in alignment with industry best practices and leading green building certification standards.
we also seek to contribute to the singapore green plan 2030 and the singapore green building masterplan, and to meet the mandatory sustainability standards for the built environment in the markets in which we operate.
energy conservation and resource management we work actively to achieve measurable reductions in energy and resource consumption by adopting new and efficient technologies to upgrade our current systems.
in 2022, we continued to deploy smart lighting systems with highly-efficient light-emitting diodes led , as well as smart lift destination control systems which help to enhance operational efficiency, reduce waiting time and electricity consumption.
we also continued to improve the energy efficiency of our existing data centres through energy conservation measures, such as retrofitting our air-conditioning systems and adopting more efficient uninterruptable power systems upss . green building certifications to achieve holistic sustainability performance for our properties, we use leading green building certification schemes, such as the singapore building and construction authority's bca green mark, for our newly-acquired or retrofitted buildings and office spaces.
this helps to benchmark the green efforts of our group portfolio wherever applicable.
we received our first bca green mark certification in 2013. we adhere to the requirements of the latest green building rating criteria including the bca green mark 2021 for the design of systems in our buildings.
in addition, we are conducting a feasibility study for energy conservation measures for a typical uob branch, with the aim of scaling such solutions across our branches regionally and in turn, expedite our decarbonisation plans.
direct environmental impact achieving carbon neutrality in 2021, uob became the first singapore bank to achieve operational carbon neutrality for our own footprint, including our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 business air travel emissions.
we are committed to maintaining our carbon neutrality as we move towards a low carbon economy.
in this regard, we have established a decarbonisation roadmap for our real estate portfolio through the deployment of energy conservation measures, use of renewable energy and power purchase agreements ppas , and carbon offsets.
we are also looking into identifying and measuring the other categories of our scope 3 emissions.
our long-term roadmap to maintaining carbon neutrality energy efficiency: we are adding more sustainability features across our buildings, including: more efficient led lighting systems smart building sensors to manage lighting and lifts optimally upgraded air-conditioning systems with lower energy use renewable energy: we will switch to clean energy sources through: renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates in projects, such as solar, wind and geothermal virtual power purchase agreements from projects such as solar carbon offsets: we will support carbon emissions reduction programmes such as: solar energy and solar cooker projects biomass waste-to-energy projects nature-based projects we have stepped up our efforts in procuring from renewable sources the electricity we consume across our network.
as a consumer, we aim to contribute, over the mid to long term, to additional renewable generation capacity in the region via ppas or virtual ppas vppas . for energy consumption in our home market, singapore, we are exploring vppas, bundled with renewable energy certificates, with renewable energy developers that have projects in countries such as singapore, indonesia, malaysia and australia.
where ppas and vppas are not feasible or available, we will purchase unbundled renewable energy certificates to address our electricity consumption.
in 2022, we purchased and redeemed a total of 133,300 solar and wind renewable energy certificates from mainland china, hong kong, indonesia, malaysia, thailand and vietnam to address 100 per cent of our electricity consumption in all our key markets.
all the purchased renewable energy certificates are certified by the international renewable energy certificate i-rec or tradable instrument for global renewables tigr standards.
to create demand for renewable energy within the markets in which we operate, we purchased local renewable energy certificates whenever possible.
exceptions were applied to singapore and malaysia, where renewable energy certificates were procured from vietnam due to a limited supply of local renewable energy certificates.
specifically for malaysia, additional renewable energy certificates were procured from vietnam on top of local renewable energy certificates.
direct environmental impact carbon offsets we aim to reduce energy consumption and use renewable energy to mitigate the majority of our operational carbon emissions.
however, we recognise that there will be hard-to-abate emissions in particular scope 1 and scope 3 emissions which may only be addressed through the use of carbon offsets.
we seek to ensure that the carbon offsets we purchase are real, quantifiable, additional, permanent and registered with international standards.
in 2022, we purchased and retired 10,906 carbon offsets to address our scope 1, residual scope 2¹, and scope 3 business air travel emissions.
as part of our commitment to advancing the renewable energy sector in the region, we sourced carbon offsets from a solar power project in vietnam certified by the verified carbon standard, as well as solar cooker and biomass waste-to-energy projects in mainland china, certified by the gold standard and the verified carbon standard respectively.
the solar cooker project facilitates the transition of burning coal for cooking to clean solar cookers at funiushan in henan province, china.
this improves both indoor and outdoor air quality, and eliminates carbon emissions from the cooking process.
. our targets maintain operational carbon neutrality for our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 business air travel emissions.
this was achieved in 2022. achieve green building certifications for all key wholly-owned uob buildings by 2030. as at the end of 2022, eight out of 14 buildings have been certified as green buildings with four bca green mark platinum awards, three green mark gold plus awards and one leed platinum award.
we expect uob plaza shanghai in china to achieve bca green mark certification in 2023. 2022 highlights the deployment of energy-efficient lighting systems for our properties in singapore, indonesia, thailand, vietnam and mainland china.
our efforts in 2022 resulted in estimated energy savings of 1,187,820 kilowatt-hours of training per employee kilowatt-hours , equivalent to powering 250 four-room flats in singapore for a year².
the installation of 14 more electric vehicle ev charging points at our buildings, which led to a total of 26 ev charging points as at the end of 2022. new green building certifications in 2022, the feb building in singapore received two bca green mark platinum awards for its holistic sustainable performance and healthier workplace.
our china headquarters, uob plaza shanghai, also received the leed platinum award, the first-ever leed certification for our wholly-owned buildings.
the award recognises the building's sustainable features, including energy-efficient led lighting, lift and pantry boiler systems, good indoor air quality as verified by a third-party auditor, sub-metering for major water usage, garbage bins to facilitate waste classification and recycling, a semi-outdoor sky garden and a paved garden on the ground floor.
we will continue to work towards developing highly sustainable workplaces that drive inclusiveness and enhance well-being beyond sustainability.
notes: 1. residual scope 2 are emissions left after the offset by the renewable energy certificates.
for 2022, this primarily arose from our overseas branches' scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
2. according to the energy market authority singapore, the average monthly electricity consumption of a singapore four-room housing flat ranges from 354 to 396 kilowatt-hours.
we used 396kwh/month for the estimation.
direct environmental impact during the year, we started to deploy in malaysia, singapore and thailand our workspace booking system that enables our employees to reserve workspaces at uob's office premises or amenities.
the digital system also captures office usage patterns which help us to improve system performance further.
in addition, we established the corporate real estate services guidelines on mechanical and electrical design and specification, sustainable design and operation.
these guidelines were developed with reference to best practices and solutions available in singapore to ensure that renovation projects for our buildings across the region meet high sustainability standards while complying with local legislations.
beyond maintaining operational carbon neutrality for our scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 business air travel emissions, in 2022, we partnered with dhl to reduce our carbon footprint for our international shipping activities.
with assistance from dhl, we tracked our shipment activities, qualified their carbon emissions, and offset the generated emissions through purchase of carbon credits generated by projects accredited by the internationally-recognised gold standard.
managing our environmental footprint purchased grid electricity our energy consumption across the region reduced by 2.3 per cent as compared with 2018, totalling 135.3 gigawatt-hours of training per employee gigawatt-hours . overall energy use intensity, measured in kilowatt-hours per square metre m² of floor space, improved by 14.2 per cent over the same period.
excluding data centres, the energy use intensity of our offices and branches reduced by 16.7 per cent.
the improvement was attributed to low occupancy rates in certain key markets as employees returned gradually to the office amid recovery from the pandemic, as well as the move to our new headquarter buildings in malaysia and thailand, which are more energy efficient.
table: purchased grid electricity gigawatt-hours and energy use intensity eui kilowatt-hours/m² year: 2018, singapore: 64.4, indonesia: 24.4, thailand: 24.2, malaysia: 19.4, greater china: 6.0, eui excluding data centres: 188.8, eui including data centres: 254.4 year: 2020, singapore: 65.9, indonesia: 22.8, thailand: 20.8, malaysia: 18.7, greater china: 5.7, eui excluding data centres: 174.5, eui including data centres: 249.5 year: 2021, singapore: 62.9, indonesia: 21.3, thailand: 19.2, malaysia: 17.8, greater china: 5.9, eui excluding data centres: 159.8, eui including data centres: 230.8 year: 2022, singapore: 63.1, indonesia: 20.6, thailand: 22.5, malaysia: 21.2, greater china: 5.3, eui excluding data centres: 157.3, eui including data centres: 218.4 table end.
. uob sustainability report 2022, page 98 direct environmental impact greenhouse gas emissions our scope 2 emissions reduced by 3.3 per cent to 69.3 thousand total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide-equivalent tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent when compared with 2018. our overall emissions intensity measured in kilogram kilograms of co₂-equivalent per m² of floor space reduced by 14.9 per cent over the same period.
excluding data centres, the emissions intensity of our office and branches decreased by 17.4 per cent.
table: greenhouse gas emissions and intensity 2018-2022 year: 2018, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 71.7, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 82.0, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 10.3, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 102.0, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 131.7 year: 2020, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 68.8, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 70.3, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 1.5, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 94.0, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 128.2 year: 2021, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 66.6, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 71.6, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 4.0, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 86.8, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 119.1 year: 2022, scope 1 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 69.3, scope 2 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 84.3, scope 3 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent : 5.8, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter excluding data centres: 79.1, scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms of co2 equivalent per square meter including data centres: 112.1 table end.
waste recycled and disposed our data for 2022 and 2021 cover all branches and offices in our key markets, including estimates from sites where we could not obtain actual data.
compared with 2018, waste collected in 2022 increased 47.4 per cent, attributed to the expanded reporting scope, as well as employees' gradual return to office amid recovery from the pandemic.
of the 2,585 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of waste generated in 2022, 32.5 per cent was recycled and 33.6 per cent was processed at waste-to-energy incineration plants.
overall waste disposal intensity measured in kilograms of waste per m² of floor space improved by 37.8 per cent over the same period.
table: waste recycled and disposed 2018-2022 year: 2018, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 609, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 259, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 886, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 4.4 year: 2020, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 618, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 311, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 611, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 3.6 year: 2021, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 668, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 733, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 751, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 2.7 year: 2022, waste recycled total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 839, waste landfill total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 878, waste incinerated total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste : 868, overall waste intensity kilograms/m² : 2.8 table end.
direct environmental impact water usage data for 2022 include water withdrawal from well sources in water-stressed regions, primarily in java, indonesia, one of our key markets.
we installed several water meters, deriving the usage of 12,800 cubic meters from well water sources within this region and are considering alternatives to this practice in indonesia.
our water consumption in 2022 decreased by 5.8 per cent to 497,600 cubic meters when compared with 2018. overall water consumption intensity measured in cubic meters of water per m² of floor space improved by 21.3 per cent over the same period.
on a year-on-year basis, water consumption in 2022 increased due to employees' gradual return to office amid recovery from the pandemic.
table: water usage data 2018-2022 year: 2018, water usage thousand cubic meters : 528.4, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 1.0 year: 2020, water usage thousand cubic meters : 467.4, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.9 year: 2021, water usage thousand cubic meters : 404.6, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.7 year: 2022, water usage thousand cubic meters : 497.6, water usage intensity cubic meters per square meter : 0.8 table end.
table: water usage by source 2018-2022 year: 2018, non water-stressed region municipal : 335.2, water-stressed region municipal : 193.1 year: 2020, non water-stressed region municipal : 277.5, water-stressed region municipal : 189.9 year: 2021, non water-stressed region municipal : 247.2, water-stressed region municipal : 157.5 year: 2022, non water-stressed region municipal : 327.6, water-stressed region municipal : 156.8 table end.
table: water usage by region 2018-2022 year: 2018, singapore: 219.2, indonesia: 89.4, thailand: 123.1, malaysia: 20.8, greater china: 75.9 year: 2020, singapore: 173.2, indonesia: 96.0, thailand: 113.9, malaysia: 19.3, greater china: 65.0 year: 2021, singapore: 141.1, indonesia: 80.6, thailand: 93.5, malaysia: 18.1, greater china: 68.5 year: 2022, singapore: 179.4, indonesia: 89.2, thailand: 97.0, malaysia: 15.2, greater china: 12.8, vietnam and overseas branches: 0.3 table end.
note: data for 2022 includes overseas branches.
direct environmental impact purchased paper we purchased a total of 1,354 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of paper in 2022, 33.8 percent less than 2018. our sustainably-sourced paper, including fsc 100%, fsc mix and pefc-certified paper, made up 38.4 percent of the total amount.
table: purchased paper total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste year: 2018, fsc-certified or equivalent: 586, non fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,459, total: 2,045 year: 2020, fsc-certified or equivalent: 619, non fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,161, total: 1,779 year: 2021, fsc-certified or equivalent: 570, non fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,074, total: 1,644 year: 2022, fsc-certified or equivalent: 520, non fsc-certified or equivalent: 834, total: 1,354 table end.
methodology and adjustments we continually seek to apply the most appropriate methodologies to report relevant environmental data.
resource consumption and waste data pertaining to our business operations are based on our providers' invoices and information.
our scope 1, 2 and scope 3 emissions are derived in accordance with the most recent directives of the greenhouse gas protocol corporate standard, developed by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development.
global warming potential factors are based on the intergovernmental panel on climate change fourth assessment report.
the reported scope 1 and scope 2 data include our offices, branches and data centres across our group.
our methodology excludes uob-owned spaces with leased tenants, known as downstream leased assets.
scope 1 and scope 2 emissions are calculated based on location-based greenhouse gas conversion factors from international standards by the united kingdom department for environment, food and rural affairs defra and the international energy agency iea respectively.
scope 2 emissions are the main component of our emissions profile, arising from our purchase of grid electricity and outsourced data centres.
we report both the location-based and market-based emissions in this report.
in addition, we report emissions derived from air travel undertaken by employees for business purposes.
scope 3 includes our business air travel emissions.
when the bank acquires or divests any property within the year, we include the property's full-year energy consumption and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions when computing intensity figures for annualisation purpose.
this methodology, revised in 2021, was an enhancement to the data reported for the previous years, where data was included in the calculation only if the acquired or divested property altered the individual country's baseline by more than one percent.
the revised methodology includes all properties and provides more accurate energy and greenhouse gas emissions intensity figures for our operations.
waste data for 2018 to 2020 included only uob-owned buildings.
data since 2021 include both owned buildings and leased spaces.
for leased spaces where we could not obtain actual data, we established waste unit rates based on the actual waste data from branches and offices within each market.
these waste unit rates were then extrapolated for sites without actual data.
uob completed the acquisition of citigroup's consumer banking businesses in malaysia and thailand in november 2022, and in vietnam in march 2023. the acquisition in indonesia is expected to be completed by the end of 2023. we will incorporate the relevant citigroup data upon full system integration within each market.
. this image shows icons representing contributions to the un's sustainable development goals.
sustainable procurement sustainable procurement is key to responsible business practices.
as we continue to deepen our presence across the region, we seek to align our procurement activities with our environmental, social and governance esg goals in a manner consistent with our values.
we support suppliers who are committed to strong corporate governance, regulatory compliance, human rights, ethical labour practices, environmental well-being, and who provide a safe and healthy work environment for their workers.
our approach our approach to addressing the esg risks and effects of our operations extends to the procurement of products and services from suppliers, which include any third party, company or individual that provides a product or service to us.
many of our purchases from suppliers are related to corporate services, real estate, information systems and manpower management.
we understand that there are esg risks associated with our suppliers’ activities and that the risks will vary depending on their sector, size and location.
these include risks related to modern slavery and human trafficking within our supply chain.
to reduce the environmental and social risks and impact associated with our sourcing activities, we expect our suppliers to adhere to the standards set out in our group supplier sustainability principles gssp . the gssp cover three key areas: corporate governance and compliance, labour and human rights; and environment, health and safety.
suppliers are expected to notify us promptly of any deviations from the gssp.
if a supplier is found to be non-compliant, we will request the supplier to present an improvement plan if one is not already in place.
we are not aware of any violations or significant esg risks by any supplier in 2022. sustainable procurement group supplier sustainability principles corporate governance and compliance suppliers shall comply with all applicable local and national laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate.
suppliers shall conduct themselves ethically and morally at all times.
suppliers shall not engage in bribery, facilitation payments, corruption, fraud or other prohibited business practices.
labour and human rights suppliers shall provide equal opportunity for all their employees regardless of gender, religion, race, ethnicity, national origin, age, disability and sexual orientation.
suppliers shall ensure that no child, involuntary or forced labour is used in their operations.
suppliers shall provide fair pay and working conditions for employees.
suppliers shall promote a work environment free of physical, sexual or other forms of harassment, where employees are treated with respect and dignity.
environment, health and safety suppliers shall provide a safe and healthy work environment for their employees in line with their health and safety policy.
suppliers shall implement an effective environmental policy and/or have an environmental management system or plan to manage natural resource scarcity issues and to mitigate the environmental risks, impacts and dependencies of their products and/or services.
our targets have 90 per cent of our material suppliers in singapore acknowledge our gssp.
we achieved 98 per cent in 2022. 2022 highlights in 2022, we established the sustainable procurement guidelines spg for our corporate real estate services cres unit, which supplements the gssp with more detailed implementation specifications and guidance.
through the spg, we seek to minimise the direct and indirect negative esg impacts resulting from cres’ procured products and services in alignment with our sustainability strategic objectives.
starting from singapore, we aim to roll out the spg progressively to the other markets in which we operate, where applicable.
notes: the image contains logos for un sustainable development goals sdgs 5, 8, 12, and 16. community stewardship uob is committed to supporting the social development of the communities in which we operate through art, children, and education.
we believe these to be essential for the quality and progress of society.
over many decades, our efforts across the region have supported the young, especially the underprivileged, as well as those with special needs and with untapped talent.
our approach at uob, our corporate social responsibility csr efforts across the group come together under the uob heartbeat csr programme, which aims to create sustainable good for more caring and inclusive societies through the '3ps' of corporate philanthropy, stakeholder partnerships, and employee participation.
how we give back philanthropy: we are committed to helping improve lives and strengthen social fabric through financial and non-financial contributions such as donations in cash or in kind, sponsorships, scholarships, and the purchase of goods and services from charities.
partnerships: we maximize our corporate giving by connecting and collaborating with partners for greater reach and impact.
they include customers, business partners, vendors, community development councils, as well as institutions and artists who participate in our art competitions.
participation: we unite as one in giving our time, skills, and service to help build strong, inclusive, and caring communities.
we promote volunteerism that creates a sense of belonging for our colleagues and helps improve the lives of others.
our focus areas art: championing southeast asian art and ink art.
art connects people, broadens minds, enriches lives, and strengthens societal bonds.
with our asian heritage and longstanding support of southeast asian art and ink art, we aim to nurture the next generation of great artists from the region.
children: developing the young to their full potential.
as children are the future, our efforts focus on helping them have a strong head start in life, inspiring them to express themselves and nurturing their talent as individuals.
education: laying the foundation for the future.
education is essential for the progress of a country, its economy, and its people.
we support learning opportunities for young minds, help bridge the digital divide, and develop the leaders of tomorrow.
our uob group csr policy ensures that all our csr activities are conducted in a concerted and distinctive manner that enables sustainable growth for the community.
the policy is reviewed annually and approved by the group human resources committee to ensure that our csr activities are aligned with uob's strategic direction and the needs of the community.
community stewardship our targets achieve an average of 1.75 volunteer hours of training per employee per employee per year across the group in 2023. we achieved more than 44,800 hours of training per employee of volunteering in 2022, which was close to a 40 percent increase from the previous year, and averaged 1.6 hours of training per employee per employee across the group.
contribute at least $2 million to support the social development of art across asia in 2023. we contributed more than $2.6 million in 2022. equip at least 8,000 students with digital literacy skills and/or digital learning tools in 2023. we equipped 7,311 youths with digital learning skills and tools through the uob my digital space programme across seven markets in 2022. 2022 highlights every year, we bring together our colleagues, customers and partners to make a positive difference to our communities.
in 2022, we raised more than $9.2 million in monetary and in-kind contributions for communities in need across the markets in which we operate.
championing southeast asian art and ink art we believe art plays an important role in fostering social inclusiveness and have been supporting artists across asia for more than four decades.
in particular, we champion southeast asian art through our flagship uob painting of the year poy competition.
inaugurated in 1982, the annual art competition is the longest-running in singapore and one of the most prestigious in southeast asia.
since then, it has uncovered and nurtured more than 1,000 outstanding artists across singapore, indonesia, malaysia and thailand.
the 2022 uob southeast asian poy award was won by mr chomrawi suksom from thailand for his artwork titled dystopia , which depicts the present world that is undergoing constant developments and changes, affected by geopolitics, natural disasters, pandemics and social issues.
caption: image of the 41st uob painting of the year award ceremony caption: image of the winning artwork, "dystopia," by mr chomrawi suksom.
caption: portrait of mr chomrawi suksom community stewardship supporting budding artists we launched the 2022 uob poy competition with the 'wall of aspirations', a 7.5 metre-long community-painted wall mural at the inclusive community space, enabling village, in singapore.
ms denise phua, mayor of central singapore district, mr wee ee cheong, uob deputy chairman and chief executive officer, uob poy artists and budding artists from the little arts academy's mini monet advanced visual arts programme contributed to the painting of the mural, which commemorates the realising of dreams by artists, including those with special needs.
. in recognition of our long-term commitment to art, we were presented the national arts council's distinguished patron of the arts award in singapore for the 18th year in 2022. . connecting through differentiated art experiences in 2022, we pushed the boundaries of art and digital to extend the reach of art in new ways to the community: debuted 'skyartverse by uob' in decentraland, the first immersive art theme park in the metaverse, showcasing all 37 winning artworks from the 2022 uob poy competition across the four markets; partnered with art jakarta 2022 as the lead partner to showcase artworks by 10 uob poy artists, including 2021 uob poy indonesia country winner, ms meliantha muliawan, who created an experiential environmental art space that encouraged the use of creativity, sensibility, and imagination for children to learn more about biodiversity through educational workshops; and collaborated with the hong kong palace museum on the inaugural art in ink festival that experimented with the use of augmented reality and film screenings for visitors to experience the beauty of chinese ink art.
community stewardship amplifying our giving efforts more than 15,000 colleagues, customers and beneficiaries rallied for the 2022 uob global heartbeat run/walk, our flagship fundraising and volunteerism programme, to help improve the lives of disadvantaged children and families.
we raised a record of more than $2.3 million for 26 beneficiaries globally to provide them with essential food supplies and digital learning support.
in singapore, more than $1.6 million was raised for beneficiaries supported by food from the heart, children's wishing well, the president's challenge 2022 and care community services society.
together with our commercial banking clients in singapore, we also raised close to $1.9 million at our annual lunar new year fundraiser to support the business times budding artists fund, the straits times school pocket money fund, the central singapore community development council cdc as well as the uob-singapore management university asian enterprise institute.
community outreach programmes in 2022 across the region, our colleagues actively participated in community outreach programmes.
in 2022, we: launched heartbeat@heartlands in singapore, through which our branch colleagues volunteered with social service agencies within their vicinity to engage with beneficiaries and the community.
activities included scam awareness workshops, financial literacy and reading workshops, uob branch tours and grocery shopping trips with children from disadvantaged families.
more than 1,810 beneficiaries were engaged through this programme, which will be expanded across the region.
contributed vnd100 million $5,737 to vietnam fatherland front, a voluntary organisation dedicated to supporting poverty alleviation and the social development of vietnam.
raised more than $95,290 in cash and in-kind donations through various fundraising activities, to help meet the pandemic recovery needs of various community segments, particularly families, the elderly and the sick, in hong kong.
community stewardship bridging the digital divide uob supports programmes that develop the minds of children, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds and with special needs.
by enhancing the well-being of children and developing them to their full potential, we help build strong and inclusive communities.
the uob my digital space mds is our flagship regional education programme that is designed to help disadvantaged students by equipping them with digital tools and skills, and connecting them to wider learning opportunities.
in 2022, the programme benefitted 7,311 youths across the region through a series of digital literacy workshops and the sponsorship of 1,322 digital devices.
singapore we donated decommissioned uob-owned laptops and colleagues' used personal laptops, tablets and smart phones to children in need across social service agencies.
we also sponsored all refurbishment costs for these devices prior to donation.
our efforts provided children with access to learning from home, while giving used devices a new lease of life and reducing the amount of e-waste sent to landfills.
we also continued our partnership with central singapore cdc on season 2 of uob my digital bootcamp.
close to 1,300 children between 10 and 12 years old, including those from disadvantaged backgrounds, went through a two-day experimental and hands-on programming 'mission', picking up digital-making skills and learning opportunities in areas such as coding, robotics and 3d mapping.
indonesia in partnership with ganara art, we provided digital devices, internet data and art kits to 100 children from underprivileged families.
the children were able to engage in remote learning, including learning how to use art as a medium to express themselves.
malaysia we refurbished and donated 370 laptops to public schools, benefitting at least 500 students from the bottom 40 per cent of the malaysian household income group.
we also donated 15 new laptops to equip disadvantaged children for their digital learning journey.
thailand we refurbished and donated 441 digital devices and accessories to the mirror foundation as part of the 'computer for children c4c ' initiative.
this enabled more than 400 children living in rural areas to continue their education with the help of digital tools, comprising of computers, keyboards, mouse and printers.
china we designed a digital classroom for a primary school in chongqing, china, installing led screens, centralised control systems for electricity and audio, as well as fast-speed internet connection.
this new digital classroom is aimed at providing students with access to a wider range of educational materials.
community stewardship promoting environmental stewardship we continued to support a range of initiatives to cultivate the adoption of more environmentally-sustainable practices among our colleagues and the wider community.
in singapore, we engaged close to 200 students from disadvantaged backgrounds through the uob heartbeat eco-excursions, an experiential outdoor learning programme to educate children on environmental sustainability.
uob employee volunteers also participated in the activities, which included guided tours and hands-on workshops on biodiversity conservation, food sustainability and renewable energy.
image of uob employees and students participating in an environmental activity as part of our 'waste to wonder' sustainability programme in thailand, we turned 4,070 kilograms of paper and used red packets into three recyclable cardboard furniture sets, comprising tables and stools, for donation to the wattrisamakkee school.
the students also learnt about the upcycling process and deepened their environmental awareness.
image of the upcycled furniture in a classroom in china, we repurposed 8,000 used plastic bottles, as part of our 'do good do green' programme, to create t-shirts and reusable tote bags for our 2022 uob heartbeat run/walk event.
recognition and awards pinnacle award, the highest accolade awarded by the community chest in singapore, as well as the charity platinum award and the volunteer partner award distinguished patron of the arts award by the national arts council in singapore champion of good 2022 recognition conferred by the national volunteer and philanthropy centre in singapore people's association community spirit award – excellence by the central singapore cdc excellence in corporate social responsibility – silver at the marketing interactive's excellence awards 2022 award for arts sponsorship by the hong kong arts development council best csr bank in indonesia at the international finance awards 2022 best bank for csr in indonesia at the asiamoney best bank awards 2022 best social responsibility of brand at the 12th china philanthropy festival 2023 certificate of recognition at the saigon times csr awards 2022 image of the un sdgs logo and related icons appendix 111: sustainability in numbers 124: climate scenario analysis methodology 128: recognition and awards 130: memberships 131: gri content index 139: sasb index 142: tcfd index 143: un sdgs index 149: ungc ten principles index 150: glossary 154: external assurance uob sustainability report 2022 110 economic contributions financial highlights $ million item: total operating income, 2022: 11,575, 2021: 9,789, 2020: 9,176, 2019: 10,030, 2018: 9,116 item: dividends to shareholders, 2022: 2,089, 2021: 1,741, 2020: 1,990, 2019: 2,180, 2018: 2,052 item: operating expenses, 2022: 5,281, 2021: 4,313, 2020: 4,184, 2019: 4,472, 2018: 4,003 item: employee compensation & benefits, 2022: 3,001, 2021: 2,602, 2020: 2,501, 2019: 2,716, 2018: 2,447 item: profit before tax, 2022: 5,785, 2021: 4,937, 2020: 3,536, 2019: 5,174, 2018: 4,826 item: profit after tax, 2022: 4,573, 2021: 4,075, 2020: 2,915, 2019: 4,343, 2018: 4,008 item: income tax, 2022: 1,202, 2021: 850, 2020: 606, 2019: 812, 2018: 805 item: income tax as a percentage of profit before tax % , 2022: 20.8, 2021: 17.2, 2020: 17.1, 2019: 15.7, 2018: 16.7 table end.
procurement spend item: total purchases $ million , 2022: 2,195, 2021: 1,786, 2020: 1,776, 2019: 1,888, 2018: 1,645 item: purchases from local suppliers % , 2022: 92.8, 2021: 93.7, 2020: 94.0, 2019: 93.8, 2018: 93.5 table end.
sustainable banking lending profile $ billion item: loans to small businesses, 2022: 11.5, 2021: 11.7, 2020: 11.3, 2019: 10.4, 2018: 10.0 item: loans to medium businesses, 2022: 53.7, 2021: 57.0, 2020: 51.2, 2019: 50.6, 2018: 46.0 item: loans to large businesses, 2022: 146.1, 2021: 142.7, 2020: 122.2, 2019: 109.0, 2018: 107.6 item: loans to individuals, 2022: 108.2, 2021: 99.4, 2020: 96.7, 2019: 98.6, 2018: 98.1 table end.
retail banking activities item: value of checking and savings accounts $ billion , 2022: 83.0, 2021: 96.8, 2020: 90.1, 2019: -, 2018: - item: value of loans - excluding mortgage and revolving credit loans $ billion , 2022: 13.3, 2021: 14.0, 2020: 13.1, 2019: -, 2018: - item: value of mortgage loans - residential and commercial $ billion , 2022: 85.7, 2021: 82.1, 2020: 81.1, 2019: -, 2018: - item: weighted average loan-to-value ratio of mortgage loans % , 2022: 54.0, 2021: 56.4, 2020: 57.9, 2019: -, 2018: - table end.
notes: 1. unless otherwise stated, all reported numbers are at group level.
2. data for 2018 to 2021 may not be available for newly-included metrics.
dashes denote that data are unavailable.
3. relates to the amount attributable to equity holders of the bank.
4. income tax for the year ended 31 december 2019 was stated as $813 million in the uob annual report 2019, and was restated in the uob annual report 2020 due to rounding.
5. comprises data from our seven key markets in singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam and greater china including mainland china and hong kong . 6. comprises data covering individual customers served under group retail.
data for 2021 and 2020 have been restated to conform with 2022's presentation.
7. our standardised mortgage loan pricing packages are available to any customer who meets our loan eligibility requirements.
sustainability in numbers sustainable financing metric: total green and sustainability-linked loans as at 31 december $ billion , 2022: 25.0, 2021: 16.8, 2020: 11.3, 2019: 6.6, 2018: - metric: green and sustainability-linked loans extended during the year $ billion , 2022: 8.2, 2021: 5.5, 2020: 4.7, 2019: 1.0, 2018: - metric: renewable energy generated by projects financed gigawatt-hours , 2022: 555.6, 2021: 279.5, 2020: 157.4, 2019: -, 2018: - metric: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions avoided through financing of renewable energy thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent , 2022: 359.0, 2021: 142.0, 2020: 77.3, 2019: -, 2018: - table end.
sustainable investing $ million uob personal financial services metric: transaction volume in esg-focused investment products, 2022: 663.9, 2021: 1,020.2, 2020: 408.0, 2019: -, 2018: - metric: assets under management aum in esg-focused investment products as at 31 december, 2022: 815.5, 2021: 782.6, 2020: 185.5, 2019: -, 2018: - table end.
uob asset management metric: aum in esg-focused funds as at 31 december, 2022: 8,213, 2021: 6,701, 2020: 781, 2019: -, 2018: - metric: percentage of portfolio companies engaged on esg topics % , 2022: 19.0, 2021: 20.0, 2020: 13.0, 2019: 10.4, 2018: - table end.
uob venture management metric: aum in esg-focused and social impact funds as at 31 december, 2022: 1,441, 2021: 1,296, 2020: 1,105, 2019: 1,043, 2018: 953 metric: total number of low-income individuals reached through allf investee companies as at 31 december cumulative in millions , 2022: 25, 2021: 19, 2020: 16, 2019: 12, 2018: 8 table end.
customer experience digital banking metric: digitally-enabled retail customers % of individual customer base , 2022: 75, 2021: 69, 2020: 64, 2019: -, 2018: - metric: digitally-active retail customers % of individual customer base , 2022: 38, 2021: 36, 2020: 32, 2019: -, 2018: - table end.
customer experience and advocacy metric: number of customer compliments, 2022: 108,010, 2021: 99,391, 2020: 65,936, 2019: 82,967, 2018: 58,426 metric: percentage of complaints relating to the sale of investment and insurance products % , 2022: 0.19, 2021: 0.06, 2020: 0.11, 2019: 0.12, 2018: 0.09 table end.
notes: 8. in accordance with the global greenhouse gas accounting and reporting standard for the financial industry, published by the partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf , an attribution factor or ratio is applied when calculating the amount of solar energy generated so that only uob's share in the total financing of each project is included.
9. greenhouse gas conversion factors are sourced from the international energy agency iea . 10. data for 2020 to 2021 were restated to reflect updates in computation methodology.
11. figures comprise mainly the asean china investment funds acif and the asia impact investment funds aiif . 12. figures have not been prorated for the portion of uob venture management's contribution, and are based on data reported by the portfolio companies.
data for 2018 and 2019 were restated to reflect updated scope.
13. refer to customers with an online banking account.
14. refer to customers with more than one online banking login per month.
sustainability in numbers financial inclusion access to financial services year: 2022, number of branches: 430, number of automated teller machines atms : 1,672, number of contactless atms: 562, number of ability atms: 16, amount of non-performing loans qualified to programmes designed to promote small businesses $ million : 330.2 year: 2021, number of branches: 440, number of automated teller machines atms : 1,436, number of contactless atms: 548, number of ability atms: 16, amount of non-performing loans qualified to programmes designed to promote small businesses $ million : 341.7 year: 2020, number of branches: 467, number of automated teller machines atms : 1,572, number of contactless atms: 508, number of ability atms: 18, amount of non-performing loans qualified to programmes designed to promote small businesses $ million : 264.0 year: 2019, number of branches: 476, number of automated teller machines atms : 1,653, number of contactless atms: 509, number of ability atms: 20, amount of non-performing loans qualified to programmes designed to promote small businesses $ million : 276.6 year: 2018, number of branches: 469, number of automated teller machines atms : 1,669, number of contactless atms: 382, number of ability atms: 20, amount of non-performing loans qualified to programmes designed to promote small businesses $ million : - table end.
talent development and inclusion employee profile year: 2022, total number of employees including employees from citigroup : 28,659, total number of employees excluding employees from citigroup : 25,644 year: 2021, total number of employees including employees from citigroup : -, total number of employees excluding employees from citigroup : 24,346 year: 2020, total number of employees including employees from citigroup : -, total number of employees excluding employees from citigroup : 25,466 year: 2019, total number of employees including employees from citigroup : -, total number of employees excluding employees from citigroup : 26,872 year: 2018, total number of employees including employees from citigroup : -, total number of employees excluding employees from citigroup : 26,153 table end.
number and percentage % of employees by gender year: 2022, male: 9,915 38.7% , female: 15,729 61.3% , total: 25,644 100% year: 2021, male: 9,362 38.5% , female: 14,984 61.5% , total: 24,346 100% year: 2020, male: 9,855 38.7% , female: 15,611 61.3% , total: 25,466 100% year: 2019, male: 10,510 39.1% , female: 16,362 60.9% , total: 26,872 100% year: 2018, male: 10,102 38.6% , female: 16,051 61.4% , total: 26,153 100% table end.
number and percentage % of employees by employment type and gender year: 2022, full-time male: 9,912 38.7% , full-time female: 15,699 61.2% , part-time male: 3 <0.1% , part-time female: 30 <0.1% year: 2021, full-time male: 9,356 38.4% , full-time female: 14,949 61.4% , part-time male: 6 <0.1% , part-time female: 35 <0.1% year: 2020, full-time male: 9,854 38.7% , full-time female: 15,573 61.2% , part-time male: 1 <0.1% , part-time female: 38 <0.1% year: 2019, full-time male: 10,508 39.1% , full-time female: 16,319 60.7% , part-time male: 2 <0.1% , part-time female: 43 <0.1% year: 2018, full-time male: 10,100 38.6% , full-time female: 16,008 61.2% , part-time male: 2 <0.1% , part-time female: 43 <0.1% table end.
notes: 15. includes shared network of atms with ocbc in singapore.
16. data for 2021 were restated to correct a computation error.
17. ability atms are designed to provide visually-impaired customers with audio assistance.
18. data for 2019 to 2021 were restated to reflect the change from singapore-only data to group-wide data.
19. includes full-time and part-time permanent and fixed-term contract employees.
20. the acquisition of citigroup's consumer banking businesses in malaysia and thailand was completed in november 2022. figures computed for 2022 excluded relevant citigroup data for better comparison purposes.
sustainability in numbers number and percentage % of employees by employment contract and gender : permanent male, 2022: 9,661 37.7% , 2021: 9,097 37.3% , 2020: 9,551 37.5% , 2019: 10,090 37.5% , 2018: 9,694 37.1% : permanent female, 2022: 15,310 59.7% , 2021: 14,603 60.0% , 2020: 15,189 59.6% , 2019: 15,821 58.9% , 2018: 15,454 59.1% : contract male, 2022: 254 1.0% , 2021: 265 1.1% , 2020: 304 1.2% , 2019: 420 1.6% , 2018: 408 1.5% : contract female, 2022: 419 1.6% , 2021: 381 1.6% , 2020: 422 1.7% , 2019: 541 2.0% , 2018: 597 2.3% table end.
number and percentage % of employees by employment contract and country permanent country: singapore, 2022: 9,612 37.5% , 2021: 8,850 36.4% , 2020: 9,219 36.2% , 2019: 9,504 35.4% , 2018: 9,072 34.7% country: indonesia, 2022: 3,217 12.5% , 2021: 3,231 13.3% , 2020: 3,579 14.1% , 2019: 3,793 14.1% , 2018: 3,824 14.6% country: malaysia, 2022: 5,072 19.8% , 2021: 4,924 20.2% , 2020: 5,026 19.7% , 2019: 5,189 19.3% , 2018: 5,102 19.5% country: thailand, 2022: 4,731 18.4% , 2021: 4,552 18.7% , 2020: 4,745 18.6% , 2019: 5,055 18.8% , 2018: 4,954 18.9% country: vietnam, 2022: 569 2.2% , 2021: 438 1.8% , 2020: 431 1.7% , 2019: 470 1.7% , 2018: 369 1.4% country: greater china, 2022: 1,328 5.2% , 2021: 1,284 5.3% , 2020: 1,318 5.2% , 2019: 1,453 5.4% , 2018: 1,390 5.3% country: overseas branches, 2022: 442 1.7% , 2021: 421 1.7% , 2020: 422 1.7% , 2019: 447 1.7% , 2018: 437 1.7% table end.
contract country: singapore, 2022: 444 1.7% , 2021: 386 1.6% , 2020: 440 1.7% , 2019: 554 2.1% , 2018: 573 2.2% country: indonesia, 2022: 90 0.4% , 2021: 84 0.3% , 2020: 107 0.4% , 2019: 151 0.6% , 2018: 220 0.8% country: malaysia, 2022: 64 0.2% , 2021: 70 0.3% , 2020: 59 0.2% , 2019: 112 0.4% , 2018: 76 0.3% country: thailand, 2022: 9 <0.1% , 2021: 12 <0.1% , 2020: 18 <0.1% , 2019: 24 <0.1% , 2018: 17 <0.1% country: vietnam, 2022: 13 <0.1% , 2021: 24 0.1% , 2020: 40 0.2% , 2019: 73 0.3% , 2018: 111 0.4% country: greater china, 2022: 12 <0.1% , 2021: 4 <0.1% , 2020: 5 <0.1% , 2019: 0 0% , 2018: 1 <0.1% country: overseas branches, 2022: 13 <0.1% , 2021: 13 <0.1% , 2020: 12 <0.1% , 2019: 4 <0.1% , 2018: 1 <0.1% table end.
there are no images other than tables in the provided image.
sustainability in numbers number of workers who are not employees 21 year: 2022, agency contract workers: 3,269, outsourced services workers: 499 year: 2021, agency contract workers: 1,604, outsourced services workers: - year: 2020, agency contract workers: 1,456, outsourced services workers: - year: 2019, agency contract workers: 1,271, outsourced services workers: - year: 2018, agency contract workers: 1,245, outsourced services workers: - table end.
percentage of local employment % 22 year: 2022, percentage: 93.9 year: 2021, percentage: 94.5 year: 2020, percentage: 94.7 year: 2019, percentage: 94.2 year: 2018, percentage: 94.9 table end.
percentage of senior management 23 hired locally by country % country: singapore, 2022: 91.9, 2021: - country: indonesia, 2022: 93.5, 2021: - country: malaysia, 2022: 91.5, 2021: - country: thailand, 2022: 92.0, 2021: - country: vietnam, 2022: 50.0, 2021: - country: greater china, 2022: 73.9, 2021: - country: overseas branches, 2022: 70.6, 2021: - table end.
percentage of employees by age group and gender % age group: <30 years old, gender: male, 2022: 35.4, 2021: 34.3, 2020: 34.5, 2019: 36.6, 2018: 35.9 gender: female, 2022: 64.6, 2021: 65.7, 2020: 65.5, 2019: 63.4, 2018: 64.1 age group: 30-50 years old, gender: male, 2022: 39.5, 2021: 39.5, 2020: 39.8, 2019: 39.9, 2018: 39.3 gender: female, 2022: 60.5, 2021: 60.5, 2020: 60.2, 2019: 60.1, 2018: 60.7 age group: 50 years old, gender: male, 2022: 38.4, 2021: 38.0, 2020: 38.8, 2019: 39.4, 2018: 40.1 gender: female, 2022: 61.6, 2021: 62.0, 2020: 61.2, 2019: 60.6, 2018: 59.9 age group: overall average age , gender: male, 2022: 40.1, 2021: 40.2, 2020: 39.0, 2019: 38.4, 2018: 38.4 gender: female, 2022: 39.8, 2021: 39.7, 2020: 38.6, 2019: 37.8, 2018: 37.6 gender: total, 2022: 39.9, 2021: 39.9, 2020: 38.8, 2019: 38.0, 2018: 37.9 table end.
percentage of employees by grade 23 and gender % grade: senior management, gender: male, 2022: 62.8, 2021: 63.7, 2020: 65.1, 2019: 64.9, 2018: 65.3 gender: female, 2022: 37.2, 2021: 36.3, 2020: 34.9, 2019: 35.1, 2018: 34.7 grade: middle management, gender: male, 2022: 48.6, 2021: 48.3, 2020: 48.4, 2019: 48.6, 2018: 48.2 gender: female, 2022: 51.4, 2021: 51.7, 2020: 51.6, 2019: 51.4, 2018: 51.8 table end.
notes: 21 data as at 31 december 2022. agency contract workers refer to individuals who are employed by third-party employment agencies to provide services to uob on a temporary basis, while outsourced services workers refer to those employed by third-party companies providing professional services to uob.
data collection for agency contract workers was expanded in 2022, while data for outsourced services workers were not available for 2018 to 2021. 22 local employees are citizens or permanent residents of the country in which they are employed.
23 senior management refers to managing directors and executive directors; middle management refers to senior vice presidents, first vice presidents and vice presidents; executives refer to assistant vice presidents, managers and senior officers.
sustainability in numbers percentage of employees by grade and gender % year: 2022, executive - male: 35.4%, executive - female: 64.6%, administrative - male: 27.7%, administrative - female: 72.3% year: 2021, executive - male: 35.4%, executive - female: 64.6%, administrative - male: 28.3%, administrative - female: 71.7% year: 2020, executive - male: 36.1%, executive - female: 63.9%, administrative - male: 28.3%, administrative - female: 71.7% year: 2019, executive - male: 37.5%, executive - female: 62.5%, administrative - male: 28.8%, administrative - female: 71.2% year: 2018, executive - male: 37.3%, executive - female: 62.7%, administrative - male: 28.9%, administrative - female: 71.1% table end.
percentage of employees by grade and age group % category: senior management, year: 2022, <30 years old: 0%, 30-50 years old: 37.3%, 50 years old: 62.7% year: 2021, <30 years old: 0%, 30-50 years old: 40.2%, 50 years old: 59.8% year: 2020, <30 years old: 0%, 30-50 years old: 45.6%, 50 years old: 54.4% year: 2019, <30 years old: 0%, 30-50 years old: 48.0%, 50 years old: 52.0% category: middle management, year: 2022, <30 years old: 0.7%, 30-50 years old: 76.4%, 50 years old: 22.9% year: 2021, <30 years old: 0.7%, 30-50 years old: 76.9%, 50 years old: 22.4% year: 2020, <30 years old: 0.7%, 30-50 years old: 78.9%, 50 years old: 20.4% year: 2019, <30 years old: 1.0%, 30-50 years old: 80.3%, 50 years old: 18.7% category: executive, year: 2022, <30 years old: 23.5%, 30-50 years old: 64.1%, 50 years old: 12.5% year: 2021, <30 years old: 22.1%, 30-50 years old: 65.5%, 50 years old: 12.4% year: 2020, <30 years old: 24.5%, 30-50 years old: 64.6%, 50 years old: 10.9% year: 2019, <30 years old: 28.7%, 30-50 years old: 61.7%, 50 years old: 9.6% category: administrative, year: 2022, <30 years old: 25.4%, 30-50 years old: 61.5%, 50 years old: 13.1% year: 2021, <30 years old: 24.5%, 30-50 years old: 62.2%, 50 years old: 13.3% year: 2020, <30 years old: 28.5%, 30-50 years old: 59.2%, 50 years old: 12.3% year: 2019, <30 years old: 33.5%, 30-50 years old: 55.5%, 50 years old: 11.0% table end.
number and percentage % of management employees by gender category: male supervisors or managers, year: 2022, number: 2,236, percentage: 46.9% year: 2021, number: 2,140, percentage: 46.5% year: 2020, number: 2,352, percentage: 45.4% year: 2019, number: 2,438, percentage: 47.3% year: 2018, number: 2,432, percentage: 47.0% category: female supervisors or managers, year: 2022, number: 2,529, percentage: 53.1% year: 2021, number: 2,465, percentage: 54.5% year: 2020, number: 2,831, percentage: 54.6% year: 2019, number: 2,718, percentage: 52.7% year: 2018, number: 2,743, percentage: 53.0% category: male management committee members, year: 2022, number: 17, percentage: 77.3% year: 2021, number: 18, percentage: 81.8% year: 2020, number: 17, percentage: 81.0% year: 2019, number: 16, percentage: 80.0% year: 2018, number: 16, percentage: 76.2% category: female management committee members, year: 2022, number: 5, percentage: 22.7% year: 2021, number: 4, percentage: 18.2% year: 2020, number: 4, percentage: 19.0% year: 2019, number: 4, percentage: 20.0% year: 2018, number: 5, percentage: 23.8% table end.
number and percentage % of new employee hires by gender category: male, year: 2022, number: 2,648, percentage: 42.4% year: 2021, number: 1,415, percentage: 44.4% category: female, year: 2022, number: 3,596, percentage: 57.6% year: 2021, number: 1,774, percentage: 55.6% category: total, year: 2022, number: 6,244, percentage: 100% year: 2021, number: 3,189, percentage: 100% table end.
note : senior management refers to managing directors and executive directors; middle management refers to senior vice presidents, first vice presidents and vice presidents; executives refer to assistant vice presidents, managers and senior officers.
sustainability in numbers new employee hire rate by gender % year: 2022, male: 26.7, female: 22.9 year: 2021, male: 15.1, female: 11.8 year: 2020, male: 8.4, female: 6.4 year: 2019, male: 25.3, female: 21.3 year: 2018, male: 30.7, female: 25.7 table end.
number and percentage % of new employee hires by age group age group: <30 years old, 2022: 2,661 42.6% , 2021: 1,528 47.9% , 2020: 934 51.1% , 2019: 3,036 49.4% , 2018: 3,735 51.7% age group: 30-50 years old, 2022: 3,367 53.9% , 2021: 1,567 49.1% , 2020: 833 45.5% , 2019: 2,751 44.8% , 2018: 3,132 43.4% age group: 50 years old, 2022: 216 3.5% , 2021: 94 3.0% , 2020: 62 3.4% , 2019: 359 5.8% , 2018: 353 4.9% table end.
new employee hire rate by age group % age group: <30 years old, 2022: 63.4, 2021: 39.6, 2020: 20.3, 2019: 51.6, 2018: 62.6 age group: 30-50 years old, 2022: 19.7, 2021: 9.5, 2020: 4.9, 2019: 15.8, 2018: 18.6 age group: 50 years old, 2022: 5.0, 2021: 2.3, 2020: 1.6, 2019: 10.1, 2018: 10.5 table end.
number and percentage % of new employee hires by country country: singapore, 2022: 3,059 49.1% , 2021: 1,470 46.1% , 2020: 815 44.6% , 2019: 2,441 39.7% , 2018: 2,704 37.4% country: indonesia, 2022: 529 8.5% , 2021: 298 9.3% , 2020: 258 14.1% , 2019: 891 14.5% , 2018: 1,154 16.0% country: malaysia, 2022: 1,041 16.5% , 2021: 555 17.4% , 2020: 329 18.0% , 2019: 939 15.3% , 2018: 1,069 14.8% country: thailand, 2022: 1,007 16.1% , 2021: 457 14.3% , 2020: 225 12.3% , 2019: 1,277 20.7% , 2018: 1,601 22.2% country: vietnam, 2022: 271 4.3% , 2021: 168 5.3% , 2020: 89 4.9% , 2019: 225 3.7% , 2018: 189 2.6% country: greater china, 2022: 254 4.1% , 2021: 180 5.7% , 2020: 82 4.4% , 2019: 323 5.3% , 2018: 431 6.0% country: overseas branches, 2022: 83 1.3% , 2021: 61 1.9% , 2020: 31 1.7% , 2019: 50 0.8% , 2018: 72 1.0% table end.
new employee hire rate by country % country: singapore, 2022: 30.4, 2021: 15.9, 2020: 8.4, 2019: 24.3, 2018: 28.0 country: indonesia, 2022: 16.0, 2021: 9.0, 2020: 7.0, 2019: 22.6, 2018: 28.5 country: malaysia, 2022: 20.3, 2021: 11.1, 2020: 6.5, 2019: 17.7, 2018: 20.6 country: thailand, 2022: 21.2, 2021: 10.0, 2020: 4.7, 2019: 25.1, 2018: 32.2 country: vietnam, 2022: 46.6, 2021: 36.4, 2020: 19.9, 2019: 47.4, 2018: 51.2 country: greater china, 2022: 18.6, 2021: 13.4, 2020: 5.9, 2019: 20.7, 2018: 28.7 country: overseas branches, 2022: 18.2, 2021: 14.1, 2020: 7.1, 2019: 11.1, 2018: 16.4 table end.
sustainability in numbers number and percentage % of employee attrition by gender 24 year: 2022, male: 1,923 42.0% , female: 2,657 58.0% , total: 4,580 100% year: 2021, male: 1,765 44.3% , female: 2,218 55.7% , total: 3,983 100% year: 2020, male: 1,330 46.1% , female: 1,558 53.9% , total: 2,888 100% year: 2019, male: 1,890 41.3% , female: 2,688 58.7% , total: 4,578 100% year: 2018, male: 2,174 41.5% , female: 3,068 58.5% , total: 5,242 100% table end.
employee attrition rate by gender % 24, 25 year: 2022, male: 19.9, female: 17.4 year: 2021, male: 19.4, female: 15.2 year: 2020, male: 13.9, female: 10.3 year: 2019, male: 18.7, female: 17.0 year: 2018, male: 22.4, female: 19.9 table end.
number and percentage % of employee attrition by age group 24 year: 2022, <30 years old: 1,457 31.8% , 30-50 years old: 2,755 60.2% , 50 years old: 368 8.0% year: 2021, <30 years old: 1,293 32.5% , 30-50 years old: 2,346 58.9% , 50 years old: 344 8.6% year: 2020, <30 years old: 1,059 36.7% , 30-50 years old: 1,573 54.4% , 50 years old: 256 8.9% year: 2019, <30 years old: 1,841 40.2% , 30-50 years old: 2,420 52.9% , 50 years old: 317 6.9% year: 2018, <30 years old: 2,126 40.6% , 30-50 years old: 2,738 52.2% , 50 years old: 378 7.2% table end.
employee attrition rate by age group % 24, 25 year: 2022, <30 years old: 36.2, 30-50 years old: 16.3, 50 years old: 9.1, overall: 18.3 year: 2021, <30 years old: 35.3, 30-50 years old: 14.4, 50 years old: 9.1, overall: 16.8 year: 2020, <30 years old: 24.2, 30-50 years old: 9.3, 50 years old: 7.3, overall: 11.7 year: 2019, <30 years old: 33.4, 30-50 years old: 14.1, 50 years old: 9.8, overall: 17.7 year: 2018, <30 years old: 38.3, 30-50 years old: 16.6, 50 years old: 12.3, overall: 20.8 table end.
number and percentage % of employee attrition by country 24 year: 2022, singapore: 2,040 44.5% , indonesia: 507 11.1% , malaysia: 847 18.5% , thailand: 811 17.7% , vietnam: 139 3.0% , greater china: 188 4.1% , overseas branches: 48 1.0% year: 2021, singapore: 1,740 43.7% , indonesia: 618 15.5% , malaysia: 618 15.5% , thailand: 620 15.6% , vietnam: 136 3.4% , greater china: 204 5.1% , overseas branches: 47 1.2% year: 2020, singapore: 1,070 37.0% , indonesia: 458 15.9% , malaysia: 479 16.6% , thailand: 534 18.5% , vietnam: 124 4.3% , greater china: 188 6.5% , overseas branches: 35 1.2% year: 2019, singapore: 1,606 35.1% , indonesia: 696 15.2% , malaysia: 733 16.0% , thailand: 1,140 24.9% , vietnam: 154 3.4% , greater china: 190 4.2% , overseas branches: 59 1.3% year: 2018, singapore: 1,860 35.5% , indonesia: 757 14.4% , malaysia: 801 15.3% , thailand: 1,343 25.6% , vietnam: 89 1.7% , greater china: 314 6.0% , overseas branches: 78 1.5% table end.
notes: 24 include all voluntary and involuntary attrition among permanent employees only.
25 data for 2018 to 2020 were restated to correct marginal errors in calculation.
sustainability in numbers employee attrition rate by country % 24 country: singapore, 2022: 21.2, 2021: 19.7, 2020: 11.6, 2019: 16.9, 2018: 20.5 country: indonesia, 2022: 15.8, 2021: 19.1, 2020: 12.8, 2019: 18.3, 2018: 19.8 country: malaysia, 2022: 16.7, 2021: 12.6, 2020: 9.5, 2019: 14.1, 2018: 15.7 country: thailand, 2022: 17.1, 2021: 13.6, 2020: 11.3, 2019: 22.6, 2018: 27.1 country: vietnam, 2022: 24.4, 2021: 31.1, 2020: 28.8, 2019: 32.8, 2018: 24.1 country: greater china, 2022: 14.2, 2021: 15.9, 2020: 14.3, 2019: 13.1, 2018: 22.6 country: overseas branches, 2022: 10.9, 2021: 11.2, 2020: 8.3, 2019: 13.2, 2018: 17.8 table end.
training spend 26 : total investment $ million , 2022: 25.9, 2021: 23.3, 2020: 19.6, 2019: 31.1, 2018: 26.0 : average investment per employee $ , 2022: 1,011.1, 2021: 955.4, 2020: 771, 2019: 1,157.8, 2018: 992.3 : average investment per trainee $ , 2022: 855.0, 2021: 948.4, 2020: 686.0, 2019: 1,111.0, 2018: 916.0 table end.
average training hours per employee by grade and gender grade: senior management, gender: male, 2022: 31.8, 2021: 26.7, 2020: 32.0, 2019: 35.5, 2018: 33.4 gender: female, 2022: 30.9, 2021: 25.2, 2020: 31.2, 2019: 34.7, 2018: 32.3 grade: middle management, gender: male, 2022: 44.1, 2021: 40.9, 2020: 44.2, 2019: 48.5, 2018: 39.3 gender: female, 2022: 43.3, 2021: 41.4, 2020: 43.0, 2019: 50.3, 2018: 39.0 grade: executive, gender: male, 2022: 59.2, 2021: 53.2, 2020: 52.0, 2019: 58.8, 2018: 48.2 gender: female, 2022: 57.6, 2021: 55.8, 2020: 51.2, 2019: 64.8, 2018: 51.5 grade: administrative, gender: male, 2022: 60.2, 2021: 51.8, 2020: 52.5, 2019: 55.1, 2018: 46.2 gender: female, 2022: 66.0, 2021: 62.2, 2020: 51.8, 2019: 44.5, 2018: 50.2 grade: overall, gender: male, 2022: 50.9, 2021: 48.5, 2020: 47.4, 2019: 55.5, 2018: 46.3 gender: female, 2022: 57.9, 2021: 52.2, 2020: 50.3, 2019: 50.5, 2018: 46.1 table end.
parental leave : number of employees who took maternity leave, 2022: 496, 2021: 517, 2020: 247, 2019: 509, 2018: - : number of employees who took paternity leave, 2022: 201, 2021: 183, 2020: 172, 2019: 206, 2018: - : one-year retention rate of returning mothers % 27 , 2022: 82.3, 2021: 86.1, 2020: 76.6, 2019: 85.0, 2018: - table end.
workplace safety, health and well-being : number of recordable work-related injuries, 2022: 5, 2021: 8, 2020: 2, 2019: 9, 2018: 10 : rate of recordable work-related injuries 28 , 2022: 0.02, 2021: 0.03, 2020: 0.01, 2019: 0.03, 2018: 0.03 table end.
notes: 24. include all voluntary and involuntary attrition among permanent employees only.
26. includes total training costs as well as any subsidies or grants given.
27. percentage of employees who remained in the organisation at least one year after returning from maternity leave.
28. refers to the number of reportable injuries per 100 full-time workers and is calculated as: n/h x 200,000, where n=number of injuries, h=total hours of training per employee worked by all employees in the year.
sustainability in numbers direct environmental impact energy consumption table: fuel consumption from non-renewable sources gigajoules fuel type: diesel, 2022: 1,861.6, 2021: 1,934.3, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - fuel type: petrol, 2022: 39,273.9, 2021: 37,407.6, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - fuel type: natural gas, 2022: 5,263.8, 2021: 6,276.2, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - fuel type: steam, 2022: 823.9, 2021: 1,579.4, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - table end.
table: fuel consumption from non-renewable sources gigawatt-hours 2022: 13.1, 2021: 13.1 table end.
table: purchased grid electricity gigawatt-hours region: singapore, 2022: 63.1, 2021: 62.9, 2020: 65.9, 2019: 63.6, 2018: 64.4 region: indonesia, 2022: 20.6, 2021: 21.3, 2020: 22.8, 2019: 24.4, 2018: 24.4 region: malaysia, 2022: 21.2, 2021: 17.8, 2020: 18.7, 2019: 19.3, 2018: 19.4 region: thailand, 2022: 22.5, 2021: 19.2, 2020: 20.8, 2019: 24.6, 2018: 24.2 region: vietnam, 2022: 0.6, 2021: 0.6, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - region: greater china, 2022: 5.3, 2021: 5.9, 2020: 5.7, 2019: 5.8, 2018: 6.0 region: overseas branches, 2022: 2.0, 2021: 1.7, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - region: total , 2022: 135.3, 2021: 129.4, 2020: 133.9, 2019: 137.7, 2018: 138.4 table end.
table: purchased renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates gigawatt-hours 2022: 133.3, 2021: 127.7 table end.
table: energy use intensity kilowatt-hours per m² of floor space : excluding data centers, 2022: 157.3, 2021: 159.8, 2020: 174.5, 2019: 182.8, 2018: 188.8 : including data centers, 2022: 218.4, 2021: 230.8, 2020: 249.5, 2019: 251.9, 2018: 254.4 table end.
table: greenhouse gas greenhouse gas emissions thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent scope 1: refrigerants, 2022: 2.5, 2021: 1.1 scope 1: fuel combustion, 2022: 0.3, 2021: 0.4 scope 1: owned/leased vehicles, 2022: 2.9, 2021: 2.8 scope 1: total , 2022: 5.8, 2021: 4.3 table end.
notes: 20. the acquisition of citigroup's consumer banking businesses in malaysia and thailand was completed in november 2022. figures computed for 2022 excluded relevant citigroup data for better comparison purposes.
29. data for 2018 to 2020 were restated due to the refinement of our data collection methodologies and for consistency of application across the group.
30. comprises data from our operations in singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, greater china including mainland china and hong kong as well as overseas branches, unless otherwise stated.
data for vietnam and overseas branches were included from 2021 onwards.
data collection for fuel consumption and scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions across the group started in 2021. 31. renewable energy certificates were redeemed for our key markets singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam and greater china . 32. emissions factors are converted to co₂ equivalent, which includes co₂, ch₄ and n₂o factors, using the uk department for business, energy & industrial strategy defra - 2022 v1.1 ar4 applied for fugitive gas and stationary fuels emissions, and the iea 2022 v1.1 ar4 applied for grid electricity generated emissions.
33. scope 1 emissions include direct carbon emissions from vehicle fleet diesel and petrol consumption, natural gas and steam from our overseas branches, backup diesel generators, and fugitive gas emissions from refrigerants including r-22, r-32, r-134, r410a and r407c.
sustainability in numbers scope 2 location-based location: singapore, 2022: 24.2, 2021: 24.3, 2020: 25.5, 2019: 24.6, 2018: 24.9 location: indonesia, 2022: 15.9, 2021: 16.3, 2020: 17.4, 2019: 18.7, 2018: 18.7 location: malaysia, 2022: 13.8, 2021: 11.8, 2020: 12.4, 2019: 12.8, 2018: 12.9 location: thailand, 2022: 10.6, 2021: 8.9, 2020: 9.7, 2019: 11.4, 2018: 11.3 location: vietnam, 2022: 0.4, 2021: 0.4, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - location: greater china, 2022: 3.3, 2021: 3.8, 2020: 3.7, 2019: 3.7, 2018: 3.9 location: overseas branches, 2022: 1.1, 2021: 1.0, 2020: -, 2019: -, 2018: - location: total , 2022: 69.3, 2021: 66.6, 2020: 68.8, 2019: 71.3, 2018: 71.7 table end.
scope 2 market-based 34 : total , 2022: 1.1, 2021: 1.0, 2020: 68.8, 2019: 71.3, 2018: 71.7 table end.
scope 3 35 : air travel 36 , 2022: 4.0, 2021: 0.6, 2020: 1.5, 2019: 11.6, 2018: 10.3 : total scope 1, scope 2 market-based and scope 3 , 2022: 10.9, 2021: 6.0, 2020: 70.3, 2019: 82.9, 2018: 82.0 table end.
carbon offsets retired: 10.9 2022 , 6.0 2021 greenhouse gas emissions intensity kilograms co₂e per m² of floor space 30 : scope 2 location-based excluding data centres, 2022: 84.3, 2021: 86.8, 2020: 94.0, 2019: 99.1, 2018: 102.0 : scope 2 location-based including data centres, 2022: 112.1, 2021: 119.1, 2020: 128.2, 2019: 130.4, 2018: 131.7 : scope 1 and 2 location-based including data centres, 2022: 121.1, 2021: 126.7, 2020: 131.0, 2019: 151.7, 2018: 150.7 table end.
waste total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste 37 : total , 2022: 2,585, 2021: 2,153, 2020: 1,540, 2019: 2,115, 2018: 1,754 : recycled : plastics and other waste 38 , 2022: 40, 2021: 66, 2020: 3, 2019: 3, 2018: 15 : electronic equipment 39 , 2022: 66, 2021: 46, 2020: 43, 2019: 6, 2018: 14 : paper and cardboard, 2022: 733, 2021: 556, 2020: 573, 2019: 527, 2018: 580 : total , 2022: 839, 2021: 668, 2020: 618, 2019: 537, 2018: 609 table end.
notes: 30 comprises data from our operations in singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, greater china including mainland china and hong kong as well as overseas branches, unless otherwise stated.
data for vietnam and overseas branches were included from 2021 onwards.
data collection for fuel consumption and scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions across the group started in 2021. 34 residual emissions not offset by renewable energy certificates, primarily arising from overseas branches' scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
35 the method used takes into account the impact of radiative forcing, as well as well-to-tank emissions resulting from the production and transportation of fuels.
36 includes domestic and international air travel in our key markets singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam and greater china and south korea.
data for vietnam and south korea were included from 2021 and 2022 respectively.
data for other overseas branches were excluded as they are assessed to be immaterial.
the data is computed using the distance-based method, in accordance to the ticket class, using data from the uk department for environment, food & rural affairs defra - 2022. 37 comprises data from our operations in singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam and greater china including mainland china and hong kong . data for branches and offices in our key markets were included from 2021 onwards.
data for overseas branches were excluded as they were assessed to be immaterial.
38 data for other waste include diverted wet waste from our operations in mainland china since 2021. 39 data for 2022 comprise our key markets singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, greater china including mainland china and hong kong , while data for 2021 comprise singapore, malaysia and mainland china.
data for 2018 to 2020 comprise only singapore.
sustainability in numbers disposed table: waste disposal data 2018-2022 year: 2022, landfilled: 878, waste-to-energy incineration: 868, total: 1,746, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 2.8 year: 2021, landfilled: 733, waste-to-energy incineration: 751, total: 1,484, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 2.7 year: 2020, landfilled: 311, waste-to-energy incineration: 611, total: 922, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 3.6 year: 2019, landfilled: 320, waste-to-energy incineration: 1,258, total: 1,578, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 6.1 year: 2018, landfilled: 259, waste-to-energy incineration: 886, total: 1,145, overall waste disposal intensity kilograms of disposed waste per m² of floor space : 4.4 table end.
water consumption thousand cubic meters table: water consumption data 2018-2022 year: 2022, total: 497.6, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 0.8 year: 2021, total: 404.6, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 0.7 year: 2020, total: 467.4, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 0.9 year: 2019, total: 567.3, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 1.0 year: 2018, total: 528.4, overall water consumption intensity cubic meters of water per m² of floor space : 1.0 table end.
third-party water withdrawal table: third-party water withdrawal data 2018-2022 year: 2022, singapore: 179.4, indonesia non-water-stressed region : 13.3, indonesia water-stressed region : 71.5, malaysia: 97.0, thailand non-water-stressed region : 3.9, thailand water-stressed region : 85.3, vietnam: 4.0, greater china: 15.2, overseas branches: 14.9, total: 484.4 year: 2021, singapore: 141.1, indonesia non-water-stressed region : 80.6, indonesia water-stressed region : -, malaysia: 68.5, thailand non-water-stressed region : 93.5, thailand water-stressed region : -, vietnam: -, greater china: -, overseas branches: -, total: 404.6 year: 2020, singapore: 173.2, indonesia non-water-stressed region : 96.0, indonesia water-stressed region : -, malaysia: 65.0, thailand non-water-stressed region : 113.9, thailand water-stressed region : -, vietnam: -, greater china: 19.3, overseas branches: -, total: 467.4 year: 2019, singapore: 224.4, indonesia non-water-stressed region : 112.2, indonesia water-stressed region : -, malaysia: 81.8, thailand non-water-stressed region : 129.6, thailand water-stressed region : -, vietnam: -, greater china: 19.3, overseas branches: -, total: 567.3 year: 2018, singapore: 219.2, indonesia non-water-stressed region : 89.4, indonesia water-stressed region : -, malaysia: 75.9, thailand non-water-stressed region : 123.1, thailand water-stressed region : -, vietnam: -, greater china: 20.8, overseas branches: -, total: 528.4 table end.
groundwater withdrawal table: groundwater withdrawal data 2018-2022 year: 2022, indonesia non-water-stressed region : 0.3, indonesia water-stressed region : 12.8, thailand non-water-stressed region : -, thailand water-stressed region : -, total: 13.2 year: 2021, indonesia non-water-stressed region : -, indonesia water-stressed region : -, thailand non-water-stressed region : -, thailand water-stressed region : -, total: - year: 2020, indonesia non-water-stressed region : -, indonesia water-stressed region : -, thailand non-water-stressed region : -, thailand water-stressed region : -, total: - year: 2019, indonesia non-water-stressed region : -, indonesia water-stressed region : -, thailand non-water-stressed region : -, thailand water-stressed region : -, total: - year: 2018, indonesia non-water-stressed region : -, indonesia water-stressed region : -, thailand non-water-stressed region : -, thailand water-stressed region : -, total: - table end.
notes: comprises data from our operations in singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, greater china including mainland china and hong kong as well as overseas branches.
data for vietnam and overseas branches were included from 2021 and 2022 respectively.
data for 2022 include a breakdown of municipal water and well water withdrawal amounts, in both water-stressed and non-water-stressed areas.
only indonesia and thailand were identified with areas with water stress.
water stress was assessed using world resources institute's aqueduct water risk atlas tool, which defines 'stress' as more than 40 per cent at risk.
we have only identified our operational assets located within indonesia's java province water-stressed region that are still withdrawing water from well sources.
sustainability in numbers purchased paper total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste 41 year: 2022, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 520, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 834, total: 1,354 year: 2021, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 570, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,074, total: 1,644 year: 2020, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 619, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,161, total: 1,779 year: 2019, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 755, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,503, total: 2,259 year: 2018, fsc-certified or equivalent 42 : 586, non-fsc-certified or equivalent: 1,459, total: 2,045 table end.
community stewardship metric: monetary contributions $ million , 2022: 9.2, 2021: 6.2, 2020: 6.3, 2019: 5.4, 2018: 5.1 metric: average volunteer hours of training per employee per employee 43 , 2022: 1.6, 2021: 1.3, 2020: 0.7, 2019: 2.2, 2018: 2.0 table end.
notes: 41. comprises data from our operations in singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam and greater china including mainland china and hong kong . data for vietnam were included from 2021 onwards.
includes office paper for printers and non-office paper pre-printed envelopes and letterheads used at our offices and branches.
42. includes fsc 100%, fsc mixed and pefc-certified paper.
43. volunteer hours of training per employee were lower in 2021 and 2020 as a result of covid-19-related restrictions.
climate scenario analysis methodology our approach we employ climate scenario analysis models to assess the impact of both transition and physical climate risk on our risk profile and business strategies, as well as resilience of our corporate borrowers to financial losses under a range of outcomes.
these models translate the transition risk impacts of policy and legal changes, technological advancements and demand-supply shifts associated with a particular climate scenario to key financial drivers of a business.
at the same time, impacts of acute physical events, such as floods, typhoons, heat waves, cold waves and forest fires, and chronic climate pattern changes, such as sea level rise and land subsidence, are converted into additional business costs and expenses.
we used this bottom-up approach, which enables us to holistically assess climate risk impacts at the individual borrower level, to conduct the climate stress test as part of the monetary authority of singapore's 2022 industry-wide stress test exercise.
we have developed four sector-specific models and one general emissions model.
the sector-specific models are designed to incorporate more differentiated dynamics across real economy sectors.
for example, power is typically produced and distributed in national or regional-level markets, thus subject to more localised dynamics.
its price and production volume tend to be more controlled in fully-regulated markets, such as malaysia and indonesia, while sensitive to competitive forces in unregulated markets, such as singapore.
in addition to requisite data on borrowers' financials, carbon emissions scopes 1, 2 and 3 , carbon prices and asset locations, sector-specific models therefore require further data inputs such as fuel mix, generation volume, electricity price and market electricity capacity in the case of companies in the power generation sector.
climate stress test models used in various sectors : a diagram showing sector-specific models used for oil and gas, power generation, palm oil, and steel.
: a diagram showing the general emissions model used for agriculture, transportation, construction, and heavy industry.
the general emissions and sector-specific models share a common underlying assessment methodology.
in these models, the abovementioned data sets are used to project the climate risk impact on borrowers' financials under various climate scenarios via key financial drivers.
the financial impact would then be translated into changes in the borrowers' credit rating over the forecast time horizon up to 2050. due to data challenges, this bottom-up modelling is performed for a representative sample of borrowers from each industry segment and the insights derived from the analysis are then extrapolated to the rest of the borrowers in the sector.
climate scenario analysis methodology climate scenario assessment methodology the diagram shows a seven-step process.
step 1 involves scenario selection and adjustment, considering transition and physical risk scenarios.
step 2 establishes assumptions.
step 3 analyzes counterparty's financial, operational, and emissions profiles.
step 4 calculates reinstatement expenses.
step 5 performs a bottom-up analysis of select samples.
step 6 determines risk estimates, including credit ratings.
finally, step 7 extrapolates portfolio data.
step 1: selection of climate scenarios and corresponding scenario variables climate scenarios are typically constructed using scientific data and methodologies by reputable international organisations, such as the network for greening the financial system ngfs , the international energy agency iea , and the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc . these organisations facilitate better comparability and consistency across industries.
each climate scenario is a simplified representation of how the global economy would evolve under a set of climatic conditions, economic and climate policy assumptions.
a transition risk scenario provides information to assess the impact of the transition to a low-carbon economy e.grams., gdp trajectory, inflation, property prices . a physical risk scenario defines possible climate consequences from increased greenhouse gas emissions e.grams., likelihood, frequency, and magnitude of climate events . climate scenario analysis methodology step 2: determination of assumptions general and sector-specific model assumptions are determined by subject-matter experts and supported by available literature and market insights.
generally, we assume that companies will react rationally to economic and market conditions introduced by scenarios so as to minimise cost and to remain competitive and profitable.
for example, companies would seek to pass through any cost increases to the extent possible depending on the price elasticity of demand of the sector it operates in.
they are also assumed to distribute profits in excess of the amount required for reinvestment to their shareholders.
step 3: counterparty data collection financial, emissions and activities data of sampled companies are obtained from various sources, prioritising information directly acquired from our customers.
where direct information is not available, proxies or secondary data from credible third-party data providers serve as alternatives.
step 4: projection of scenario-adjusted financial drivers changes in the key financial drivers are projected based on the counterparty's starting position and the expected impact on its business as per the scenario.
for example, the models incorporate the effects of: carbon tax increase on a company's cost of production due to its direct emissions and indirectly through carbon tax pass-through from their upstream supply chain, which in turn impacts the price and volume of goods sold; changes in consumption patterns on the volume of demand; investment needed to decarbonise on borrowers' balance sheet strength, which determines its ability to grow; and damage and disruption due to climate physical hazards on the company's revenue and operational costs.
step 5: development of scenario-adjusted financial statements based on key drivers financial statements, including balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement, are then stressed based on changes in the key financial drivers.
step 6: counterparty's credit rating using uob's internal credit rating models credit rating for each sampled counterparty over the forecast horizon is obtained using the stressed financial statements.
step 7: extrapolation of bottom-up analysis results to the wider portfolio due to its data-intensive nature, the bottom-up analysis is not expected to cover the entire portfolio.
instead, it is used to generate results for select samples in each sector.
insights from the bottom-up stress-testing analysis are used to identify the sector-specific risk drivers, which are then used to extrapolate the stress-testing analysis to the remaining companies in the portfolio.
methodology limitations while the methodology for climate scenario analysis has progressed rapidly in the last few years, it is still at a relatively nascent stage of development and the scarcity of data and modelling limitations remain key challenges.
in particular: scenario design: our analysis was conducted based on the second phase of climate scenarios and parameters developed by ngfs, which had yet to incorporate the latest data and physical impacts.
in addition, as the parameters were insufficiently granular, further assumptions were needed to better reflect localised conditions and sub-sector differentiation.
in recognition of the limitations, ngfs has been proactively improving and updating its scenarios since launch and, in september 2022, published the third edition of its climate scenarios.
the latest ngfs scenarios will be able to provide greater sector granularity and cover projected gdp losses from certain extreme weather events, with focus on cyclones and river floods, in addition to chronic physical risk.
climate scenario analysis methodology long-term assessment horizon: to account for the long-term build-up of climate impacts, climate scenario analysis extends to a time horizon of 30 years, which is much longer than in traditional stress tests, as well as a typical business planning horizon.
this introduces a higher degree of complexity and uncertainty from potential changes in the pace of technology advancement, geopolitical and demographic shifts and occurrence of climate tipping points.
in addition, credit rating and natural catastrophe models are calibrated to forecast over the short term and not over the decades-long time horizon required for climate scenario analysis.
incorporation of second-round effects: scenario analysis does not capture potential non-linearities and second-round effects, such as losses borne by insurance companies and costs of adaptation measures introduced to limit losses.
this may therefore understate the climate exposure and vulnerabilities.
data availability and quality: data limitations, especially for small- and medium-sized enterprises, restrict the ability to scale up the analysis to cover more customers.
the resulting bias towards larger borrowers may have implications on the portfolio extrapolation.
even for some large corporates, emissions, energy and land use data required for climate stress-testing are scarce.
we expect continued focus in this area with the financial stability board calling for greater cross-border cooperation on scenario design, modelling approaches, data and developing guidelines for scenario analysis.
we will continue to collaborate closely with the industry and regulators to address these limitations and progressively strengthen our climate risk scenario analysis approach.
uob sustainability report 2022 127 recognition and awards awards received by uob in 2022: cpa australia, national university of singapore business school's centre for governance and sustainability nus cgs , and singapore institute of directors sid : asean corporate governance scorecard 2022; asean asset class singapore; asean top 20 publicly-listed companies; singapore top 3 publicly-listed companies.
sid and the business times: singapore corporate awards 2022, gold for best risk management award for singapore-listed companies in large market cap category.
national volunteer & philanthropy centre: champion of good 2022. stewardship asia centre: steward leadership 25 2022 . the asset: triple a esg corporate awards 2022, jade award.
asia asset management: best of the best country awards 2022 best investor education and best institutional house in brunei . asian banking & finance: retail banking awards 2022 silver for esg program of the year . asiamoney: best bank awards 2022 best bank for csr in indonesia . bloomberg: 2023 bloomberg gender-equality index.
building and construction authority: green mark for healthier workplaces awards 2022 one platinum and two goldplus green mark for uob-owned and managed offices in singapore . central singapore community development council: excellence for people's association community spirit award.
china philanthropy festival 2023: best social responsibility of brand.
coalition greenwich: greenwich quality leader in indonesia; greenwich share leader 2022 ranked third in asean excluding singapore and second in singapore . community chest: pinnacle award; charity platinum award; volunteer partner award.
cpa australia, nus cgs and sid: singapore governance and transparency index sgti 2022 fourth among singapore publicly-listed companies general category . energy risk: asia awards 2022 environmental products house of the year for uob asset management . // placeholder for logo/image related to awards recognition and awards forrester singapore customer experience index cx index™ 2022 best customer experience among banking and insurance brands great place to work great place to work certification 2022 for uob china hong kong arts development council award for arts sponsorship hr asia media best companies to work for in asia 2022 singapore edition human resources online hr excellence award 2022 silver for diversity and inclusion, and hr innovation infocomm media development authority asia-pacific economic cooperation cross border privacy rules certification data protection trustmark certification international finance most innovative digital bank in indonesia, singapore and thailand 2022 marketing interactive excellence awards 2022 silver for excellence in corporate social responsibility national arts council distinguished patron of the arts award retail banker international excellence in talent management 2022 sg enable the enabling mark platinum accreditation singapore police force spf community partnership awards individual community partnership awards organisation plaque received from the deputy commissioner of police investigation & intelligence at the 8th alliance of public private cybercrime stakeholders networking session spf and singapore civil defence force national safety and security watch group outstanding individual awards for uob plaza 1, uob plaza 2, uob alexandra building and uob tampines centre the asset triple a private capital awards 2022 best wealth manager for impact investing in asia and singapore triple a country awards for sustainable finance 2022 best bond adviser in asean the digital banker digital cx awards 2022 best hybrid customer experience - branch global retail banking innovation awards 2022 highly acclaimed, best atm innovation award best robo advisory initiative best digital bank in southeast asia, singapore and thailand the institute of banking and finance singapore ibf ibf inspire award 2022 the saigon times csr awards 2022 certificate of recognition world hrd congress global hr excellence awards 2022 awards for talent management, best workplace practices and organisation with best employee relations esg ratings table: esg ratings 2022 rating agency: cdp, category: climate change, 2022: b, 2021: c rating agency: s&p global, category: esg score, 2022: 58, 2021: 58 rating agency: msci, category: esg rating, 2022: aa, 2021: aa rating agency: sustainalytics, category: esg risk rating, 2022: 19.8 low risk , 2021: 19.7 low risk table end.
memberships advisory panel for cyber youth singapore member alliance of public private cybercrime stakeholders active member anti-money laundering/countering the financing of terrorism industry partnership in singapore steering committee member anti-corruption partnership network member asean bankers' association interoperable data taskforce chair asia investor group on climate change member uob asset management uobam asia securities industry & financial markets association member asia sustainable finance initiative collaborator association of certified fraud examiners corporate alliance member association of investment management companies thailand 's esg committee secretary-general and member uobam bank negara malaysia's climate change principle-based taxonomy implementation group member uobam bank negara malaysia's joint committee on climate change member uobam brunei capital market associations member uobam ceres' valuing water finance initiative member uobam equator principles signatory financial services information sharing and analysis center participant glasgow financial alliance for net zero member greennode technical advisory group member uobam investment management association of singapore member uobam monetary authority of singapore mas green finance industry taskforce risk management workstream: member green and sustainable trade finance solutions working group: member mas veritas consortium founding member net-zero banking alliance signatory operating principles for impact management signatory uob venture management uobvm safety and security watch group member principles for responsible investment signatory uobam, uobvm and uob global capital sgtradex founding member singapore national employers federation member singapore stewardship principles for responsible investors supporter uobam and uobvm task force on climate-related financial disclosures supporter the association of banks in singapore chair culture and conduct steering group: member standing committee on cyber security: chair standing committee on data management: chair standing committee on fraud: member standing committee on tax: chair the institute of banking and finance singapore member united nations global compact signatory world wildlife fund respond participant uobam gri content index statement of use united overseas bank limited uob has reported in accordance with the gri standards for the period 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022. gri 1 used gri 1: foundation 2021 applicable gri sector standard s not applicable general disclosures gri standard/other source: gri 2: general disclosures 2021, disclosure: 2-1 organisational details, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: about uob page 4-7, 163 disclosure: 2-2 entities included in the organisation's sustainability reporting, disclosure reference and/or response: about this report page 1 uob annual report 2022: notes to the financial statements page 163-165 , international network page 254-259 disclosure: 2-3 reporting period, frequency and contact point, disclosure reference and/or response: uob completed the acquisition of citigroup's consumer banking businesses in malaysia and thailand in november 2022. we have included relevant information arising from the acquisition in our reporting, with the exception of data in relation to employees and our direct environmental impact.
about this report page 1 disclosure: 2-4 restatements of information, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 111-123 disclosure: 2-5 external assurance, disclosure reference and/or response: external assurance page 154-168 disclosure: 2-6 activities, value chain and other business relationships, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: about uob page 4-7 economic contributions page 24-25 sustainable procurement page 102-103 disclosure: 2-7 employees, disclosure reference and/or response: there were no significant changes during the reporting period.
disclosure: 2-8 workers who are not employees, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 113-119 disclosure: 2-9 governance structure and composition, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 115 disclosure: 2-10 nomination and selection of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability governance page 14 uob annual report 2022: board of directors page 12-16 , corporate governance page 94-123 disclosure: 2-11 chair of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 99-104 disclosure: 2-12 role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 99 uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 95 sustainability strategy page 10 sustainability governance page 14 material esg factors page 18 sustainable banking page 43-44 governance and risk culture page 85-86 table end.
gri content index table: gri standard disclosure and reference gri standard/other source: 2-13, disclosure: delegation of responsibility for managing impacts, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 94-123 sustainability governance page 14 sustainable banking page 43-44 gri standard/other source: 2-14, disclosure: role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability governance page 14 material esg factors page 18 sustainable banking page 43-44 gri standard/other source: 2-15, disclosure: conflicts of interest, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 97-99 gri standard/other source: 2-16, disclosure: communication of critical concerns, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 97-99 gri standard/other source: 2-17, disclosure: collective knowledge of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 96, 104 sustainability governance page 14-15 gri standard/other source: 2-18, disclosure: evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 102-103 gri standard/other source: 2-19, disclosure: remuneration policies, disclosure reference and/or response: uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 104-111 gri standard/other source: 2-20, disclosure: process to determine remuneration, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability governance page 15 uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 104-111 gri standard/other source: 2-21, disclosure: annual total compensation ratio, disclosure reference and/or response: we do not disclose this due to confidentiality constraints.
gri standard/other source: 2-22, disclosure: statement on sustainable development strategy, disclosure reference and/or response: deputy chairman and ceo's statement page 4-5 sustainability strategy page 10 gri standard/other source: 2-23, disclosure: policy commitments, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainable banking page 26-54 fair dealing page 56-58 data privacy and governance page 59-61 talent development and inclusion page 71-78 gri standard/other source: 2-24, disclosure: embedding policy commitments, disclosure reference and/or response: workplace, safety health and well-being page 79-83 governance and risk culture page 85-88 regulatory compliance page 89-92 information security page 93-94 table end.
gri content index gri standard/other source : 2-25 processes to remediate negative impacts, disclosure reference and/or response : stakeholder engagement 16-17 gri standard/other source : 2-26 mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns, disclosure reference and/or response : fair dealing page 56-58 data privacy and governance page 59-61 customer experience page 62-64 talent development and inclusion page 72, 76 workplace safety, health and well-being page 79 governance and risk culture page 86 regulatory compliance page 89-91 gri standard/other source : 2-27 compliance with laws and regulations, disclosure reference and/or response : fair dealing page 56-58 data privacy and governance page 59-61 regulatory compliance page 89-92 gri standard/other source : 2-28 membership associations, disclosure reference and/or response : memberships page 130 uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 118 stakeholder engagement page 16-17 gri standard/other source : 2-29 approach to stakeholder engagement, disclosure reference and/or response : material esg factors page 18 talent development and inclusion page 72 table end.
material topics economic contributions gri 3: material topics 2021 : gri 201: economic performance 2016, topics : 201-1 direct economic value generated and distributed, economic contributions page 24-25 : economic contributions page 24-25 sustainability in numbers page 111 gri 3: material topics 2021 : gri 204: procurement practices 2016, topics : 204-1 proportion of spending on local suppliers, economic contributions page 24-25 : economic contributions page 24 sustainability in numbers page 111 gri 3: material topics 2021 : gri 207: tax 2019, topics : 207-1 approach to tax 207-2 tax governance, control, and risk management 207-3 stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax 207-4 country-by-country reporting, economic contributions page 24-25 : stakeholder engagement page 16-17 economic contributions page 24-25 table end.
uob submits country-by-country reporting cbcr to the inland revenue authority of singapore, as well as in country ies where there are no multilateral competent authority agreement with singapore to exchange cbcr reports.
gri content index gri standard/other source: sustainable banking gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainable banking page 26-54 gri standard/other source: gri 201: economic performance 2016, disclosure: 201-2 financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change gri standard/other source: gri 203: indirect economic impacts 2016, disclosure: 203-1 infrastructure investments and services supported 203-2 significant indirect economic impacts, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainable banking page 29-32 sustainable banking page 26-54 gri standard/other source: gri 413: local communities 2016, disclosure: 413-1 operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programmes, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability strategy page 13 sustainable banking page 26-29, 35-39, 42, 45-51 regulatory compliance page 89 gri standard/other source: gri g4 financial services sector disclosures: product portfolio, disclosure: fs6 percentage of the portfolio for business lines by specific region, size e.grams. micro/sme/large and by sector fs7 monetary value of products and services designed to deliver a specific social benefit for each business line broken down by purpose fs8 monetary value of products and services designed to deliver a specific environmental benefit for each business line broken down by purpose, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 111 uob annual report 2022: financial highlights page 30-31 sustainable banking page 30-39 sustainability in numbers page 111-113 gri standard/other source: gri g4 financial services sector disclosures: active ownership, disclosure: fs10 percentage and number of companies held in the institution’s portfolio with which the reporting organisation has interacted on environmental or social issues fs11 percentage of assets subject to positive and negative environmental or social screening, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainable banking page 35 sustainability in numbers page 112 sustainable banking page 26-29, 34-36 table end.
gri content index gri standard/other source: fair dealing gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, disclosure reference and/or response: fair dealing page 56-58 gri standard/other source: gri 206: anti-competitive behaviour 2016, disclosure: 206-1 legal actions for anti-competitive behaviour, anti-trust, and monopoly practices, disclosure reference and/or response: there were no complaints in connection with anti-competitive behaviour in singapore or other international locations in which uob operates.
uob has also not breached any applicable anti-trust and monopoly legislation in singapore or overseas during the reporting period.
gri standard/other source: gri 417: marketing and labeling 2016, disclosure: 417-1 requirements for product and service information and labeling 417-2 incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling 417-3 incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications, disclosure reference and/or response: fair dealing page 56-58 gri standard/other source: data privacy and governance gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, disclosure reference and/or response: data privacy and governance page 59-61 gri standard/other source: gri 418: customer privacy 2016, disclosure: 418-1 substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data, disclosure reference and/or response: data privacy and governance page 60 gri standard/other source: customer experience gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, disclosure reference and/or response: customer experience page 62-65 gri standard/other source: financial inclusion gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, disclosure reference and/or response: financial inclusion page 66-69 gri standard/other source: gri g4 financial services sector disclosures: local communities, disclosure: fs13 access points in low-populated or economically disadvantaged areas by type fs14 initiatives to improve access to financial services for disadvantaged people table end.
gri content index gri standard/other source: talent development and inclusion gri standard/other source: gri 3: material topics 2021, disclosure: 3-3 management of material topics, disclosure reference and/or response: talent development and inclusion page 71-78 gri standard/other source: gri 202: market presence 2016, disclosure: 202-2 proportion of senior management hired from the local community, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 115 gri standard/other source: gri 401: employment 2016, disclosure: 401-1 new employee hires and employee turnover 401-3 parental leave, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 116-119 sustainability in numbers page 119 gri standard/other source: gri 404: training and education 2016, disclosure: 404-1 average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee 404-2 programmes for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programmes 404-3 percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews, disclosure reference and/or response: sustainability in numbers page 119 sustainability governance page 15 sustainable banking page 42 talent development and inclusion page 75, 78 uob annual report 2022: fostering employee pride through care, growth and trust page 87-89 gri standard/other source: gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016, disclosure: 405-1 diversity of governance bodies and employees, disclosure reference and/or response: talent development and inclusion page 74-75 gri standard/other source: gri 407: freedom of association and collective bargaining 2016, disclosure: 407-1 operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk, disclosure reference and/or response: talent development and inclusion page 71-74 governance and risk culture page 86-87 sustainability in numbers page 113-117 table end.
as at 31 december 2022, our board of directors comprised 77.8 per cent men and 22.2 per cent women.
all of them were above 50 years old.
talent development and inclusion page 72 gri content index workplace safety, health and well-being gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics 403-1: occupational health and safety management system.
workplace safety, health and well-being page 79-83 403-2: hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation.
workplace safety, health and well-being page 79-80, 82 403-3: occupational health services.
workplace safety, health and well-being page 79-82 403-6: promotion of worker health.
403-7: prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships.
governance and risk culture gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics governance and risk culture page 85-88 uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 94-123 , risk management page 124-143 regulatory compliance gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics 205-1: operations assessed for risks related to corruption.
regulatory compliance page 89-92 205-2: communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures.
regulatory compliance page 92 205-3: confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken.
information security gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics information security page 93-94 direct environmental impact gri 3: material topics 2021 3-3 management of material topics 302-1: energy consumption within the organisation.
direct environmental impact page 95-101 302-3: energy intensity.
direct environmental impact page 95-98, 101 sustainability in numbers page 120 302-4: reduction of energy consumption.
303-5: water consumption.
direct environmental impact page 100-101 sustainability in numbers page 122 gri content index gri standard/other source : gri 305: emissions 2016, disclosure : 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions 305-2 energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 305-3 other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions 305-4 greenhouse gas emissions intensity, disclosure reference and/or response : direct environmental impact page 96-99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 120-121 gri standard/other source : gri 306: waste 2020, disclosure : 306-1 waste generation and significant waste-related impacts 306-2 management of significant waste-related impacts 306-3 waste generated 306-4 waste diverted from disposal 306-5 waste directed to disposal, disclosure reference and/or response : direct environmental impact page 99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 121-122 talent development and inclusion page 78 direct environmental impact page 99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 121-122 direct environmental impact page 99, 101 sustainability in numbers page 121-122 uob does not generate hazardous waste in our operations and as such, does not divert any from nor direct to disposal.
sustainable procurement gri 3: material topics 2021: gri 407: freedom of association and collective bargaining 2016, 3-3 management of material topics: 407-1 operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk, sustainable procurement page 102-103 : sustainable procurement page 102 table end.
community stewardship we are politically neutral and have a longstanding policy of not making contributions to political parties or campaigns in any country in which we operate.
in 2022, we did not make any contributions to or spending for political campaigns, political organisations, lobbyists or lobbying organisations.
appendix sustainability accounting standards board sasb index¹ indicator code : fn-cb-230a.1 1 number of data breaches, 2 percentage involving personally identifiable information, 3 number of account holders affected, disclosure reference and/or response : data privacy and governance page 60 information security page 93 there were no material issues related to data confidentiality and privacy, and information security during the reporting period.
indicator code : fn-cb-230a.2 description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, disclosure reference and/or response : sustainability strategy page 12 material esg factors page 20, 22 data privacy and governance page 59-61 information security page 93-94 indicator code : fn-cb-240a.1 amount of loans qualified to programmes designed to promote small businesses², disclosure reference and/or response : financial inclusion page 67 indicator code : fn-cb-240a.2 amount of non-performing loans qualified to programmes designed to promote small businesses², disclosure reference and/or response : sustainability in numbers page 113 indicator code : fn-cb-240a.4 number of participants in financial literacy initiatives for unbanked, underbanked, or underserved customers, disclosure reference and/or response : fair dealing page 58 financial inclusion page 68 community stewardship page 107 indicator code : fn-cb-410a.1 commercial and industrial credit exposure, by industry, disclosure reference and/or response : uob annual report 2022: notes to the financial statements page 237-238 sustainable banking page 26-29 indicator code : fn-cb-510a.1 total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with fraud, insider trading, anti-trust, anti-competitive behaviour, market manipulation, malpractice, or other related financial industry laws or regulations, disclosure reference and/or response : regulatory compliance page 92 gri content index page 135 there were: no reported cases of significant non-compliance with relevant anti-bribery/corruption laws; no confirmed cases of bribery/corruption; no complaints in connection with anti-competitive behaviour; no breaches of any applicable anti-trust and monopoly legislation; and no material losses as a result of associated legal proceeds during the reporting period.
¹ certain sasb standards metrics are specific to united states regulations.
these were assessed for relevance to uob's business and activities.
in this report, we omit metrics that are not directly applicable to the local context.
however, we will review the latest sasb standards and reconsider the scope of our reporting on an annual basis.
² metric has been adjusted for relevance to uob's business context.
appendix: sustainability accounting standards board sasb index indicator code : fn-cb-510a.2, description : description of whistle-blower policies and procedures, disclosure reference and/or response : uob annual report 2022: corporate governance page 119 governance and risk culture page 86 regulatory compliance page 89 table end.
systemic risk management fn-cb-550a.1: fn-cb-550a.2, global systemically important bank g-sib score, by category: description of approach to incorporation of results of mandatory and voluntary stress tests into capital adequacy planning, long-term corporate strategy, and other business activities, uob annual report 2022: capital management page 144-145 : uob annual report 2022: risk management and capital management page 124-144 table end.
activity metrics sasb fn-mf: mortgage finance lending practices discriminatory lending activity metrics 2 metric has been adjusted for relevance to uob's business context.
appendix: sustainability accounting standards board sasb index indicator code : fn-cf-220a.2 total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with customer privacy, disclosure reference and/or response : data privacy and governance page 60 information security page 93 there were no material issues related to data confidentiality and privacy, and information security during the reporting period.
indicator code : fn-cf-230a.1 1 number of data breaches, 2 percentage involving personally identifiable information, 3 number of account holders affected, disclosure reference and/or response : data privacy and governance page 60 information security page 93 there were no material issues related to data confidentiality and privacy, and information security during the reporting period.
indicator code : fn-cf-230a.2 card-related fraud losses from 1 card-not-present fraud and 2 card-present and other fraud, disclosure reference and/or response : regulatory compliance page 92 there were no material losses as a result of card-related fraud during the reporting period.
indicator code : fn-cf-230a.3 description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, disclosure reference and/or response : sustainability strategy page 12 material esg factors page 20, 22 data privacy and governance page 59-61 information security page 93-94 indicator code : fn-cf-270a.5 total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with selling and servicing of products, disclosure reference and/or response : fair dealing page 57 there was no material fine, penalty or sanction imposed on uob for such non-compliance during the reporting period.
task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd index tcfd recommendations category: governance , recommendation: a. describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities., disclosure reference page : 14-15, 43 recommendation: b. describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities., disclosure reference page : 14-15, 43-44 category: strategy , recommendation: a. describe the climate-related risks and opportunities identified over the short, medium, and long term., disclosure reference page : 44-49 recommendation: b. describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation's businesses, strategy, and financial planning., disclosure reference page : 6-8, 44-49, 96-98 recommendation: c. describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°c or lower scenario., disclosure reference page : 47-48 category: risk management , recommendation: a. describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks., disclosure reference page : 26-28, 39, 50-51, 124-127 recommendation: b. describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related risks., disclosure reference page : 39, 50-51 recommendation: c. describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk management., disclosure reference page : 50-51 category: metrics and targets , recommendation: a. disclose the metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities, in line with strategy and risk management process., disclosure reference page : 6-8, 52-53, 96-99 recommendation: b. disclose scope 1, scope 2, and if appropriate scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks., disclosure reference page : 6, 99, 120-121 recommendation: c. describe the targets used to manage climate-related risks and opportunities, and performance against targets., disclosure reference page : 6-8, 52-53, 96-99 table end.
appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 1 no poverty , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 1.1 eradicate extreme poverty for all people everywhere 1.2 reduce the proportion of men, women and children living in poverty 1.4 ensure equal rights to economic resources, basic services, natural resources, appropriate new technology and financial services, including microfinance 1.a ensure significant mobilisation of resources to provide adequate and predictable means for programmes and policies to end poverty in all its dimensions, material esg factor : sustainable banking community stewardship sustainable banking financial inclusion community stewardship sustainable banking financial inclusion global goals : 2 zero hunger , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 2.1 ensure access by people, in particular the poor and people in vulnerable situations, to safe, nutritious and sufficient food 2.3 double agricultural productivity and incomes of small-scale food producers through knowledge and financial services 2.4 ensure sustainable food production systems and implement resilient agricultural practices 2.a increase investment in rural infrastructure, agricultural research and extension services, technology development and plant and livestock gene banks in order to enhance agricultural productive capacity in developing countries, material esg factor : community stewardship financial inclusion sustainable banking global goals : 3 good health and well-being , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 3.4 reduce premature mortality from non-communicable diseases through prevention and treatment and to promote mental health and well-being 3.8 achieve health coverage and access to quality essential healthcare services and access to safe, effective, quality and affordable essential medicines and vaccines for all 3.b support the research and development of vaccines and medicines for the communicable and non-communicable diseases 3.c increase health financing and the recruitment, development, training and retention of the health workforce in developing countries, material esg factor : workplace safety, health and well-being community stewardship financial inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being financial inclusion sustainable banking table end.
united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 4 quality education , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 4.1 ensure, equitable and quality primary and secondary education, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 5 gender equality , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 5.1 end all forms of discrimination against all women and girls everywhere, material esg factor : talent development and inclusion sustainable procurement global goals : 6 clean water and sanitation , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 6.3 improve water quality by reducing pollution, halving the proportion of untreated wastewater and increasing recycling and safe reuse globally, material esg factor : direct environmental impact table end.
united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 7 affordable and clean energy, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 7.2 increase share of renewable energy in the global energy mix, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 8 decent work and economic growth, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 8.2 achieve higher levels of economic productivity through diversification, technological upgrading and innovation, including through a focus on high-value added and labour-intensive sectors, material esg factor : sustainable banking material esg factor : sustainable procurement table end.
appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 8.8, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : protect labour rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, material esg factor : sustainable banking talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being global goals : 8.10, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : strengthen capacity of domestic financial institutions to encourage and expand access to banking, insurance and financial services for all, material esg factor : sustainable procurement economic contributions sustainable banking fair dealing financial inclusion global goals : 9.1, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : develop quality, reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure to support economic development and human well-being, material esg factor : sustainable banking data privacy and governance customer experience workplace safety, health and well-being direct environmental impact community stewardship global goals : 9.2, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : promote inclusive and sustainable industrialisation, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 9.3, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : increase access to small-scale industrial and other enterprises to financial services, including affordable credit, and their integration into value chains and markets, material esg factor : sustainable banking direct environmental impact global goals : 9.4, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to make them sustainable, with increased resource-use efficiency and greater adoption of clean and environmentally-sound technologies and industrial processes, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 9.a, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : facilitate sustainable and resilient infrastructure development through enhanced financial, technological and technical support, material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 10.2, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : empower and promote social, economic and political inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion or economic or other status, material esg factor : sustainable banking financial inclusion talent development and inclusion global goals : 10.3, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : ensure equal opportunity and reduce inequalities of outcome, material esg factor : talent development and inclusion global goals : 10.4, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : adopt policies, especially fiscal, wage and social protection policies, and progressively achieve greater equality, material esg factor : talent development and inclusion global goals : 10.5, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : improve the regulation and monitoring of global financial markets and institutions and strengthen the implementation of such regulations, material esg factor : governance and risk culture regulatory compliance global goals : 10.b, global targets toward which we can align our efforts : encourage official development assistance and financial flows, including foreign direct investment, to where the need is greatest, material esg factor : sustainable banking table end.
appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 11 sustainable cities and communities , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 11.2 provide access to safe, affordable, accessible and sustainable transport systems for all.
11.3 enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanisation and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustainable human settlement planning and management.
11.4 strengthen efforts to protect and safeguard the world's cultural and natural heritage.
11.6 reduce adverse per capita environmental impact of cities, including by paying special attention to air quality and municipal and other waste management., material esg factor : sustainable banking sustainable banking sustainable banking community stewardship global goals : 12 responsible consumption and production , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 12.2 achieve sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources.
12.5 reduce waste generation through prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse.
12.6 encourage companies, especially large and transnational companies, to adopt sustainable practices.
12.7 promote sustainable procurement practices in accordance with national policies and priorities.
12.8 ensure that people have the relevant information and awareness for sustainable development and lifestyles in harmony with nature., material esg factor : sustainable banking financial inclusion direct environmental impact direct environmental impact sustainable banking community stewardship sustainable banking sustainable procurement global goals : 13 climate action , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 13.1 strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and natural disasters in all countries.
13.2 integrate climate change measures into policies, strategies and planning.
13.3 improve education, awareness-raising and human and institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction and early warning., material esg factor : sustainable banking sustainable procurement sustainable banking talent development and inclusion community stewardship sustainable banking global goals : 14 life below water , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 14.1 prevent and reduce marine pollution of all kinds, in particular from land-based activities, including marine debris and nutrient pollution., material esg factor : sustainable banking global goals : 15 life on land , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 15.a increase financial resources to conserve and sustainably use biodiversity and ecosystems., material esg factor : sustainable banking sustainable banking direct environmental impact community stewardship table end.
uob sustainability report 2022 147 appendix: united nations sustainable development goals un sdgs index global goals : 16 peace, justice and strong institutions , global targets toward which we can align our efforts : 16.2 end abuse, exploitation, trafficking and all forms of violence against and torture of children 16.3 promote the rule of law at the national and international levels and ensure equal access to justice for all 16.4 reduce illicit financial and arms flows, strengthen the recovery and return of stolen assets and combat all forms of organised crime 16.5 reduction in corruption and bribery in all their forms 16.6 develop effective, accountable and transparent institutions at all levels 16.10 ensure public access to information and protect fundamental freedoms, material esg factor : sustainable procurement regulatory compliance regulatory compliance information security fair dealing data privacy and governance customer experience governance and risk culture regulatory compliance information security direct environmental impact sustainable procurement data privacy and governance information security economic contributions customer experience sustainable banking data privacy and governance financial inclusion talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being regulatory compliance information security community stewardship table end.
united nations global compact ungc ten principles human rights principle: principle 1, description: businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally-proclaimed human rights, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being principle: principle 2, description: make sure that they are not complicit in human rights abuses, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion workplace safety, health and well-being table end.
labour principle: principle 3, description: businesses should uphold the freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy talent development and inclusion principle: principle 4, description: the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labour, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion principle: principle 5, description: the effective abolition of child labour, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking sustainable procurement talent development and inclusion principle: principle 6, description: the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, material esg factor/reference: talent development and inclusion table end.
environment principle: principle 7, description: businesses should support a precautionary approach to environmental challenges, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy sustainable banking sustainable procurement direct environmental impact principle: principle 8, description: undertake initiatives to promote greater environmental responsibility, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking community stewardship principle: principle 9, description: encourage the development and diffusion of environmentally-friendly technologies, material esg factor/reference: sustainable banking table end.
anti-corruption principle: principle 10, description: businesses should work against corruption in all its forms, including extortion and bribery, material esg factor/reference: sustainability strategy regulatory compliance governance and risk culture table end.
glossary anti-money laundering aml combating of money laundering, which refers to the process of masking financial proceeds from criminal conduct such that these proceeds appear to have originated from legitimate source s . asia sustainable finance initiative asfi a multi-stakeholder forum, incubated by world wide fund for nature singapore, that aims to harness and amplify the power of the finance sector to create low carbon, climate resilient economies that deliver on the united nations sustainable development goals and the paris agreement.
brown sectors high carbon-emitting sectors.
carbon dioxide equivalent co₂e the common metric used to compare emissions from the various types of greenhouse gases.
different greenhouse gases have different potential for global warming.
by converting all greenhouse gases to the common measure of total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e, companies are able to be consistent in their measurement and comparison.
for example, one metric ton of methane would be equal to about 25 total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of co₂e, because it has a global warming potential that is approximately 25 times that of one metric ton of carbon dioxide.
climate change and global warming the increase in the average temperature of the earth's climate system, apparent since the mid- to late-20th century.
climate change is attributed primarily to the higher amounts of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere resulting from the burning of fossil fuels, the production of industrial products, livestock farming, crop fertilization and deforestation.
the gases trap heat in the atmosphere and are expected to have a variety of effects on the planet, including sea level rise, droughts and severe weather events.
corruption the abuse of entrusted power for private gain.
credit risk the risk of loss arising from failure by a borrower or counterparty to meet its financial obligations when they are due.
carbon risk real estate monitor crrem a research project funded by the european union that aims to address the downside risk of climate change in the real estate sector by providing appropriate science-based carbon reduction pathways at building, portfolio and company levels and financial risk assessment tools to manage carbon mitigation strategies.
customer satisfaction score css the measurement that determines how satisfied customers are with our products and services and their overall satisfaction based on recent interactions with the bank, on a scale of zero to 10. financial inclusion programmes and initiatives that help individuals and businesses access useful, appropriate and affordable financial products and services that meet their needs for example transactions, payments, savings, credit and insurance and that are delivered in a responsible and sustainable way.
forest stewardship council fsc an international non-profit organisation that promotes responsible management of the world's forests via timber certification.
fraud an act with an element to deceive or conceal facts.
fraud is not restricted to monetary or material benefits.
glasgow financial alliance for net zero gfanz a global coalition of leading financial institutions committed to accelerating the decarbonisation of the economy.
global reporting initiative gri standards a set of internationally-recognised standards that help businesses, governments and other organisations communicate and report their risks and impacts for environmental, social and economic topics.
global warming potential a measure of the amount of heat a greenhouse gas is able to trap in the atmosphere relative to carbon dioxide gas.
green bonds debt instruments with proceeds specifically earmarked for climate and environmental projects.
glossary green finance industry taskforce gfit a taskforce convened by the monetary authority of singapore to establish and propose the taxonomy for singapore-based financial institutions by identifying activities that can be considered green or transitioning towards green.
green loans any type of loan instrument made exclusively to finance or to re-finance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing green projects, in alignment with the loan market association/asia pacific loan market association lma/aplma green loan principles.
green trade facilities any trade and/or working capital facilities made to finance or to re-finance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing green themes and activities and/or relevant industry certifications that are deemed, in alignment with the loan market association/asia pacific loan market association lma/aplma sustainability-linked loan principles.
greenhouse gas emissions gaseous pollutants that absorb infrared radiation and trap heat in the atmosphere.
the primary greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.
greenhouse gas protocol greenhouse gas protocol an international standard created by the world resources institute and the world business council for sustainable development to categorise greenhouse gases into scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions based on the source.
hard-to-abate sectors carbon-intensive sectors that face immense challenges in decarbonisation due to a lack of technologies or high costs.
impact investing the deployment of capital in companies with the deliberate intention of generating positive social and/or environmental benefits alongside, and as a means of, achieving positive financial returns.
intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc the united nations body for assessing the science related to climate change.
islamic/shariah banking a system of banking that complies with islamic law shariah . the underlying principles that govern islamic banking are sustainable circulation of wealth, transparency, stability, assurance of justice and protection of wealth.
in generating profit, islamic banking transactions are based on trading activities and interest-bearing transactions are prohibited.
liquidity risk the risk that arises from the inability to meet financial obligations, or to fund increases in assets as they fall due.
location-based emissions emissions calculated based on the average emissions intensity/factors of the grids on which the energy consumption occurs.
market-based emissions emissions calculations that reflect or include emissions from electricity that the user entity has chosen to purchase, for example, contractual arrangements under which the organisation procures power from specific suppliers or any external sources, such as renewable energy.
market risk the risk of loss from movements in the market rates or prices such as changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices and credit spreads of the underlying asset.
it includes interest rate risk in the banking book which is the potential loss of capital or reduction in earnings due to changes in the interest rates environment.
material environmental, social and governance esg factors environmental, social and governance, as well as economic, factors can impact the risk and return profile of financing and investment decisions, as well as internal operations.
such factors are considered by investors and other stakeholders in assessing and measuring the sustainability of a company and its business activities.
the same factors are considered, in turn, by the company to ensure that stakeholders abide by its values and principles.
glossary material supplier a new, existing or re-contracted supplier that performs a material outsourcing activity which, if disrupted, has the potential to impact business operations significantly or the ability to manage risks effectively.
material suppliers for uob also include those that supply goods and/or services to the bank with an annual spend of $5 million or more.
materiality assessment the methodology by which material esg factors are identified and assessed to have an impact on business and influence on stakeholder decision-making.
microfinancing the provision of financial services to individuals, households and micro-enterprises that are normally excluded from conventional banking services.
mission possible partnership a network of companies, as well as their financiers, customers and suppliers, that drives industrial decarbonisation across the value chains of the resource and transport sectors.
network for greening the financial system ngfs a group of central banks and supervisors that exchanges experiences, shares best practices, contributes to the development of environment and climate risk management in the financial sector, and mobilises mainstream finance to support the transition toward a sustainable economy.
net-zero banking alliance nzba the flagship climate initiative under the united nations principles for responsible banking that was set up to accelerate science-based climate target setting and develop common practice.
net promoter score nps a metric used to measure the likelihood of a customer recommending a company's brand, product or service to others.
the nps is an established worldwide metric used to measure customer loyalty and to predict business growth.
operational risk the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events.
such loss may be in the form of financial loss or other damage, for example, loss of reputation and public confidence that will impact our creditability and/or ability to transact, to maintain liquidity and/or to obtain new business.
partnership for carbon accounting financials pcaf a global partnership of financial institutions that works to develop and implement a harmonised approach to assess and disclose the greenhouse gas emissions associated with their loans and investments.
physical risk physical risks can be acute or chronic.
acute physical risks refer to those that are event driven, including increased severity of extreme weather events, such as cyclones and wildfires.
chronic physical risk arises from longer-term shifts in climate patterns such as rising sea levels with time horizon typically spanning decades.
physical risks can result in financial losses due to direct damage to assets and indirect impact from supply chain disruption.
programme for the endorsement of forest certification pefc an international, non-profit, non-governmental organisation which promotes sustainable forest management through independent third party certification.
responsible financing the integration of esg factors into credit and risk evaluation process for financing activities.
sustainability accounting standards board sasb an independent non-profit organisation that sets standards to help guide corporations in their disclosure of financially material sustainability information to investors.
social bonds debt instruments used to finance or refinance social projects whose purpose is to address a common problem and help those most vulnerable.
scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions direct emissions that originate from operations or assets which are owned or controlled by the organisation including on-site generation of electricity, steam or heat in equipment, travel in cars and other vehicles owned or controlled by the company and hydrofluorocarbons emitted from refrigeration or air-conditioning equipment.
glossary scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions indirect emissions resulting from the generation of grid electricity, heat or steam by an outside organisation, which is utilised by the reporting organisation.
scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions all other indirect emissions which occur at sources the organisation neither owns nor controls.
scope 3 emissions can result from business travel in non-company vehicles, especially commercial planes; employees commuting in non-company vehicles, as well as the activities of suppliers, customers and contractors.
sustainable development development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
this entails respect for the environment, human rights, labour rights, decent work and economic growth, data privacy and business ethics.
sustainability-linked loans any type of loan instrument and/or contingent facility such as bonding lines, guarantee lines or letters of credit which incentivise the borrower to achieve pre-determined sustainability performance objectives.
the borrower's sustainability performance is measured using sustainability performance targets, which can include key performance indicators, external esg ratings or equivalent metrics which measure improvements in the borrower's sustainability profile.
task force on climate-related financial disclosures tcfd industry-led initiative established by the financial stability board in 2015 at the request of the g20 to develop a set of voluntary climate-related financial risk disclosures which can be adopted by companies so that those companies can inform investors and other members of the public about the risks they face related to climate change.
the recommendations of the tcfd are organised around four pillars, namely governance and management, strategy, management of climate change-related risks and metrics and targets in place to address the impacts.
taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures tnfd risk management and disclosure framework for organisations to report and act on evolving nature-related risks, with the ultimate aim of supporting a shift in global financial flows away from nature-negative outcomes and toward nature-positive outcomes.
transition risk transition risks arise from the process of adjustment towards a low carbon economy which could result in financial and non-financial impacts.
impact is expected to materialise in a shorter time horizon with the speed and magnitude of transition dependent on changes in public policies, technological developments, shifts in consumer preferences and investor sentiment.
united nations-supported principles for responsible investment pri six principles that serve as a global standard for responsible investing.
they also provide guidance to financial institutions on the integration of esg factors in the investment process and in active ownership.
united nations global compact ungc an initiative to encourage companies to align their strategies and operations with ten principles in the areas of human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption, and to advance progress against the united nations sustainable development goals.
united nations sustainable development goals sdgs also known as the global goals, they were adopted by the united nations member states in 2015 and form the core of the 2030 agenda, a universal call to action for governments, businesses and civil society to end poverty, protect the planet and ensure peace and prosperity for all people by 2030. appendix: external assurance independent limited assurance statement in connection with the subject matter included in the uob sustainability report 2022 22 march 2023 to the management of uob scope we have been engaged by united overseas bank limited “uob” to perform a ‘limited assurance engagement’, as defined by international standards on assurance engagements, hereafter referred to as the engagement, to report on uob’s sustainability report 2022’s gri disclosures the “subject matter” as set out in the subject matter and criteria section below as of 15 december 2022 for the period from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 “fy2022” “the report” . subject matter and criteria the criteria “the criteria” for our assurance evaluation are as follows: global reporting initiative sustainability reporting standards “gri standards” . gri standards disclosures table: gri standards disclosures no: 1, gri standards disclosures: 201-1 direct economic value generated and distributed, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a direct economic value generated and distributed evg&d on an accrual basis, including the basic components for the organization’s global operations as listed below.
if data are presented on a cash basis, report the justification for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components: i direct economic value generated: revenues; ii economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, payments to providers of capital, payments to government by country, and community investments; iii economic value retained: ‘direct economic value generated’ less ‘economic value distributed’.
b where significant, report evg&d separately at country, regional, or market levels, and the criteria used for defining significance., scope: group¹ no: 2.1, gri standards disclosures: when compiling the information specified in disclosure 201-1, the reporting organization shall, if applicable, compile the evg&d from data in the organization’s audited financial or profit and loss p&l statement, or its internally audited management accounts.
¹ “group” under the audit scope comprises singapore and uob’s six key markets indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, mainland china and hong kong , and overseas branches australia, brunei, canada, india, japan, myanmar, philippines, south korea, taiwan, united kingdom, usa . appendix: external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 2, gri standards disclosures: 202-2 proportion of senior management hired from the local community, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a percentage of senior management at significant locations of operation that are hired from the local community.
b the definition used for 'senior management'.
c the organization's geographical definition of 'local'.
d the definition used for 'significant locations of operation'.
2.2 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 202-2, the reporting organization shall calculate this percentage using data on full-time employees., scope: group no: 3, gri standards disclosures: 205-2 communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a total number and percentage of governance body members that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by region.
b total number and percentage of employees that the organization's anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken down by employee category and region.
d total number and percentage of governance body members that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by region.
e total number and percentage of employees that have received training on anti-corruption, broken down by employee category and region., scope: group no: 4, gri standards disclosures: 302-1 energy consumption within the organization, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a total fuel consumption within the organization from non-renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used.
b total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources, in joules or multiples, and including fuel types used.
c in joules, watt-hours of training per employee or multiples, the total: i. electricity consumption; ii.
heating consumption; iii.
cooling consumption; iv.
steam consumption.
d in joules, watt-hours of training per employee or multiples, the total: i. electricity sold; ii.
heating sold; iii.
cooling sold; iv.
steam sold.
e total energy consumption within the organization, in joules or multiples.
f standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
grams source of the conversion factors used., scope: group table end.
appendix: external assurance sub-indicators under “shall” requirement referenced as per gri standards 2.1 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 302-1, the reporting organization shall: 2.1.1 avoid the double-counting of fuel consumption, when reporting self-generated energy consumption.
if the organization generates electricity from a non-renewable or renewable fuel source and then consumes the generated electricity, the energy consumption shall be counted once under fuel consumption; 2.1.2 report fuel consumption separately for non-renewable and renewable fuel sources; 2.1.3 only report energy consumed by entities owned or controlled by the organization; 2.1.4 calculate the total energy consumption within the organization in joules or multiples using the following formula: total energy consumption within the organization = non-renewable fuel consumed + renewable fuel consumed + electricity, heating, cooling, and steam purchased for consumption + self-generated electricity, heating, cooling, and steam which are not consumed - electricity, heating, cooling, and steam sold.
5 302-3 energy intensity group a energy intensity ratio for the organization.
b organization-specific metric the denominator chosen to calculate the ratio.
c types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
d whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both.
2.5 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 302-3, the reporting organization shall: 2.5.1 calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute energy consumption the numerator by the organization-specific metric the denominator ; 2.5.2 if reporting an intensity ratio both for the energy consumed within the organization and outside of it, report these intensity ratios separately.
there are no tables or charts in the provided image.
there are also no images to replace with placeholders.
appendix: external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 6, gri standards disclosures: 302-4 reduction of energy consumption, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a amount of reductions in energy consumption achieved as a direct result of conservation and efficiency initiatives, in joules or multiples.
b types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all.
c basis for calculating reductions in energy consumption, such as base year or baseline, including the rationale for choosing it.
d standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
2.7 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 302-4, the reporting organization shall: 2.7.1 exclude reductions resulting from reduced production capacity or outsourcing; 2.7.2 describe whether energy reduction is estimated, modeled, or sourced from direct.
if estimation or modeling is used, the organization shall disclose the methods used., scope: group no: 7, gri standards disclosures: 305-1 direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a gross direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
b gases included in the calculation; whether co₂, ch₄, n₂o, hfcs, pfcs, sf₆, nf₃ or all.
c biogenic co₂ emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
d base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii.
emissions in the base year; iii.
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e source of the emissions factors and the global warming potential gwp rates used, or a reference to the gwp source.
f consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control.
grams standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
2.1 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-1, the reporting organization shall: 2.1.1 exclude any greenhouse gas trades from the calculation of gross direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;, scope: group table end.
appendix: external assurance 2.1.2 report biogenic emissions of co₂ from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass separately from the gross direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions.
exclude biogenic emissions of other types of greenhouse gas such as ch₄ and n₂o , and biogenic emissions of co₂ that occur in the life cycle of biomass other than from combustion or biodegradation such as greenhouse gas emissions from processing or transporting biomass . no: 8, gri standards disclosures: 305-2 energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, sub-indicators under “shall” requirement referenced as per gri standards : a gross location-based energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
b if applicable, gross market-based energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
c if available, the gases included in the calculation; whether co₂, ch₄, n₂o, hfcs, pfcs, sf₆, nf₃, or all.
d base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii.
emissions in the base year; iii.
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
e source of the emissions factors and the global warming potential gwp rates used, or a reference to the gwp source.
f consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control.
grams standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used.
2.3 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-2, the reporting organization shall: 2.3.1 exclude any greenhouse gas trades from the calculation of gross energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; 2.3.2 exclude other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions that are disclosed as specified in disclosure 305-3; 2.3.3 account and report energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on the location-based method, if it has operations in markets without product or supplier-specific data; 2.3.4 account and report energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions based on both the location-based and market-based methods, if it has any operations in markets providing product or supplier-specific data in the form of contractual instruments.
appendix: external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 9, gri standards disclosures: 305-3 other indirect emissions scope 3 emissions, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a gross other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
b if available, the gases included in the calculation; whether co₂, ch₄, n₂o, hfcs, pfcs, sf₆, nf₃, or all.
c biogenic co₂ emissions in metric tons of co₂ equivalent.
d other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions categories and activities included in the calculation.
e base year for the calculation, if applicable, including: i. the rationale for choosing it; ii.
emissions in the base year; iii.
the context for any significant changes in emissions that triggered recalculations of base year emissions.
f source of the emissions factors and the global warming potential gwp rates used, or a reference to the gwp source.
grams standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or calculation tools used., scope: group table end.
2.5 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-3, the reporting organization shall: 2.5.1 exclude any greenhouse gas trades from the calculation of gross other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions; 2.5.2 exclude energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from this disclosure.
energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions are disclosed as specified in disclosure 305-2; 2.5.3 report biogenic emissions of co₂, from the combustion or biodegradation of biomass that occur in its value chain separately from the gross other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.
exclude biogenic emissions of other types of greenhouse gas such as ch₄ and n₂o , and biogenic emissions of co₂ that occur in the life cycle of biomass other than from combustion or biodegradation such as greenhouse gas emissions from processing or transporting biomass . external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 10, gri standards disclosures: greenhouse gas emissions intensity, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a greenhouse gas emissions intensity ratio for the organization.
b organization-specific metric the denominator chosen to calculate the ratio.
c types of greenhouse gas emissions included in the intensity ratio; whether direct scope 1 , energy indirect scope 2 , and/or other indirect scope 3 . d gases included in the calculation; whether co₂, ch₄, n₂o, hfcs, pfcs, sf₆, nf₃ or all.
2.7. when compiling the information specified in disclosure 305-4, the reporting organization shall: 2.7.1 calculate the ratio by dividing the absolute greenhouse gas emissions the numerator by the organization-specific metric the denominator ; 2.7.2 if reporting an intensity ratio for other indirect scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, report this intensity ratio separately from the intensity ratios for direct scope 1 and energy indirect scope 2 emissions., scope: group no: 11, gri standards disclosures: waste diverted from disposal, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a total weight of waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.
b total weight of hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following recovery operations: i. preparation for reuse; ii.
recycling; iii.
other recovery operations.
c total weight of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following recovery operations: i. preparation for reuse; ii.
recycling; iii.
other recovery operations.
d for each recovery operation listed in disclosures 306-4-b and 306-4-c, a breakdown of the total weight in metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal: i. onsite; ii.
offsite., scope: group table end.
external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 12, gri standards disclosures: 306-5 waste directed to disposal, scope: group table end.
2.2 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 306-4, the reporting organization shall: 2.2.1 exclude effluent, unless required by national legislation to be reported under total waste; 2.2.2 use 1000 kilograms as the measure for a metric ton.
a total weight of waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by composition of the waste.
b total weight of hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery ; incineration without energy recovery ; landfilling; other disposal operations.
c total weight of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal in metric tons, and a breakdown of this total by the following disposal operations: incineration with energy recovery ; incineration without energy recovery ; landfilling; other disposal operations.
d for each disposal operation listed in disclosures 306-5-b and 306-5-c, a breakdown of the total weight in metric tons of hazardous waste and of non-hazardous waste directed to disposal: onsite; offsite.
e contextual information necessary to understand the data and how the data has been compiled.
2.4 when compiling the information specified in disclosure 306-5, the reporting organization shall: 2.4.1 exclude effluent, unless required by national legislation to be reported under total waste; 2.4.2 use 1000 kilograms as the measure for a metric ton.
notes : this table summarizes the gri standards disclosures and associated sub-indicators for waste disposal, as detailed in uob sustainability report 2022, page 161. external assurance table: gri standards disclosures and sub-indicators no: 13, gri standards disclosures: 401-1 new employee hires and employee turnover, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region.
b total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by age group, gender and region., scope: group no: 14, gri standards disclosures: 404-1 average hours of training per employee of training per year per employee, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a average hours of training per employee of training that the organization's employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by: i. gender; ii.
employee category., scope: group no: 15, gri standards disclosures: 404-3 percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development review, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a percentage of total employees by gender and by employee category who received a regular performance and career development review during the reporting period., scope: group no: 16, gri standards disclosures: 405-1 diversity of governance bodies and employees, sub-indicators under "shall" requirement referenced as per gri standards : a percentage of individuals within the organization's governance bodies in each of the following diversity categories: i. gender; ii.
age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii.
other indicators of diversity wherever relevant such as minority or vulnerable groups . b percentage of employees per employee category in each of the following diversity categories: i. gender; ii.
age group: under 30 years old, 30-50 years old, over 50 years old; iii.
other indicators of diversity wherever relevant such as minority or vulnerable groups ., scope: group table end.
external assurance uob management's responsibilities uob management is responsible for selecting the criteria, and presenting the subject matter in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects.
this responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls, maintaining adequate records, and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the subject matter information, such that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
ey's responsibilities our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the subject matter based on the procedures we performed and evidence we obtained.
we conducted our limited assurance engagement in accordance with international standard on assurance engagements 3000 "isae 3000" issued by the international auditing and assurance standards board, and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with uob on 15 december 2022. those standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether, in all material respects, the subject matter is presented in accordance with the criteria, and to issue a report.
the nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including assessment of the risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
we believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our limited assurance conclusions.
our independence and quality control we have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority “acra” code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities "acra code" , which is founded on the fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.
ey also applies international standard on quality control 1, quality control for firms that perform audits and reviews of financial statements, and other assurance and related services engagements, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
description of procedures performed procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement.
consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.
our procedures were designed to obtain a limited level of assurance on which to base our conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.
although we considered the effectiveness of management's internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.
our procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of data within it systems.
a limited assurance engagement consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the subject matter and related information, and applying analytical and other appropriate procedures.
external assurance our procedures included: 1. inquiries with uob's sustainability teams to: understand principal business operations, appreciate key sustainability issues and developments, map out information flow for sustainability reporting and the relevant controls, identify data providers with their responsibilities, and recognise the likelihood of possible manipulation of sustainability information and data.
2. virtual meetings with uob's data stakeholders and management.
3. process walk-through of systems and processes for data aggregation and reporting, with relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the controls in relation to the subject matter in the report.
4. interviews with employees and management in uob group corporate sustainability office, group human resources, group finance, group legal, group compliance, group risk management, group strategic communications and brand, and group corporate real estate services to understand key sustainability issues related to the select indicators and processes for the collection and accurate reporting of performance information.
5. obtaining of documentation through sampling methods to verify assumptions, estimations and computations made by management in relation to the subject matter in the report.
6. checking that data and statements had been correctly transcribed from corporate systems and/or supporting evidence, into the report.
7. obtaining of third-party reports and confirmations in relation to the subject matter in the report.
8. relying on uob's management representation letter on the subject matter in the report.
we also performed such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
conclusion based on our procedures and the evidence obtained, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the subject matter as of 22 march 2023 for the year ended 31 december 2022 in order for it to be in accordance with the criteria.
restricted use this report is intended solely for the information and use of the management of uob and is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than those specified parties.
signed for ernst & young llp by praveen tekchandani partner, climate change and sustainability services singapore 22 march 2023 appendix: external assurance independent limited assurance statement on uob's greenhouse gas "greenhouse gas" emissions statement to the management of uob scope we have undertaken a 'limited assurance engagement' of the accompanying greenhouse gas emissions statement of united overseas bank limited “uob” 's sustainability report 2022 as set out in the subject matter and criteria section below as of 15 december 2022 for the period from 1 january 2022 to 31 december 2022 “fy2022” “the report” . subject matter and criteria the criteria “the criteria” for our assurance evaluation are as follows: greenhouse gas protocol corporate accounting and reporting standard for greenhouse gas inventories; and iso 14064-3: 2019 specification with guidance for the validation and verification of greenhouse gas assertions.
the subject matter is set out in the table below: table: greenhouse gas emissions disclosures no: 1, greenhouse gas emissions: direct scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, coverage: direct emissions from sources owned or controlled by uob group 2 e.grams. stationary combustion emissions, fugitive emissions, mobile combustion emissions : generation of scope 1 emissions: 5.783 thousand tco 2 e 1 , scope: group 2 no: 2, greenhouse gas emissions: energy indirect scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, coverage: indirect emissions from electricity consumption and purchased cooling 3 : generation of scope 2 emissions location-based : 69.313 thousand tco 2 e; generation of scope 2 emissions market-based 4 : 1.135 thousand tco 2 e, scope: group no: 3, greenhouse gas emissions: other indirect scope 3 emissions 5 , coverage: indirect emissions from domestic and international air travel undertaken by employees for business purposes from, to or within singapore, indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, mainland china, hong kong and south korea: generation of scope 3 emissions: 3.987 thousand tco 2 e, scope: group table end.
footnotes: 1. tco 2 e refers to the total weight of recycled waste, including electronic waste of carbon dioxide equivalent.
carbon dioxide equivalent is a standard unit for calculating ghgs such as carbon dioxide or methane in a common unit.
2. "group" under the audit scope comprises singapore and uob's six key markets indonesia, malaysia, thailand, vietnam, mainland china and hong kong , and overseas branches australia, brunei, canada, india, japan, myanmar, philippines, south korea, taiwan, united kingdom, usa . 3. exclude scope 2 emissions for uob-owned spaces that are leased to tenants downstream assets . 4. uob retired 133,297 renewable energy certificates renewable energy certificates for 2022. scope 2 emissions market-based are residual emissions left after the offset by renewable energy certificates.
for 2022, this primarily arose from overseas branches’ scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
5. the assurance scope for other indirect scope 3 emissions only covers domestic and international air travel by employees.
it does not include other categories of scope 3. appendix: external assurance table: greenhouse gas emissions and carbon credits no: 4, greenhouse gas emissions: total greenhouse gas emissions no: 5, greenhouse gas emissions: carbon credits 6 , coverage: total scope 1, scope 2 location-based , scope 3 emissions: 79.083 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent total scope 1, scope 2 market-based , scope 3 emissions: 10.905 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent amount of carbon credits retired: 10.905 thousand tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent table end.
uob management's responsibilities uob management is responsible for selecting the criteria, and for presenting the subject matter in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects.
this responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls, maintaining adequate records and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the greenhouse gas statement, such that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
ey's responsibilities our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the subject matter based on the procedures we performed and evidence we obtained.
we conducted our limited assurance engagement in accordance with international standard for assurance engagements on greenhouse gas statements “isae 3410” , and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with uob on 15 december 2022. those standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether, in all material respects, the subject matter is presented in accordance with the criteria, and to issue a report.
the nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
we believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our limited assurance conclusion.
our independence and quality control we have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the accounting and corporate regulatory authority "acra" code of professional conduct and ethics for public accountants and accounting entities "acra code" , which is founded on the fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.
ey also applies international standard on quality control 1, quality control for firms that perform audits and reviews of financial statements, and other assurance and related services engagements, and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
notes: 6 one carbon credit equals one metric metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent prevented from being emitted into the atmosphere emissions avoidance/reduction or removed from the atmosphere.
the carbon credits are certified under the gold standard "gs" and verified carbon standard "vcs" . while ey confirmed that the carbon credits have been obtained and retired by uob, ey has not taken any action against the provider of these carbon credits and expresses no opinion as to whether the offset credits will result in an actual reduction in carbon dioxide equivalent.
external assurance description of procedures performed procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement.
consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been performed.
our procedures were designed to obtain a limited level of assurance on which to base our conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.
although we considered the effectiveness of management's internal controls when determining the nature and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls.
our procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or calculation of data within it systems.
the greenhouse gas quantification process is subject to scientific uncertainty, which arises because of incomplete scientific knowledge about the measurement of ghgs.
additionally, greenhouse gas procedures are subject to estimation or measurement uncertainty resulting from the measurement and calculation processes used to quantify emissions within the bounds of existing scientific knowledge.
a limited assurance engagement consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the subject matter and related information, and applying analytical and other appropriate procedures.
our procedures included: 1. inquiries with uob's sustainability teams to: understand principal business operations, appreciate key greenhouse gas accounting-related issues and developments, map out information flow for greenhouse gas reporting and the relevant controls, identify data providers with their responsibilities, and recognise the likelihood of possible manipulation of greenhouse gas accounting-related information and data.
2. virtual meetings with uob's data stakeholders and management.
3. process walk-through of systems and processes for data aggregation and reporting, with relevant personnel to understand the quality of checks and control mechanisms, assessing and testing the controls in relation to the subject matter in the report.
4. interviews with employees and management in uob group corporate sustainability office and group corporate real estate services to understand key greenhouse gas accounting-related issues related to the select indicators and processes for the collection and accurate reporting of performance information.
5. obtain documentation through sampling methods to verify assumptions, estimations and computations made by management in relation to the subject matter in the report.
6. checking that data and statements had been correctly transcribed from corporate systems and/or supporting evidence, into the report.
7. obtaining of third-party reports and confirmations in relation to the subject matter in the report.
8. relying on uob's management representation letter on the subject matter in the report.
we also performed such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
external assurance conclusion based on our procedures and the evidence obtained, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the subject matter as of 22 march 2023 for the year ended 31 december 2022, in order for it to be in accordance with the criteria.
restricted use this report is intended solely for the information and use of the management of uob and is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than those specified parties.
ernst & young llp signed for ernst & young llp by praveen tekchandani partner, climate change and sustainability services singapore 22 march 2023 united overseas bank limited contact information company registration no.: 193500026z head office 80 raffles place uob plaza singapore 048624 tel: 65 6222 2121 fax: 65 6536 7712 www.uobgroup.com social media: facebook: facebook.com/uob linkedin: linkedin.com/company/uob instagram: instagram.com/uobgroup youtube: youtube.com/uob